<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-008377.txt : 20250130
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-008377.hdr.sgml : 20250130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250130161052
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-008377
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250127
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002028614
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42467
		FILM NUMBER:		25573828

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 PELICAN DR.
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-870-3104

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 PELICAN DR.
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0229135-8k_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 27, 2025

Date of Report (Date of
earliest event reported)

Drugs Made In America
Acquisition Corp.

(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in its Charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42467 99-2394788

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone
number, including area code: (954) 870-3099

N/A

(Former name or former
address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, par value $0.0001 per
share, and one Right to receive one-eighth (1/8) of an Ordinary Share DMAAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Ordinary Shares DMAA The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights DMAAR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

On January 7, 2025,
the registration statement (File No. 333-281170) relating to the initial public offering (IPO) of Drugs Made In
America Acquisition Corp. (the Company) was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
Commission) and the post-effective amendment to the registration statement was declared effective by the Commission on
January 27, 2025 (together, the Registration Statement). In connection therewith, the Company entered into the following agreements, forms of which were previously filed
as exhibits to the Registration Statement:

Underwriting Agreement, dated January 27, 2025, by and between the Company and Clear Street LLC, as representative
of the underwriters;

Rights Agreement, dated January 7, 2025, by and between the Company and VStock Transfer, LLC;

Letter Agreement, dated January 7, 2025, by and among the Company, Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC
(the Sponsor), the initial shareholders and the officers and directors of the Company;

Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 7, 2025, by and among the Company, Wilmington Trust
National Association and VStock Transfer, LLC;

Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 7, 2025, by and among the Company and certain security holders
of the Company;

Amended and Restated Private Units Subscription Agreement, dated January 27, 2025, by and between the
Company and the Sponsor; 

Indemnity Agreements, dated January 7, 2025, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors
of the Company; and

Administrative
Services Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2025, by and between the Company and Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC.

On January
29, 2025, the Company consummated the IPO of 20,000,000 units (the Units). Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, $0.0001
par value (Ordinary Share) and one right to receive one-eighth (1/8) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial
business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $200,000,000. The underwriters were granted a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 Units to cover over-allotments,
if any.

As of January 29, 2025,
a total of $201,000,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement (as defined below) were deposited in a trust account
established for the benefit of the Companys public shareholders. An audited balance sheet as of January 29, 2025 reflecting receipt
of the proceeds upon consummation of the IPO and the Private Placement will be filed within four (4) business days of the consummation
of the IPO.

Item 3.02. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities.

Simultaneously with the
closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement (Private Placement) with the Sponsor of 400,000 units
(the Private Units) at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of $4,000,000.

The Private Units are
identical to the Units sold in the IPO except with respect to certain registration rights and transfer restrictions,
as described in the Registration Statement. Additionally, the holders of the Private Units have agreed to certain restrictions on the
Private Units, as described in the Registration Statement. Additionally, such holders agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the
Private Units or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the Registration Statement) until the earlier to occur of: (i) with respect to 50% of the Private Units, the earlier of six months after the date
of the consummation of the initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds
$12.50 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any
20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the initial business combination and (ii) with respect to the remaining
50% of the Private Units, six months after the date of the consummation of the initial business combination, or earlier, in either case,
if, subsequent to the initial business combination, the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. The holders were granted certain demand and piggyback registration
rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Units.

The Private Units were
issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transaction did not involve a public offering.

1

Item 5.03. Amendments
to Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On January 7, 2025, and
in connection with the IPO, the Company adopted its Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. The Second Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association is filed herewith as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On January 27, 2025,
the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K.

On January 29, 2025,
the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K.

Item 9.01. Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 27, 2025, by and between the Company and Clear Street LLC, as representative of the underwriters

3.1 Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

4.1 Rights Agreement, dated January 7, 2025, by and between the Company and VStock Transfer, LLC

10.1 Letter Agreement, dated January 7, 2025, by and among the Company, Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC, the initial shareholders and the officers and directors of the Company

10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 7, 2025, by and among the Company, Wilmington Trust National Association and VStock Transfer, LLC

10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 7, 2025, by and among the Company and certain security holders of the Company

10.4 Amended and Restated Private Units Subscription Agreement, dated January 27, 2025, by and between the Company and Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC

10.5 Form of Indemnity Agreement by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company

10.6 Administrative Services Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2025, by and between the Company and Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC

10.7 Note Conversion Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2025, by and between the Company and Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC

10.8 Promissory Note, dated as of January 29, 2025, issued to Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC

99.1 Press Release Dated January 27, 2025

99.2 Press Release Dated January 29, 2025

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Dated: January 30, 2025

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell

Name: Lynn Stockwell 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022913501ex1-1_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 27, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CLEAR STREET LLC, AS REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNDERWRITERS
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

January 27, 2025

Clear Street LLC

4 World Trade Center

150 Greenwich St., Floor 45

New York, NY 10007

As Representative of the Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Drugs Made In America Acquisition
Corp., a Cayman Islands exempt company (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement with Clear Street LLC (the Representative),
as representative of the several underwriters named on Schedule A hereto (the Underwriters or, each underwriter individually,
an Underwriter), as follows:

1. Purchase
and Sale of Securities.

1.1 Firm Securities.

1.1.1 Purchase of Firm Units.
On the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, but subject to the terms and conditions herein set forth, the Company
agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, and the Underwriters agree to purchase from the Company,
severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 20,000,000 units (the Firm Units) of the Company, as set forth opposite the respective
names of the Underwriters on Schedule A hereto, at a purchase price (net of discounts and commissions and the Deferred Underwriting Commission
described in Section 1.3 below) of $9.65 per Firm Unit. The Firm Units are to be offered initially to the public (the Offering)
at the offering price of $10.00 per Firm Unit. Each Firm Unit consists of one ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share
(the Ordinary Shares), and one right (the Rights). The Ordinary Shares and Rights included in the Units (as
defined below) will trade separately on the 52nd day following the date hereof unless
the Representative determines to allow earlier separate trading. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, in no event will
the Ordinary Shares and the Rights included in the Firm Units trade separately until (i) the Company has filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Commission) a Current Report on Form 8-K that includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the
Companys receipt of the proceeds of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement (as defined in Section 1.5.3) and updated financial
information with respect to any proceeds the Company receives from the exercise of the Over-allotment Option (defined below) if such option
is exercised prior to the filing of the Form 8-K, and (ii) the Company has filed with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K and
issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Each Right entitles its holder to receive one-eighth (1/8) of
one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of a Business Combination (as defined below). The Company has fifteen (15) months after the Closing
Date to complete its initial Business Combination (as defined below) unless the Company and the Sponsor elect to extend this initial time
period. The Company and the Sponsor may extend that initial time period two times by an additional three months each time (for a total
period of up to 21 months from the Closing Date) without submitting such proposed extensions to the Companys shareholders for approval
or offering the Companys public shareholders redemption rights in connection therewith. The terms of the initial time period and
the extensions are more fully described in the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.1.1 below).

1.1.2 Payment and Delivery.
Delivery and payment for the Firm Units shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st) Business Day (as defined below)
following the commencement of trading of the Units, or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company,
at the offices of Winston & Strawn LLP, counsel to the Underwriters (Winston), or at such other place as shall be agreed
upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Units is called the Closing
Date. Payment for the Firm Units shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows:
$201,000,000 of the proceeds received by the Company for the Firm Units and the sale of Placement Units (as defined in Section 1.5.3)
shall be deposited in the trust account (Trust Account) established by the Company for the benefit of the Public Shareholders
(as defined below), as described in the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1) pursuant to the terms of an Investment
Management Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement) between the Company and VStock Transfer LLC (VStock) and
Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (Wilmington). The funds deposited in the Trust Account shall include
an aggregate of $6,000,000 ($0.30 per Firm Unit), payable to the Underwriters as Deferred Underwriting Commission, in accordance with
Section 1.3 hereof. The remaining proceeds (less commissions and actual expense payments or other fees payable pursuant to this
Agreement), if any, shall be paid to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form and substance
satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Firm Units (or through the facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC))
for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Units shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as
the Representative may request in writing at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company will permit the Representative
to examine and package the Firm Units for delivery, at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not
be obligated to sell or deliver any of the Firm Units except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all the Firm Units. As used
herein, the term Public Shareholders means the holders of Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Offering or acquired
in the aftermarket, including the Initial Shareholders (defined below to the extent such Initial Shareholders acquire such Ordinary Shares
in the aftermarket (and solely with respect to such Ordinary Shares). Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday
or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however,
for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home,
shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any
physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for
wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day. For purposes of this
Agreement, Initial Shareholders shall mean the Sponsor (as defined in Section 1.5.1 hereof) and any other holders
of Insider Shares (as defined in Section 1.5.1 hereof) prior to the Offering (or their permitted transferees).

1.2 Over-Allotment Option.

1.2.1 Option Units. The
Representative is hereby granted an option (the Over-allotment Option) to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 units (the
Option Units), the gross proceeds of which will be deposited in the Trust Account, for the purposes of covering any over-allotments
in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be identical in all respects to the Firm Units.
Such Option Units shall be purchased for each account of the several Underwriters in the same proportion as the number of Firm Units,
set forth opposite such Underwriters name on Schedule A hereto, bears to the total number of Firm Units (subject to adjustment
by the Representative to eliminate fractions). The Firm Units and the Option Units are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Units,
and the Units, the Ordinary Shares and Rights included in the Units, the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exchange of the Rights, are hereinafter
referred to collectively as the Public Securities. No Option Units shall be sold or delivered unless the Firm Units previously
have been, or simultaneously are, sold and delivered. The right to purchase the Option Units, or any portion thereof, may be exercised
from time to time and to the extent not previously exercised may be surrendered and terminated at any time upon notice by the Representative
to the Company. The purchase price to be paid for each Option Unit will be the same price per Firm Unit set forth in Section 1.1.1
hereof.

1.2.2 Exercise of Option.
The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at any time)
or any part (from time to time) of the Option Units within 45 days after the effective date (Effective Date) of the Registration
Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof). The Underwriters will not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Units
prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of oral notice
to the Company by the Representative, which must be confirmed in accordance with Section 10.1 herein setting forth the number of
Option Units to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Units (the Option Closing Date),
which will not be later than five (5) full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time and in such other manner as shall
be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of Winston or at such other place (including remotely by facsimile
or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the
Option Units does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment
Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the
Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Units specified in such notice.

2

1.2.3 Payment and Delivery.
Payment for the Option Units shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows:
$9.65 per Option Unit shall be deposited in the Trust Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement upon delivery to the Representative of certificates
(in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Option Units (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account
of the Representative. The amount to be deposited in the Trust Account will include $0.30 per Option Unit (up to $900,000), payable to
the Underwriters, as Deferred Underwriting Commission, in accordance with Section 1.3 hereof. The certificates representing the
Option Units to be delivered will be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Representative requests in writing not
less than one full Business Day prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and will be made available to
the Representative for inspection, checking and packaging at the aforesaid office of the Companys transfer agent or correspondent
not less than one full Business Day prior to such Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Units
except upon tender of payment by the Underwriters for applicable Option Units.

1.3 Deferred Underwriting
Commission. The Underwriters agree that 3.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Firm Units ($6,000,000) and the Option Units
(up to $900,000), if any (collectively, the Deferred Underwriting Commission), will be deposited and held in the Trust Account
and payable, of which 25.0% will be adjusted net of redemptions, directly from the Trust Account, without accrued interest, to the Underwriters
for their own accounts upon consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination (as defined below). For purposes of calculating
the Deferred Underwriting Commission net of redemptions, 25.0% of the Deferred Underwriting Commission will determined by the dollar amount
that is the product of (1) 3.0% multiplied by the product of the number of unredeemed Ordinary Shares included in the Units, multiplied
by $10.00 and (2) 25.0%.1 In the event that
the Company is unable to consummate a Business Combination and Wilmington, as the trustee of the Trust Account (in this context, the Trustee),
commences liquidation of the Trust Account as provided in the Trust Agreement, the Underwriters agree that: (i) they shall forfeit any
rights or claims to the Deferred Underwriting Commission, including any accrued interest thereon; and (ii) the Deferred Underwriting Commission,
together with all other amounts on deposit in the Trust Account, shall be distributed on a pro-rata basis among the Public Shareholders.
As used herein, the term Business Combination shall mean a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities, as defined in the Companys Memorandum
and Articles of Association effective at the time and as amended (the Memorandum and Articles).

1.4 Representative Shares.
Upon the Closing of the Offering, the Company shall issue to the Underwriters 200,000 Ordinary Shares (the Representative Shares),
and if the Underwriters exercise the Over-allotment Option, the Company shall issue to the Underwriters up to an additional 30,000 Representative
Shares. The Underwriters will not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or hypothecate the Representative Shares, or cause the Representative
Shares to be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic
disposition of the Representative Shares by any person, for a period of 180 days (pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1)) following the commencement
of the sale of the Firm Units to anyone other than (i) the Underwriters or an underwriter or selected dealer in connection with the Offering,
or (ii) a bona fide officer or partner of the Underwriters or of any such underwriter or selected dealer. On and after the 181st day following
the commencement of the sale of the Firm Units, transfers to others may be made subject to compliance with or exemptions from applicable
securities laws. The certificates (or book entry reports) for the Representative Shares shall contain legends to reflect the above FINRA
and contractual transfer restrictions. The Underwriters have agreed, and will cause any transferee of the Representative Shares to agree,
(a) that they will not transfer, assign or sell any such shares without the Companys written consent until the completion of Companys
initial Business Combination (b) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of Companys
initial Business Combination or a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the provisions of the Companys Memorandum and Articles
(A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial
business combination or to redeem 100% of the Companys public shares if the Company does not complete its initial business combination
within 15 months from the Closing (or up to 21 months if the period of time to consummate a business combination is extended, as described
in more detail in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Final Prospectus) or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (b) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the prescribed
timeline as provided in the Companys Memorandum and Articles.

1 As an example, assuming 50% redemptions, the Deferred Underwriting
Commission will consist of $4,500,000 as a guaranteed fee, the remainder will be determined by (0.03)(Ordinary Shares minus Redemptions)($10.00)(0.25).

3

1.5 Private Placements.

1.5.1 Insider Shares.
On June 17, 2024, the Company issued 22,361,111 Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 (the Insider Shares) to Drugs Made In
America Acquisition LLC (the Sponsor) for an aggregate purchase price of $35,000. On November 21, 2024, the sponsor surrendered
and forfeited 12,503,968 ordinary shares to us for no consideration, following which the sponsor holds 9,857,142 founder shares. No underwriting
discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the purchase of Insider Shares. Except as described
in the Registration Statement, none of the Insider Shares may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor or the other Initial Shareholders
until (i) with respect to 50% of the Insider Shares, the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of the initial Business
Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Companys Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted
for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing after the initial Business Combination and (ii) with respect to the remaining 50% of the Insider Shares, six months
after the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to the initial Business
Combination, the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Companys
shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property. The Insider Shares shall be subject
to restrictions on transfer as set forth in the Insider Letters (as defined in Section 2.21.1 herein).

1.5.2 The holders of Insider
Shares shall have no right to any liquidating distributions with respect to any portion of the Insider Shares in the event the Company
fails to consummate a Business Combination within 15 months (or up to 21 months, if applicable) from the closing of the Offering. The
holders of the Insider Shares shall not have redemption rights with respect to the Insider Shares. In the event that the Over-allotment
Option is not exercised in full, the Sponsor will be required to forfeit such number of Insider Shares (up to 1,285,714 Insider Shares)
such that the Insider Shares then outstanding will comprise approximately 30% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company (but
not including any Placement Shares (as defined below) and the Representative Shares) after giving effect to the Offering and exercise,
if any, of the Over-allotment Option.

1.5.3 Unit Private Placement.
Simultaneously with the Closing Date, the Sponsor (and/or its designees) will purchase from the Company pursuant to a Private Placement
Units Purchase Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.2 below) an aggregate of 400,000 units of the Company, which units are identical
to the Firm Units subject to certain exceptions (collectively, the Placement Units) at a purchase price of $10.00 per Placement
Unit in a private placement (the Unit Private Placement) intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Act) pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. The terms of the Placement Units are as described
in the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.1.1 below). Simultaneously with the Option Closing Date, the Sponsor will purchase from
the Company pursuant to the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, an additional 30,000 Placement Units (the Option Placement
Units) at a purchase price of $10.00 per Option Placement Unit in a private placement intended to be exempt from registration under
the Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act.

The purchase price for the
Placement Units and Option Placement Units to be paid by the Sponsor has been delivered to Wilmington or counsel to the Company or the
Representative to hold in a separate escrow account at least 24 hours prior to the date hereof so that such funds are readily available
to be delivered to the Trust Account on the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be.

1.5.4 The Placement Units, the
Option Placement Units, the Ordinary Shares (the Placement Shares) and the Rights (the Placement Rights) and
the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exchange of the Placement Rights are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Placement Securities.
No underwriting discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the Placement Securities sold
in the Unit Private Placement. The Placement Units and Option Placement Units are identical to the Firm Units except that none of the
Placement Securities may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees until after consummation of the
Companys initial Business Combination. The Public Securities, the Representative Shares, the Placement Securities, and the Insider
Shares are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Securities.

4

1.6 Working Capital.
Upon consummation of the Offering, approximately $1,100,000 will be held by the Company outside of the Trust Account to fund the working
capital requirements of the Company as more fully described in the Prospectus (as defined below).

1.7 Interest Income.
Prior to the Companys consummation of a Business Combination or the Companys liquidation, interest earned on the Trust Account
may be released to the Company from the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement to pay any income taxes incurred
by the Company and up to $100,000 for liquidation expenses, all as more fully described in the Prospectus.

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Company.

The Company represents and
warrants to the Underwriters as follows:

2.1 Filing of Registration
Statement.

2.1.1 Pursuant to the Act.
The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement and any amendment thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-281170), including
any related preliminary prospectus or such post-effective amendment filed prior to the final prospectus (the Preliminary Prospectus,
including any prospectus that is included in the registration statement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement),
for the registration of the Public Securities under the Act, which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared
by the Company in conformity with the requirements of the Act, and the rules and regulations (the Regulations) of the Commission
under the Act. The conditions for use of Form S-1 to register the Offering under the Act, as set forth in the General Instructions to
such Form, have been satisfied. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the
Commission at the time the registration statement became effective or such post-effective amendment filed prior to the final prospectus,
including the prospectus, financial statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein
and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A of the Regulations, together with the registration
statement filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Act registering additional Public Securities (the Rule 462(b)
Registration Statement), is hereinafter called the Registration Statement, and the form of the final prospectus dated
the Effective Date included in the Registration Statement (or, if applicable, the form of final prospectus containing information permitted
to be omitted at the time of effectiveness by Rule 430A of the Regulations, filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule
424 of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Prospectus. For purposes of this Agreement, Applicable Time,
as used in the Act, means 4:00 p.m. New York City time, on the date of this Agreement. Prior to the Applicable Time, the Company prepared
a Preliminary Prospectus, which was included in the Registration Statement filed on January 22, 2025, for distribution by the Underwriters
(such Preliminary Prospectus used most recently prior to the Applicable Time, the Statutory Prospectus). Other than the
Registration Statement, together with any correspondence letters between the Company and/or counsel for the Company and the Commission,
and the Form 8-A as described in Section 2.1.2 below, no other document with respect to the Registration Statement has been filed
under the Act with the Commission. All of the Public Securities have been or will be registered for public sale under the Act pursuant
to the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof. If, subsequent
to the date of this Agreement, the Company or the Representative determines that, at the Applicable Time, the Statutory Prospectus included
an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted a statement of material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and the Company and the Representative agree to provide an opportunity to purchasers
of the Units to terminate their old purchase contracts and enter into new purchase contracts, then the Statutory Prospectus will be deemed
to include any additional information available to purchasers at the time of entry into the first such new purchase contract.

2.1.2 Pursuant to the Exchange
Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File Number 001-42467) providing for the registration
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Units, the Ordinary Shares, the Rights
and the Representative Shares. The registration of the Units, the Ordinary Shares, the Rights and the Representative Shares under the
Exchange Act has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof and the Units, the Ordinary Shares, the Rights and the Representative
Shares have been registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

5

2.1.3 No Stop Orders, etc.
Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any federal, state or other regulatory authority
has issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary
Prospectus, the Statutory Prospectus or Prospectus or any part thereof, or has instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming
reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

2.2 Disclosures in Registration
Statement.

2.2.1 10b-5 Representation.
At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the time of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement)
and at all times subsequent thereto up to the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Registration Statement, the Statutory
Prospectus and the Prospectus do and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the
Act and the Regulations, and did or will, in all material respects, conform to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations. The Registration
Statement, as of the Effective Date and at the Applicable Time, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective
dates, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its date and the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the
case may be, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective dates, will not, include any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances
under which they were made, not misleading. The Statutory Prospectus, as of the Applicable Time (or such subsequent Applicable Time pursuant
to Section 2.1.1), did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. When any Preliminary Prospectus
or the Statutory Prospectus was first filed with the Commission (whether filed as part of the Registration Statement for the registration
of the Public Securities or any amendment thereto or pursuant to Rule 424(a) of the Regulations) and when any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto was first filed with the Commission, such Preliminary Prospectus or the Statutory Prospectus and any amendments thereof and supplements
thereto complied or will have been corrected in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus to comply in all material respects with the
applicable provisions of the Act and the Regulations and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made,
not misleading. The representation and warranty made in this Section 2.2.1 does not apply to statements made or statements omitted
in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Underwriters
expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto.
The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of the Underwriters consists solely of the following:
the names of the Underwriters, the number of Units being purchased by each Underwriter, information regarding selling concessions to dealers,
the information with respect to stabilization transactions contained in the section entitled Underwriting - Stabilization
and the identity of counsel to the Underwriters contained in the section entitled Legal Matters (such information, collectively,
the Underwriters Information).

2.2.2 Disclosure of Agreements.
The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus conform to the descriptions
thereof contained therein in all material respects and there are no agreements or other documents required to be described in the Registration
Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that
have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a
party or by which its property or business is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, Statutory
Prospectus or the Prospectus or attached as an exhibit thereto, or (ii) that is material to the Companys business, has been duly
authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability
of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the
remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the
discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and no such agreement or instrument has been assigned by
the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any other party is in breach
or default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of
time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a breach or default thereunder. To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable
inquiry, the performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of
any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having
jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws
and regulations.

6

2.2.3 Prior Securities Transactions.
No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling,
controlled by, or under common control with the Company since the date of the Companys formation, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement.

2.2.4 Regulations. The
disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, foreign, state and
local regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

2.3 Changes After Dates
in Registration Statement.

2.3.1 No Material Adverse
Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the
Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial
or otherwise, or business prospects of the Company, (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than
as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) no member of the Companys board of directors (the Board of Directors)
or management has resigned from any position with the Company and (iv) no event or occurrence has taken place which materially impairs,
or would likely materially impair, with the passage of time, the ability of the members of the Board of Directors or management to act
in their capacities with the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.3.2 Recent Securities Transactions.
Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus,
and except as may otherwise be disclosed, indicated or contemplated herein or therein, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities
or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other
distribution on or in respect to its share capital.

2.4 Independent Accountants.
MaloneBailey LLP, (MB), whose report is filed with the Commission as part of, and is included in, the Registration Statement,
the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus, are independent registered public accountants as required by the Act, the Regulations and
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB), including the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity.
To the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, MB is currently registered with the PCAOB and in good standing. MB has
not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus,
provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

2.5 Financial Statements;
Statistical Data.

2.5.1 Financial Statements.
The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules (if any) included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory
Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly present the financial position, the results of operations and the cash flows of the Company at the
dates and for the periods to which they apply; such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved; and the supporting schedules
included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly the information required to be stated
therein in conformity with the Regulations. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included or incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus. The Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus
and the Prospectus disclose all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations),
and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect
on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital
resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. There are no pro forma or as adjusted financial statements which are required
to be included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus in accordance with Regulation S-X or Form 10
that have not been included as so required.

7

2.5.2 Statistical Data.
The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and/or the
Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate, and
such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

2.6 Authorized Capital;
Options. The Company had at the date or dates indicated in each of the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus,
as the case may be, duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus,
and the Prospectus. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus, the Company
will have on the Closing Date or on the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the adjusted stock capitalization set forth therein.
Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, on the Effective
Date and on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there will be no options, warrants, or other rights to purchase
or otherwise acquire any authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares or any security convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any contracts or
commitments to issue or sell Ordinary Shares or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.7 Valid Issuance of Securities.

2.7.1 Outstanding Securities.
All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized
and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission with respect thereto, and are
not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive
rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized and outstanding
securities of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement,
the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. All offers, sales and any transfers of the outstanding securities of the Company were at
all relevant times either registered under the Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or exempt from such registration
requirements (based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such securities).

2.7.2 Public Securities;
Representative Shares. The Public Securities and the Representative Shares have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and
when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof
are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Securities and the Representative Shares
are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted
by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities and the
Representative Shares has been duly and validly taken. The form of certificates for the Public Securities conform to the corporate law
of the jurisdiction of the Companys incorporation and applicable securities laws. The Public Securities conform in all material
respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case
may be. When paid for and issued, the Rights will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type
of securities of the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof and such Rights are enforceable against the Company
in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization
or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may
be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other
forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor
may be brought. The Ordinary Shares issuable upon exchange of the Rights have been reserved for issuance and upon the exchange of the
Rights and upon payment of the consideration therefor, and when issued in accordance with the terms thereof, such Ordinary Shares will
be duly and validly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and the holders thereof are not and will not be subject
to personal liability by reason of being such holders.

8

2.7.3 Placement Securities.

2.7.3.1 The Placement Rights
constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type of securities of the Company called for thereby in
accordance with the terms thereof, and are, or will be, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except:
(i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights
generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under federal and state securities laws;
and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses
and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. The Placement Securities have been duly authorized
and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance with the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement and the Rights
Agreement (as defined in Section 2.24), will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and
will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Placement Securities are not and will not be subject to
the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate
action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Placement Securities has been duly and validly taken. The
Placement Securities conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Statutory
Prospectus, and the Prospectus, as the case may be.

2.7.4 No Integration.
Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities which are required
to be or may be integrated pursuant to the Act or the Regulations with the offer and sale of the Public Securities pursuant
to the Registration Statement or the Placement Securities in the Unit Private Placement.

2.8 Registration Rights
of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, the Prospectus and the Registration
Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.3), no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible
or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under
the Act or to include any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.9 Validity and Binding
Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Insider Letter (as defined in Section 2.21.1), the Trust Agreement, the Registration
Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.3), the Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.24), the Private Placement
Units Purchase Agreement (collectively, the Transaction Documents) have been duly and validly authorized by the Company
and, when executed and delivered by the Company and the other parties thereto, will constitute the valid and binding agreements of the
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification
or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal, and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific
performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court
before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

2.10 No Conflicts, Etc.
The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions
herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without
the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a breach or violation of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions
of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance
upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which
the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject except pursuant to the Trust Agreement; (ii) result in any violation
of the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles; or (iii) violate any existing applicable statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order
or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties, assets
or business constituted as of the date hereof.

2.11 No Defaults; Violations.
No default or violation exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any license, contract, indenture,
mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money,
or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties
or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not in violation of any term or provision of its Memorandum and Articles or in violation
of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic
or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties or businesses.

9

2.12 Corporate Power; Licenses;
Consents.

2.12.1 Conduct of Business.
The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates
and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business for
the purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. The disclosures in the Registration
Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign, federal, state and local regulation on this
Offering and the Companys business purpose as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading. Since its formation, the Company has conducted no business and has incurred no liabilities other
than in connection with its formation and in furtherance of this Offering.

2.12.2 Transactions Contemplated
Herein. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the provisions and
conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection herewith have been obtained. No consent,
authorization, or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body, foreign or domestic, is required for the valid
issuance, sale and delivery, of the Public Securities and the Placement Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements
contemplated by the Transaction Documents and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus,
except with respect to applicable foreign, federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated by FINRA.

2.13 D&O Questionnaires.
All information contained in the questionnaires (Questionnaires) completed by each of the Companys officers, directors
and the Sponsor (collectively, the Insiders) and provided to the Representative and its counsel and the biographies of the
Insiders contained in the Registration Statement, Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (to the extent a biography is contained) is
true and correct and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires
completed by each Insider to become inaccurate, incorrect or incomplete.

2.14 Litigation; Governmental
Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding pending,
or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened against or involving the Company or, to the Companys
knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider or any stockholder or member of an Insider that has not been disclosed, that is required
to be disclosed, in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Questionnaires.

2.15 Good Standing.
The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as an exempt company and is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction
of incorporation. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in
which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would
not have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, assets, prospects, business, operations or properties
of the Company, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect).

2.16 No Contemplation of
a Business Combination. The Company has not identified any Business Combination target (each a Target Business) and
it has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination
target.

2.17 Transactions Requiring
Disclosure to FINRA.

2.17.1 Finders Fees.
There are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination
fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings
of the Company or to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider that may affect the Underwriters compensation,
as determined by FINRA.

10

2.17.2 Payments Within 180
Days. Except as described herein or in the Registration Statement, the Statuary Prospectus and the Prospectus, and except for reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses, the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person,
as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to
the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct
or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member, within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing of the Registration
Statement, other than the prior payments to the Representative in connection with the Offering. The Company has not issued any warrants
or other securities, or granted any options, directly or indirectly, to anyone who is a potential underwriter in the Offering or a related
person (as defined by FINRA rules) of such an underwriter within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration
Statement. No person to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing
date of the Registration Statement has any relationship or affiliation or association with any member of FINRA participating in the Offering.
Except with respect to the Representative in connection with the Offering, the Company has not entered into any agreement or arrangement
(including, without limitation, any consulting agreement or any other type of agreement) during the 180-day period prior to the initial
filing date of the Registration Statement with the Commission, which arrangement or agreement provides for the receipt of any item of
value and/or the transfer or issuance of any warrants, options, or other securities from the Company to a FINRA member, any person associated
with a member (as defined by FINRA rules), any potential underwriters in the Offering and/or any related persons.

2.17.3 FINRA Affiliation.
Other than as disclosed to the Representative or as described in the Registration Statement, the Statuary Prospectus and the Prospectus,
no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered
securities (whether debt or equity, registered or unregistered, regardless of the time acquired or the source from which derived) has
any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of
FINRA). The Company will advise the Representative and Winston if it learns that any officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial
owner (including the Insiders) is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering.

2.17.4 Share Ownership.
No officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered
securities is an owner of shares or other securities of any member of FINRA participating in the Offering (other than securities purchased
on the open market).

2.17.5 Loans. No officer
or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities
has made a subordinated loan to any member of FINRA participating in the Offering.

2.17.6 Proceeds of the Offering.
No proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities (excluding underwriting compensation) or the Placement Securities will be paid to any
FINRA member participating in the Offering, or any persons associated or affiliated with a member of FINRA participating in the Offering,
except as specifically authorized herein.

2.17.7 Conflicts of Interest.
To the Companys knowledge, except as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus , no
FINRA member intending to participate in the Offering has a conflict of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict
of interest exists when a member of FINRA and/or its associated persons, parent or affiliates in the aggregate beneficially own
10% or more of the Companys outstanding subordinated debt or common equity, or 10% or more of the Companys preferred equity.
Members participating in the Offering include managing agents, syndicate group members and all dealers which are members
of FINRA.

2.18 Taxes.

2.18.1 There are no transfer
taxes or other similar fees or charges under U.S. federal law or the laws of any U.S. state or any political subdivision of the United
States, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance or sale by the Company of
the Public Securities.

2.18.2 The Company has filed
all foreign, U.S. federal, state and local tax returns required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the date hereof in a timely
manner or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. The Company has paid all taxes shown as due on such returns that
were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on it and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, to the extent that any of
the foregoing is due and payable. The Company has made appropriate provisions in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section
2.5.1 above in respect of all federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise taxes for all current or prior periods as to
which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally determined.

11

2.19 Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act; Anti-Money Laundering; Patriot Act.

2.19.1 Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of the Insiders or any other person
acting on behalf of the Company has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal
price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier,
or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or
candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the
Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty
in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Effect,
or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business or operations of the Company. The Company has taken
reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects
with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

2.19.2 Currency and Foreign
Transactions Reporting Act. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with (i) the requirements
of the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Asset Control and (ii) applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements
of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, including the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, as amended,
the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar money laundering statutes, rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered
or enforced by any Federal governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding
by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering
Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened.

2.19.3 Patriot Act. Neither
the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any Insider has violated the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970,
as amended, or the Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA
PATRIOT) Act of 2001, and/or the rules and regulations promulgated under any such law, or any successor law.

2.20 Officers Certificate.
Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company in connection with the Offering and delivered to the Representative
or to Winston shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

2.21 Agreements With Insiders.

2.21.1 Insider Letter.
The Company has caused to be duly executed a legally binding and enforceable agreement (except (i) as such enforceability may be limited
by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification,
contribution or non-compete provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific
performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court
before which any proceeding therefor may be brought), a form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Insider
Letter), pursuant to which each of the Insiders of the Company and the Representative agree to certain matters. The Insider Letter
shall not be amended, modified or otherwise changed without the prior written consent of the Representative.

2.21.2 Private Placement
Units Purchase Agreement. The Sponsor has executed and delivered a Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, the form of which is
filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the
Sponsor will, among other things, on the Closing Date, consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the Placement Units
and the Option Placement Units as provided for in such Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Private Placement Units
Purchase Agreement, (i) the Sponsor has waived any and all rights and claims each may have to any proceeds, and any interest thereon,
held in the Trust Account in respect of the Placement Securities, and (ii) except as provided otherwise regarding the Option Placement
Units, the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Securities will be deposited by the Company in the Trust Account in accordance with
the terms of the Trust Agreement on the Closing Date as provided for in the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement.

12

2.21.3 Registration Rights
Agreement. The Company and the Initial Shareholders have entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (Registration Rights
Agreement) substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, whereby such parties will be entitled to
certain registration rights with respect to the securities they hold or may hold, as set forth in such Registration Rights Agreement and
described more fully in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.21.4 Loans. The Sponsor
has agreed to make loans to the Company in the aggregate amount of up to $500,000 (the Insider Loans) pursuant to a promissory
note substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The Insider Loans do not bear any interest and are repayable
by the Company on the earlier of February 28, 2025 or the consummation of the Offering.

2.22 Investment Management
Trust Agreement. The Company, VStock and Wilmington have entered into the Trust Agreement with respect to certain proceeds of the
Offering and the Unit Private Placement substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, pursuant to which
the funds held in the Trust Account may be released under limited circumstances. The Trust Agreement shall not be amended, modified, or
otherwise changed in any way that modifies the rights or obligations of the Company without the prior written consent of the Representative,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

2.23 Reserved.

2.24 Rights Agreement.
The Company has entered into a rights agreement with respect to the Rights with VStock substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to
the Registration Statement (the Rights Agreement).

2.25 No Existing Non-Competition
Agreements. No Insider is subject to any non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer
which could materially affect his ability to be an employee, officer and/or director of the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement.

2.26 Investments. No
more than 45% of the value (as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (Investment
Company Act)) of the Companys total assets consist of, and no more than 45% of the Companys net income after taxes
is derived from, securities other than Government Securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act)
or money market funds meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act.

2.27 Investment Company
Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the
net proceeds therefrom as described in the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus will not be required, to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act.

2.28 Subsidiaries.
The Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other business
entity.

2.29 Related Party Transactions.
No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and any Insider, on the other hand, which is
required by the Act, the Exchange Act or the Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the
Prospectus which is not so described as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses
in the ordinary course of business), or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors
of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus
and Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension of credit, or renewed an extension of credit,
in the form of a personal loan to or for any director or officer of the Company.

13

2.30 No Influence.
The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Firm Units to any person or entity with the intention of unlawfully
influencing: (a) a customer or supplier of the Company or any affiliate of the Company to alter the customers or suppliers
level or type of business with the Company or such affiliate or (b) a journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information
about the Company or any such affiliate.

2.31 Sarbanes-Oxley.
The Company is, or on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended,
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules or regulations promulgated by any governmental or self-regulatory
entity or agency, that are applicable to it as of the date hereof.

2.32 Distribution of Offering
Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date and the completion
of the distribution of the Units, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Units other than the Statutory
Prospectus and the Prospectus, in each case as supplemented and amended.

2.33 Nasdaq Stock Market.
The Public Securities have been authorized for listing, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution,
on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Nasdaq), and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely to adversely
affect such authorization.

2.34 Board of Directors.
As of the Effective Date, the Board of Directors of the Company will be comprised of the persons set forth as Directors
or Director nominees under the heading of the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus captioned Management.
As of the Effective Date, the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board will comply
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of the Nasdaq that are, in each case, applicable
to the Company. As of the Effective Date, the Company will have an Audit Committee that satisfies the applicable requirements under the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of the Nasdaq.

2.35 Emerging Growth Company.
From its formation through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section
2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

2.36 No Disqualification
Events. Neither the Company, nor any of its predecessors or any affiliated issuer, nor any director, executive officer, or other officer
of the Company participating in the Offering, nor any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity
securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Act) connected with
the Company in any capacity at the Applicable Time (each, a Company Covered Person and, together, Company Covered
Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the
Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has
exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied,
to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Underwriters a copy of any disclosures
provided thereunder.

2.37 Free-Writing Prospectus
and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free
writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as
defined in Rule 405. The Company: (a) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other than Testing-the-Waters Communications
with the consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the
Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Act and (b) has not authorized anyone to engage
in Testing-the-Waters Communications other than its officers and the Representative and individuals engaged by the Representative. The
Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule B hereto. Testing-the-Waters
Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Act.

2.38 Dividends and Distributions.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, under current laws and regulations of
the Cayman Islands and any political subdivision thereof, all dividends and other distributions declared and payable on the Securities
may be paid by the Company to the holder thereof in United States dollars and all such payments made to holders thereof or therein who
are non-residents of the Cayman Islands will not be subject to income, withholding or other taxes under laws and regulations of the Cayman
Islands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and will otherwise be free and clear of any other tax, duty,
withholding or deduction in the Cayman Islands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein and without the necessity
of obtaining any governmental authorization in the Cayman Islands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.

14

3. Covenants
of the Company.

The Company covenants and
agrees as follows:

3.1 Amendments to Registration
Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement,
any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and the Company shall not file any such amendment
or supplement to which the Representative reasonably objects in writing.

3.2 Federal Securities
Laws.

3.2.1 Compliance. During
the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act, the Company will use its best efforts to comply with all requirements
imposed upon it by the Act, the Regulations, and the Exchange Act, and by the regulations under the Exchange Act, as from time to time
in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Securities in accordance with the provisions hereof
and the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Securities is required to be delivered
under the Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters,
the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading,
or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the Act, the Company will notify the Representative
promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3.1 hereof, an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance
with Section 10 of the Act.

3.2.2 Filing of Final Prospectus.
The Company will file the Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) with the Commission pursuant to the requirements
of Rule 424 of the Regulations.

3.2.3 Exchange Act Registration.
The Company will use its best efforts to maintain the registration of the Public Securities under the provisions of the Exchange Act (except
in connection with a going-private transaction) for a period of five years from the Effective Date, or until the Company is required to
be liquidated or is acquired, if earlier. The Company will not deregister the Public Securities under the Exchange Act prior to its initial
Business Combination without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.2.4 Exchange Act Filings.
From the Effective Date until the earlier of the Companys initial Business Combination, or its liquidation and dissolution, the
Company shall timely file with the Commission via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR) such
statements and reports as are required to be filed by a company registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

3.2.5 Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.
As soon as it is legally required to do so, the Company shall take all actions necessary to obtain and thereafter maintain material compliance
with each applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar
rules and regulations promulgated by any other governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency with jurisdiction over the Company.

3.3 Free-Writing Prospectus.
The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus,
as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405.

3.4 Delivery to Underwriters
of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge and from time to time during the period when the Prospectus
is required to be delivered under the Act or the Exchange Act, such number of copies of each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus
as the Underwriters may reasonably request and, as soon as the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto becomes effective,
deliver to the Underwriters, upon their request, two manually executed Registration Statements, including exhibits, and all post-effective
amendments thereto and copies of all exhibits filed therewith or incorporated therein by reference and all manually executed consents
of certified experts.

15

3.5 Effectiveness and Events
Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain effective
and will notify the Representative immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement
or any post-effective amendment thereto or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or of the
initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any foreign or state securities commission
of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the
initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any
amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional
information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event that, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, makes any statement
of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration
Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, and in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. If the Commission or any foreign or state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at
any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

3.6 Affiliated Transactions.

3.6.1 Business Combinations.
The Company will not consummate a Business Combination with any entity that is affiliated with any Insider unless (i) the Company obtains
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the
Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view and (ii) a majority of the Companys disinterested and
independent directors (if there are any) approve such transaction.

3.6.2 Compensation to Insiders.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company shall not pay any of the Insiders
or any of their affiliates any fees or compensation from the Company, for services rendered to the Company prior to, or in connection
with, the consummation of a Business Combination.

3.7 Financial Public Relations
Firm. Promptly after the execution of a definitive agreement for a Business Combination, the Company shall retain a financial public
relations firm reasonably acceptable to the Representative for a term to be agreed on by the Company and the Representative.

3.8 Reports to the Representative.
For a period of five years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated or is
no longer required to file reports under the Exchange Act, the Company will furnish to the Representative and its counsel copies of such
financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally to holders of any class
of its securities, and promptly furnish to the Underwriters, (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company shall be required to file
with the Commission, (ii) a copy of every press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs that
was released by the Company, (iii) a copy of each current Report on Form 8-K or Schedule 13D, 13G, 14D-1 or 13E-4 received or prepared
by the Company, (iv) two (2) copies of each registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission under the Act, and (v) such
additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative
may from time to time reasonably request; provided the Representative shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant
confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Representative and its counsel in connection with the Representatives
receipt of such information. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to
the Representative pursuant to this Section.

3.9 Transfer Agent.
For a period of five years following the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated,
the Company shall retain a transfer agent and rights agent acceptable to the Representative. VStock is acceptable to the Representative.

16

3.10 Payment of Expenses.
The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the extent not paid at the Closing
Date, all Company expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including but not limited
to (i) the Companys legal and accounting fees and disbursements, (ii) the preparation, printing, filing, mailing and delivery (including
the payment of postage with respect to such mailing) of the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, including
any pre or post effective amendments or supplements thereto, and the printing and mailing of this Agreement and related documents, including
the cost of all copies thereof and any amendments thereof or supplements thereto supplied to the Underwriters in quantities as may be
required by the Underwriters, (iii) fees incurred in connection with conducting background checks of the Companys management team,
(iv) the preparation, printing, engraving, issuance and delivery of the Units, the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Rights included in
the Units, including any transfer or other taxes payable thereon, (v) filing fees incurred in registering the Offering with FINRA, (vi)
fees, costs and expenses incurred in listing the Securities on the Nasdaq or such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Underwriters
together determine, (vii) all fees and disbursements of the transfer agent and rights agent, (viii) all of the Companys expenses
associated with due diligence and road show meetings arranged by the Representative and any presentations
made available by way of a net roadshow, including without limitation trips for the Companys management to meet with prospective
investors, all travel, food and lodging expenses associated with such trips incurred by the Company or such management, (ix) the preparation,
binding and delivery of bound transaction bibles, in quantities and form and style reasonably satisfactory to the Representative
and Lucite cube mementos in such quantities as the Representative and the Company may mutually agree, and (x) all other costs and expenses
customarily borne by an issuer incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided
for in this Section 3.10 Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the expenses to be paid by the Company pursuant
to this Section 3.10 shall in no event exceed $100,000. If the Offering is not consummated for any reason (other than a breach
by the Representative of any of its obligations hereunder), then the Company shall reimburse the Representative in full for its out-of-pocket
accountable expenses actually incurred through such date, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel
to the Representative.

3.11 Application of Net
Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering and Unit Private Placement and received by it in a manner consistent
with the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

3.12 Delivery of Earnings
Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not
later than the first day of the fifteenth full calendar month following the Effective Date, an earnings statement (which need not be certified
by independent public or independent certified public accountants unless required by the Act or the Regulations, but which shall satisfy
the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive months beginning after
the Effective Date.

3.13 Notice to FINRA.

3.13.1 Notice to FINRA.
For a period of sixty (60) days after the date of the Prospectus, in the event any person or entity (regardless of any FINRA affiliation
or association) is engaged, in writing, to assist the Company in its search for a Target Business or to provide any other services in
connection therewith, the Company will provide the following to FINRA and the Representative prior to the consummation of a Business Combination:
(i) complete details of all services and copies of agreements governing such services; and (ii) justification as to why the person or
entity providing the merger and acquisition services should not be considered an underwriter and related person with respect
to the Offering, as such term is defined in Rule 5110 of the FINRA Manual. The Company also agrees that, if required by law, proper disclosure
of such arrangement or potential arrangement will be made in the tender offer documents or proxy statement which the Company will file
with the Commission in connection with a Business Combination.

3.13.2 FINRA. The Company
shall advise the Representative (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any 10% or greater stockholder of
the Company becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the distribution of the Public Securities.

3.13.3 Broker/Dealer.
In the event the Company intends to register as a broker/dealer, merge with or acquire a registered broker/dealer, or otherwise become
a member of FINRA, it shall promptly notify FINRA.

17

3.14 Stabilization.
Neither the Company, nor to its knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, any of its employees, directors or stockholders (without the consent
of the Representative) has taken and the Company will not take, and has directed its employees, directors and stockholders not to take,
directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under
the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale
of the Units.

3.15 Intentionally Omitted.

3.16 Payment of Deferred
Underwriting Commission on Business Combination. Upon the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination, the Company
agrees that it will cause the Trustee to pay the Deferred Underwriting Commission directly from the Trust Account to the Underwriters,
in accordance with Section 1.3. The Underwriters shall have no claim to payment of any interest earned on the portion of the proceeds
held in the Trust Account representing the Deferred Underwriting Commission.

3.17 Internal Controls.
The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (i) transactions are
executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in order
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access to assets
is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets
is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.18 Accountants. Until
the earlier of the completion of the initial Business Combination or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be
liquidated, the Company shall retain MB or another independent registered public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Representative.

3.19 Form 8-K. The
Company shall, on or prior to the date hereof, retain its independent registered public accounting firm to audit the balance sheet of
the Company as of the Closing Date (Audited Financial Statements) reflecting the receipt by the Company of the proceeds
of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement. Within four (4) Business Days after the Closing Date, the Company shall file a Current
Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which Report shall contain the Companys Audited Financial Statements. Promptly after the
Option Closing Date, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised after the Closing Date, the Company shall file with the Commission a Current
Report on Form 8-K or an amendment to the Form 8-K to provide updated financial information to reflect the exercise of such option.

3.20 Corporate Proceedings.
All corporate proceedings and other legal matters necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby shall have been done to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representative (or its counsel).

3.21 Investment Company.
The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering to be held in the Trust Account to be invested only as provided for in the Trust
Agreement and disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company will otherwise conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become subject
to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates a Business Combination, it shall be engaged in a business other
than that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading securities.

3.22 Amendments to Memorandum
and Articles. The Company covenants and agrees, that prior to its initial Business Combination it will not seek to amend or modify
its Memorandum and Articles, except as set forth therein. The Company acknowledges that the purchasers of the Public Securities in the
Offering shall be deemed to be third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and specifically this Section 3.22.

3.23 Press Releases.
The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives prior written
consent (not to be unreasonably withheld), for a period of twenty-five (25) days after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in no event shall the Company be prohibited from issuing any press releases or engaging in any other publicity required by law, except
that including the name of any Underwriter therein shall require the prior written consent of such Underwriter.

18

3.24 Insurance. Until
the earlier of the completion of the initial Business Combination or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be
liquidated, the Company will maintain directors and officers insurance (including, without limitation, insurance covering
the Company, its directors and officers for liabilities or losses arising in connection with this Offering, including, without limitation,
liabilities or losses arising under the Act, the Exchange Act, the Regulations and any applicable foreign securities laws).

3.25 Electronic Prospectus.
The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Underwriters, at the Companys expense, promptly, but in no event later
than one (1) Business Days from the effective date of this Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus to be used by the Underwriters in connection
with the Offering. As used herein, the term Electronic Prospectus means a form of prospectus, and any amendment or supplement
thereto, that meets each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative,
that may be transmitted electronically by the Underwriters to offerees and purchasers of the Units for at least the period during which
a prospectus relating to the Units is required to be delivered under the Act; (ii) it shall disclose the same information as the paper
prospectus and prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent that graphic and image material cannot be disseminated electronically,
in which case such graphic and image material shall be replaced in the electronic prospectus with a fair and accurate narrative description
or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate; and (iii) it shall be in or convertible into a paper format or an electronic
format, satisfactory to the Representative, that will allow recipients thereof to store and have continuously ready access to the prospectus
at any future time, without charge to such recipients (other than any fee charged for subscription to the Internet as a whole and for
on-line time).

3.26 Private Placement
Proceeds. On the Closing Date, the Company shall cause to be deposited $4,000,000 of proceeds from the Unit Private Placement into
the Trust Account, or such other amount such that the amount of the funds in the Trust Account shall be $10.05 per Public Share sold in
the Offering. On the Option Closing Date, if any, the Company shall cause to be deposited an amount of additional proceeds from the Option
Placement Units sold on the Option Closing Date into the Trust Account such that the amount of funds in the Trust Account shall be $10.05
per Public Share sold in the Offering.

3.27 Future Financings.
The Company agrees that neither it, nor any successor or subsidiary of the Company, will consummate any public or private equity or debt
financing prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, unless all investors in such financing expressly waive, in writing, any
rights in or claims against the Trust Account.

3.28 Amendments to Agreements.
The Company shall not amend, modify or otherwise change the Trust Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Rights Agreement,
the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement or the Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representative which will
not be unreasonably withheld. Furthermore, the Trust Agreement shall provide that the trustee is required to obtain a joint written instruction
signed by both the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account from the Trust Account,
prior to commencing any liquidation of the assets of the Trust Account in connection with the consummation of any Business Combination,
and such provision of the Trust Agreement shall not be permitted to be amended without the prior written consent of the Representative.

3.29 Nasdaq. Until
the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to maintain the listing of the Public Securities on
the Nasdaq or a national securities exchange acceptable to the Representative.

3.30 Reservation of Shares.
The Company will reserve and keep available (i) that maximum number of its authorized but unissued securities which are issuable upon
exchange of the Rights.

3.31 Notice of Disqualification
Events. The Company will notify the Underwriters in writing, prior to the Closing Date, of (i) any Disqualification Event relating
to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any
Company Covered Person.

3.32 Disqualification of
S-1. Until seven years from the date hereof, the Company will not take any action or actions that prevent or disqualify the Companys
use of Form S-1 (or other appropriate form) for the registration of the Ordinary Shares (including the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exchange
of the Rights) under the Act.

19

3.33 Emerging Growth Company
Status. The Company will promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior
to the earlier of five years after the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination, or the liquidation of the Trust
Account if a Business Combination is not consummated as required by its Memorandum and Articles (the Termination Date).

3.34 Review of Financial
Statements. Until the earlier of the completion of the initial Business Combination or until such earlier time upon which the Company
is required to be liquidated, the Company, at its expense, shall cause its regularly engaged independent certified public accountants
to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements for each of the first three fiscal quarters prior to the announcement
of quarterly financial information and the filing of the Companys Form 10-Q quarterly report.

3.35 Business Combination
Matters.

3.35.1 Assignment and Assumption
of Indemnification. The Company shall include in the definitive agreement with respect to the
initial Business Combination (the Business Combination Agreement ) (i) a covenant for the assignment and assumption, by
the public entity resulting from the initial Business Combination, of all of the Companys indemnification obligations under Section
5 hereof and (ii) that the Underwriters may rely on the representations and warranties contained therein as if they were a party thereto.

3.35.2 Business Combination
Announcement. In the event that the Company desires or is required by an applicable law or regulation
to cause an announcement (the Business Combination Announcement) to be placed in The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times
or any other news or media publication or outlet or to be made via a public filing or submission with the Commission announcing the consummation
of the Business Combination that indicates that the Underwriters were the underwriters in the Offering, the Company shall supply the Representative
with a draft of the Business Combination Announcement and provide the Representative with a reasonable advance opportunity to comment
thereon, subject to the agreement of the Underwriters to keep confidential such draft announcement in accordance with the Representatives
standard policies regarding confidential information.

4. Conditions
of Underwriters Obligations.

The obligations of the Underwriters
to purchase and pay for the Units, as provided herein, shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties
of the Company as of the date hereof and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the accuracy of the statements
of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof and to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and
to the following conditions:

4.1 Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1 Effectiveness of Registration
Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective not later than 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the date of this Agreement
or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative, and, at each of the Closing Date and the Option
Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for the
purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or contemplated by the Commission and any request on the part of the Commission
for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of Winston.

4.1.2 FINRA Clearance.
By the Effective Date, the Underwriters shall have received clearance from FINRA as to the amount of compensation allowable or payable
to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

4.1.3 No Commission Stop
Order. At the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, the Commission has not issued any order or threatened to issue any order
preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof, and has not instituted or, to the
Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

20

4.1.4 Nasdaq. The Public
Securities shall have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution,
satisfactory evidence of which shall have been provided to the Representative.

4.2 Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1 Closing Date and Option
Closing Date Opinions of Counsel. On the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received
the favorable opinions and negative assurance statements of each of Loeb & Loeb LLP and Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, dated the
Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters
and in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative and Winston.

4.2.2 Reliance. In rendering
such opinions, such counsels may rely as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written statements
of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence
or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements or certificates shall be delivered to the Representatives
counsel if requested.

4.3 Comfort Letter.
At the time this Agreement is executed, and at the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received
a letter, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory in all
respects (including the non-material nature of the changes or decreases, if any, referred to in Section 4.3.3 below) to the Representative
from MB dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any:

4.3.1 Confirming that they are
independent accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Act and the applicable Regulations and that they have not,
during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, Statutory Prospectus
and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act;

4.3.2 Stating that in their
opinion the financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus comply
as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the published Regulations thereunder;

4.3.3 Stating that, on the basis
of their review, which included a reading of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements of the Company (with an indication
of the date of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements), a reading of the latest available minutes of the stockholders
and Board of Directors and the various committees of the Board of Directors, consultations with officers and other employees of the Company
responsible for financial and accounting matters and other specified procedures and inquiries, nothing has come to their attention that
would lead them to believe that (a) the unaudited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory
Prospectus and the Prospectus do not comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act
and the Regulations or are not fairly presented in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis substantially consistent with that of the audited
financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, or (b) at a date
immediately prior to the Effective Date, Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any change in the share capital
or long-term debt of the Company, or any decrease in the stockholders equity of the Company as compared with amounts shown in the
June 30, 2024 balance sheet included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, other than as set forth
in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus or, if there was any decrease, setting forth
the amount of such decrease, and (c) during the period from May 23, 2024, to a specified date immediately prior to the Effective Date,
Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there were any changes in revenues, net earnings (losses) or net earnings (losses)
per Ordinary Share, in each case as compared with the Statement of Operations from May 23, 2024 (inception) through June 30, 2024, included
in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, or, if there was any such change, setting forth the amount
of such change;

4.3.4 Setting forth, at a date
not later than five days prior to the Effective Date, the amount of liabilities of the Company (including a break-down of commercial papers
and notes payable to banks);

21

4.3.5 Stating that they have
compared specific dollar amounts, numbers of shares, percentages of revenues and earnings, statements and other financial information
pertaining to the Company set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus in each case to the extent
that such amounts, numbers, percentages, statements and information may be derived from the general accounting records, including work
sheets, of the Company and excluding any questions requiring an interpretation by legal counsel, with the results obtained from the application
of specified readings, inquiries and other appropriate procedures (which procedures do not constitute an examination in accordance with
generally accepted auditing standards) set forth in the letter and found them to be in agreement;

4.3.6 Stating that they have
not, since the Companys incorporation, brought to the attention of the Companys management any reportable condition related
to internal structure, design or operation as defined in the Statement on Auditing Standards No. 60 Communication of Internal Control
Structure Related Matters Noted in an Audit, in the Companys internal controls; and

4.3.7 Statements as to such
other matters incident to the transaction contemplated hereby as the Representative or its counsel may reasonably request, including:
(i) that MB is registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; (ii) that MB has sufficient assets and insurance to pay
for any liability incurred by it relating to providing the letter; and (iii) that MB is not insolvent.

4.4 Officers Certificates.

4.4.1 Officers Certificate.
At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed
by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer and the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company (in their capacities
as such), dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively, to the effect that the Company has performed
all covenants and complied with all conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Company prior to and
as of the Closing Date, or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and that the conditions set forth in Section 4 hereof have
been satisfied as of such date and that, as of Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the representations and warranties
of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof are true and correct. In addition, the Representative will have received such other
and further certificates of officers of the Company (in their capacities as such) as the Representative may reasonably request.

4.4.2 Secretarys Certificate.
At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed
by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Date, as the case may be, respectively, certifying
(i) that the Memorandum and Articles are true and complete, have not been modified and are in full force and effect, (ii) that the resolutions
of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the public offering contemplated by this Agreement are in full force and effect
and have not been modified, (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the
Commission, (iv) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Nasdaq and (v) as
to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.5 No Material Changes.
Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, (i) there shall have been no material adverse change or
development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise,
of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (ii) no
action suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by
any court or federal, foreign or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding
may materially adversely affect the business, operations, or financial condition or income of the Company, except as set forth in the
Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Act and no proceedings therefor shall
have been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, assuming reasonable inquiry, threatened by the Commission, and (iv) the Registration
Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements
which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the
requirements of the Act and the Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus nor the Prospectus nor any
amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

22

4.6 Delivery of Agreements.
On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Transaction Documents.

4.7 Placement Units.
On the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Placement Units and Option Placement Units have been purchased as
provided for in the Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement and the requisite portion of the purchase price for such securities specified
herein and therein shall be deposited into the Trust Account.

5. Indemnification
and Contribution.

5.1 Indemnification.

5.1.1 Indemnification of
the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and their respective partners,
members, directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls each Underwriter or any affiliate within the
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act as follows:

(a) against any and all loss,
liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or the omission or alleged omission
therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or arising out
of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, Statutory Prospectus, any
Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), or the omission or alleged omission
therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading;

(b) against any and all loss,
liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement
of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever
based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that such settlement is effected
with the written consent of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be delayed, conditioned or withheld; and

(c) against any and all expense
whatsoever, as reasonably incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel), in investigating, preparing or defending against
any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based
upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission (whether or not a party), to the extent that
any such expense is not paid under (a) or (b) above; provided, however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to
any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement
or omission made solely in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information.

5.1.2 Indemnification of
the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company,
and its directors, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company
within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim,
damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in Section 5.1.1, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements
or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Statutory
Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), solely in reliance
upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information.

23

5.1.3 Notifications and Other
Indemnification Procedures. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 5.1 will, promptly
after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying
party or parties under this Section 5.1, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy
of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any liability
that it might have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 5.1 and (ii) any liability that it may have to any
indemnified party under the foregoing provision of this Section 5.1 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results
in the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified party
and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent
that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action
from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of, the action, with counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election
to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any other legal expenses except as provided
below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense.
The indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such
counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (A) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been authorized
in writing by the indemnifying party, (B) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel) that there may be
legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying
party, (C) a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified party
and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf
of the indemnified party) or (D) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of such action or counsel
reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, in each case, within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of
the action; in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense of the indemnifying
party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings
in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one separate firm admitted to
practice in such jurisdiction (plus local counsel) at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All such fees, disbursements
and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly as they are incurred. An indemnifying party will not, in any event,
be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior
written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim,
action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 5 (whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto),
unless such settlement, compromise or consent (x) includes an express and unconditional release of each indemnified party, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party, from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding
or claim and (y) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified
party.

5.1.4 Settlement Without
Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party
for reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated
by Section 5.1.1(b) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt
by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement
at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified
party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

24

5.2 Contribution. In
order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs
of Section 5.1 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable or insufficient from the
Company or the Underwriters, the Company and the Underwriters will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages
(including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any
action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted) to which any indemnified party may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate
to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand. The relative benefits
received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total
net proceeds from the sale of the Units (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total compensation received by
the Underwriters (before deducting expenses) from the sale of Units on behalf of the Company. If, but only if, the allocation provided
by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one
hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omission that resulted in such loss, claim, liability,
expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such offering.
Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material
fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters, the
intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.
The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.2 were
to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or
action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.2 shall be deemed to include, for the purpose of this Section
5.2, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such
action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 5.1.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 5.1 and
this Section 5.2, the Underwriters shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions actually received
by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities
Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section
5.2, any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Securities Act, any affiliates of the respective
Underwriters and any officers, directors, partners, employees or agents of the Underwriters or their respective affiliates, will have
the same rights to contribution as that party, and each director of the Company and each officer of the Company who signed the Registration
Statement will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled
to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution
may be made under this Section 5.2, will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission
to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it or they may have
under this Section 5.2 except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced the substantive
rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the last sentence of
Section 5.1.3, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its written consent
if such consent is required pursuant to Section 5.1.3.

6. Default
by an Underwriter.

6.1 Default Not Exceeding
10% of Firm Units. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase the Firm Units and if
the number of the Firm Units with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Units
that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Units to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting
Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2 Default Exceeding 10%
of Firm Units. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 above relates to more than 10% of the Firm Units, the
Representative may, in its discretion, arrange for it or for another party or parties to purchase such Firm Units to which such default
relates on the terms contained herein. If within one (1) Business Day after such default relating to more than 10% of the Firm Units the
Representative do not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Units, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business
Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to the Representative to purchase said Firm Units on such terms. In
the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Units to which a default relates as provided
in this Section 6, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representative or the Company without liability on the part of the Company
(except as provided in Sections 3.10, 5, and 9.3 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except as provided in Section
5 hereof); provided that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other several Underwriters
and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

25

6.3 Postponement of Closing
Date. In the event that the Firm Units to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters, or are
to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing
Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby be
made necessary in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, or in any other documents and arrangements, and
the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to, or to supplement, the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case
may be, that in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter
as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been
a party to this Agreement with respect to such securities.

7. Additional
Covenants.

7.1 Additional Shares or
Options. The Company hereby agrees that until the consummation of a Business Combination, it shall not issue any Ordinary Shares or
any options or other securities convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any preferred shares or other securities of the Company which participate
in any manner in the Trust Account or which vote as a class with the Ordinary Shares on a Business Combination.

7.2 Trust Account Waiver
Acknowledgments. The Company hereby agrees that it will use its reasonable best efforts prior to commencing its due diligence investigation
of any prospective Target Business or obtaining the services of any vendor to have such Target Business and/or vendor acknowledge in writing
whether through a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or other similar document (and subsequently acknowledges the same in any
definitive document replacing any of the foregoing), that (a) it has read the Prospectus and understands that the Company has established
the Trust Account, initially in an amount of $201,000,000 (without giving effect to any exercise of the Over-allotment Option) for the
benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the
Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem Ordinary Shares
contained in the Units in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails
to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Memorandum and Articles, or (iii) to the Company after or
concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination and (b) for and in consideration of the Company (i) agreeing to evaluate
such Target Business for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it or (ii) agreeing to engage the services of the vendor,
as the case may be, such Target Business or vendor agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any monies in the Trust Account (Claim) and waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out
of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.
The foregoing letters shall substantially be in the form attached hereto as Exhibits A and B respectively. The Company may forego obtaining
such waivers only if the Company shall have received the approval of its Chief Executive Officer and the approving vote of at least a
majority of its Board of Directors.

7.3 Insider Letter.
The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action which would cause a breach of the Insider Letter and will not allow any
amendments to, or waivers of, such Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representative, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld.

7.4 Rule 419. The Company
agrees that it will use its best efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule 419 under the Act prior to the consummation
of any Business Combination, including but not limited to using its best efforts to prevent any of the Companys outstanding securities
from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in Rule 3a-51-1 under the Exchange Act during such period.

7.5 Tender Offer Documents,
Proxy Materials and Other Information. The Company shall provide to the Representative or its counsel (if so instructed by the Representative)
with 10 copies of all tender offer documents or proxy information and all related material filed with the Commission in connection with
a Business Combination concurrently with such filing with the Commission. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system
shall be deemed to have been provided to the Representative pursuant to this Section. In addition, the Company shall furnish any other
state in which its initial public offering was registered, such information as may be requested by such state.

7.6 Emerging Growth Company.
The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the completion
of the distribution of the Securities within the meaning of the Act.

26

7.7 Target Fair Market
Value. The Company agrees that the Target Business that it acquires must have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance
in the Trust Account at the time of signing the definitive agreement for the Business Combination with such Target Business (excluding
taxes payable and the Deferred Underwriting Commissions). The fair market value of such business must be determined by the Board of Directors
of the Company based upon standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash
flow and book value. If the Board of Directors of the Company is not able to independently determine that the target business meets such
fair market value requirement, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity
that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. The Company is not required to obtain an opinion
as to the fair market value if the Companys Board of Directors independently determines that the Target Business does have sufficient
fair market value.

8. Representations
and Agreements to Survive Delivery.

Except as the context otherwise
requires, all representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to be representations, warranties
and agreements as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, and such representations, warranties and agreements of the Underwriters
and the Company, including the indemnity agreements contained in Section 5 hereof, shall remain operative and in full force and
effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Underwriters, the Company or any Controlling Person, and shall survive
termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery of the Public Securities to the Underwriters until the earlier of the expiration
of any applicable statute of limitations and the seventh (7th) anniversary of the later of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date,
if any, at which time the representations, warranties and agreements shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

9. Effective
Date of This Agreement and Termination Thereof.

9.1 Effective Date.
This Agreement shall become effective on the Effective Date at the time the Registration Statement is declared effective by the Commission.

9.2 Termination. The
Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or international
event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will in the immediate future materially
disrupt, general securities markets in the United States, or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq
Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the Nasdaq Capital Market or quoted on the OTCBB shall have been suspended, or minimum
or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges
for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction,
or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in existing major hostilities, or (iv) if a banking
moratorium has been declared by a New York State or Federal authority, or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared
which materially adversely impacts the United States securities market, or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by
fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall
have been insured, will, in the Representatives sole opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Units, or
(vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder, or (viii) if the Representative
shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions of the Company, or such adverse material
change in general market conditions, including without limitation as a result of terrorist activities after the date hereof, as in the
Representatives sole judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Units or to
enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities.

9.3 Expenses. In the
event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof
pursuant to the terms herein, (i) the obligations of the Company to pay the out of pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated
herein shall be governed by Section 3.10 hereof and (ii) the Company shall reimburse the Representative for any costs and expenses
incurred in connection with enforcing any provisions of this Agreement.

9.4 Indemnification.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether
or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall not be in any way affected by such election or
termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

27

10. Miscellaneous.

10.1 Notices. All communications
hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed, delivered by hand or reputable overnight
courier or delivered by facsimile transmission (with printed confirmation of receipt) and confirmed and shall be deemed given when so
mailed, delivered or faxed or if mailed, two days after such mailing.

If to the Representative:

Clear Street LLC

4 World Trade Center

150 Greenwich St., Floor 45

New York, NY 10007

Attn: Ryan Gerety

Email: rgerety@clearstreet.io

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice)
to:

Winston & Strawn LLP

800 Capitol St. STE 2400

Houston, TX 77002

Attn: Michael J. Blankenship

Email: MBlankenship@winston.com

If to the Company:

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Attn: Lynn Stockwell

Telephone: (954) 870-3099

Email: lynndarlenepelican@gmail.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice)
to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

Attn: Mitchell S. Nussbaum

Telephone: (212) 407-4000

Email: mnussbaum@loeb.com

10.2 Headings. The
headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or
interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

10.3 Amendment. This
Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

10.4 Entire Agreement.
This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement) constitute
the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

10.5 Binding Effect.
This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the Selected Dealers,
the Company and the Controlling Persons, directors, agents, partners, members, employees and officers referred to in Section 5
hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any
legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The
term successors and assigns shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from the Underwriters.

28

10.6 Waiver of Immunity.
To the extent that the Company may be entitled in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings may at any time be commenced hereunder,
to claim for itself or its revenues or assets any immunity, including sovereign immunity, from suit, jurisdiction, attachment in aid of
execution of a judgment or prior to a judgment, execution of a judgment or any other legal process with respect to its obligations hereunder
and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed to the Company such an immunity (whether or not claimed), the
Company hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the maximum extent permitted by law.

10.7 Submission to Jurisdiction.
Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably submit to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or United States
Federal court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus or the offering of the Securities. Each of the
Company and the Representative irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that they may now or hereafter
have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such suit, action or
proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company
or the Representative may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 10.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall
be legal and binding upon the Company or the Representative in any action, proceeding or claim. Each of the Company and the Representative
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction with respect thereto.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action based on this Agreement may be instituted by the Underwriters in any competent court. The Company
agrees that the Underwriters shall be entitled to recover all of their reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to any action
or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor if any of them are the prevailing party in such action or proceeding.

10.8 Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect
to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.

10.9 Execution in Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective
when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery
of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

29

10.10 Waiver. The failure
of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to be a waiver
of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of any of the parties
hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment of
any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties against
whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall be construed
or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

10.11 No Fiduciary Relationship.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purchase and sale of the Units pursuant to this Agreement is an arms-length commercial
transaction pursuant to a contractual relationship between the Company and the Underwriters, (ii) in connection therewith and with the
process leading to such transaction, each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of the Company, (iii)
the Underwriters have not assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering contemplated
hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Underwriters have advised or are currently advising the Company on
other matters) or any other obligation to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (iv) in no event do
the parties intend that the Underwriters act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the Company, its management, stockholders, creditors
or any other person in connection with any activity that the Underwriters may undertake or have undertaken in furtherance of this offering
of the Companys securities, either before or after the date hereof and (v) the Company has consulted its own legal and financial
advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or similar obligations to the Company,
either in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions, and the Company
hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Underwriters have rendered
advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such transaction or
the process leading thereto. The Company and the Underwriters agree that they are each responsible for making their own independent judgment
with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views expressed by the Underwriters to the Company regarding such transactions,
including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the price or market for the Companys securities, do not constitute
advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that
the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

30

If the foregoing correctly
sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose,
whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours, 

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell 

Name: Lynn Stockwell 

Title: Executive Chair 

Accepted on the date first above written. 

CLEAR STREET LLC, 

as Represented of the several Underwriters 

By: /s/ Ryan Gerety 

Name: Ryan Gerety 

Title: Managing Director 

[Signature page to Underwriting Agreement]

SCHEDULE A

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

20,000,000 Units

Underwriter Number of

Firm Units

to be

Purchased 

Clear Street LLC 20,000,000 

TOTAL 20,000,000 

Sch A-1

SCHEDULE B

None.

Sch B-1

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF TARGET BUSINESS LETTER

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final
Prospectus of Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp. (the Company), dated as of [_], 2024 (the Prospectus).
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus
and understand that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of at least $201,000,000 for the benefit of
the Public Shareholders and the Underwriters of the Companys initial public offering (the Underwriters) and that,
except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account
only: (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem their public shares in connection with the consummation of a Business
Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period
set forth in its Memorandum and Articles of Association as the same may be amended from time to time, or (iii) to the Company after or
concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of
the Company agreeing to evaluate the undersigned for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it, the undersigned hereby agrees
that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (each, a Claim)
and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with
the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

Print Name of Target Business

Authorized Signature of Target Business

Ex A-1

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF VENDOR LETTER

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final
Prospectus of Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp. (the Company), dated as of [_], 2024 (the Prospectus).
Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus
and understand that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of at least $201,000,000 for the benefit of
the Public Shareholders and the Underwriters of the Companys initial public offering (the Underwriters) and that,
except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account
only: (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem their public shares in connection with the consummation of a Business
Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period
set forth in its Memorandum and Articles of Association as the same may be amended from time to time, or (iii) to the Company after or
concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of
the Company agreeing to engage the services of the undersigned, the undersigned hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (each, a Claim) and hereby waives any Claim it may
have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust
Account for any reason whatsoever.

Print Name of Vendor

Authorized Signature of Vendor

Ex B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea022913501ex3-1_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

Registrar of Companies

Government Administration Building

133 Elgin Avenue

George Town

Grand Cayman

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp. (ROC #410270) (the
Company)

TAKE NOTICE that by written resolution of the
sole shareholder of the Company dated 7 January 2025 and effective on 7 January 2025, the following special resolution was passed:

1 Adoption of Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association

It is resolved as a special
resolution that, with effect from the effective time and date of the Companys Registration Statement on Form 8-A as filed with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company currently in
effect be amended and restated by the deletion in their entirety and the substitution in their place of the Second Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association annexed hereto.

/s/ Ashley Jervis 

Ashley Jervis 

Corporate Administrator 

for and on behalf of 

Maples Corporate Services Limited 

Dated this 8th day of January 2025

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS
REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES
OF ASSOCIATION

OF

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA
ACQUISITION CORP.

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION
DATED 7 JANUARY 2025 AND EFFECTIVE ON 

7 JANUARY 2025)

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS
REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION

OF

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA
ACQUISITION CORP.

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION
DATED 7 JANUARY 2025 AND EFFECTIVE ON

7 JANUARY
2025)

1 The name of the Company is Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

2 The Registered Office
of the Company shall be at the offices of Maples Corporate Services Limited, PO Box 309,
Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, or at such other place within the Cayman
Islands as the Directors may decide.

3 The objects for which the Company is established
are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power and authority to carry out any object
not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman Islands.

4 The liability of each Member is limited to the amount unpaid on such
Members shares.

5 The share capital of the Company is US$22,100
divided into 220,000,000 ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each and 1,000,000 preference
shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each.

6 The Company has power
to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the laws of
any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

7 Capitalised terms
that are not defined in this Second Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association bear the
respective meanings given to them in the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Association
of the Company.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

THE COMPANIES ACT (AS
REVISED)

OF THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

OF

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA
ACQUISITION CORP.

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION
DATED 7 JANUARY 2025 AND EFFECTIVE ON

7 JANUARY
2025)

1 Interpretation

1.1 In
the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply and, unless there
is something in the subject or context inconsistent therewith:

Affiliate in respect of a person, means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such persons spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption or anyone residing in such persons home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such entity.

Applicable Law means, with respect to any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

Articles means these second amended and restated articles of association of the Company.

Audit Committee means the audit committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Auditor means the person for the time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any).

Business Combination means a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one or more businesses or entities (the target business), which Business Combination: (a) as long as the securities of the Company are listed on a Designated Stock Exchange, must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the definitive agreement to enter into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

business day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City.

Clearing House means a clearing house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction.

Company means the above named company.

Companys Website means the website of the Company and/or its web-address or domain name (if any).

Compensation Committee means the compensation committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

2 

Deadline Date has the meaning ascribed to it at Article 48.7.

Designated Stock Exchange means any United States national securities exchange or automated system on which the securities of the Company are listed for trading, including The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, The New York Stock Exchange or any over-the-counter (OTC) market.

Directors means the directors for the time being of the Company.

Dividend means any dividend (whether interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles.

Electronic Communication means a communication sent by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Companys Website, transmission to any number, address or internet website (including the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided and approved by the Directors.

Electronic Record has the same meaning as in the Electronic Transactions Act.

Electronic Transactions Act means the Electronic Transactions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Equity-linked Securities means any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Ordinary Shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with a Business Combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt.

Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

Founders means the Sponsor and all Members immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO.

Independent Director has the same meaning as in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

3 

IPO means the Companys initial public offering of securities.

Member has the same meaning as in the Statute.

Memorandum means the second amended and restated memorandum of association of the Company.

Officer means a person appointed to hold an office in the Company.

Ordinary Resolution means a resolution passed by a simple majority of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting, and includes a unanimous written resolution. In computing the majority when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled by the Articles.

Ordinary Share means an ordinary share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Over-Allotment Option means the option of the Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15% of the firm units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO at a price equal to US$10 per unit, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

Preference Share means a preference share of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Public Share means an Ordinary Share issued as part of the units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO.

Redemption Notice means a notice in a form approved by the Company by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares, subject to any conditions contained therein.

Register of Members means the register of Members maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register of Members.

Registered Office means the registered office for the time being of the Company.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

4 

Representative means a representative of the Underwriters.

Seal means the common seal of the Company and includes every duplicate seal.

Securities and Exchange Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Share means an Ordinary Share or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company.

Special Resolution has the same meaning as in the Statute, and includes a unanimous written resolution.

Sponsor means Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its successors or assigns.

Statute means the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Tax Filing Authorised Person means such person as any Director shall designate from time to time, acting severally.

Treasury Share means a Share held in the name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute.

Trust Account means the trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of the IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of securities simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO or otherwise, will be deposited.

Underwriter means an underwriter of the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter.

1.2 In the Articles:

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and
vice versa;

(b) words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender;

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

5 

(c) words importing persons include corporations as well as any other
legal or natural person;

(d) written and in writing
include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the
form of an Electronic Record;

(e) shall shall be construed as imperative and may
shall be construed as permissive;

(f) references to provisions of any law
or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified,
re-enacted or replaced;

(g) any phrase introduced
by the terms including, include, in particular or any
similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the
words preceding those terms;

(h) the term and/or
is used to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or
in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and
or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive
and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each
case, unless the context otherwise requires);

(i) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in
construing the Articles;

(j) any requirements as to delivery under
the Articles include delivery in the form of an Electronic Record;

(k) any requirements
as to execution or signature under the Articles including the execution of the Articles themselves
can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in the Electronic Transactions
Act;

(l) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not
apply;

(m) the term clear
days in relation to the period of a notice means that period excluding the day when
the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is given or on which
it is to take effect; and

(n) the term holder in relation
to a Share means a person whose name is entered in the Register of Members as the holder
of such Share.

2 Commencement of Business

2.1 The
business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the Company as the
Directors shall see fit.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

6 

2.2 The
Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred
in or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration.

3 Issue of Shares and other Securities

3.1 Subject
to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by the
Company in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without prejudice to any rights attached
to any existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose
of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with or without preferred, deferred or other rights
or restrictions, whether in regard to Dividends or other distributions, voting, return of
capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think
proper, and may also (subject to the Statute and the Articles) vary such rights.

3.2 The
Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar
nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive
any class of Shares or other securities in the Company on such terms as the Directors may
from time to time determine.

3.3 The
Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of whole or
fractional Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar
nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive
any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors
may from time to time determine. The securities comprising any such units which are issued
pursuant to the IPO can only be traded separately from one another on the 52nd day following
the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO unless the Representative(s) determines that
an earlier date is acceptable, subject to the Company having filed a current report on Form
8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission and a press release announcing when such
separate trading will begin. Prior to such date, the units can be traded, but the securities
comprising such units cannot be traded separately from one another.

3.4 The Company shall not issue Shares
to bearer.

4 Register of Members

4.1 The
Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with
the Statute.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

7 

4.2 The
Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members
in accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members
shall constitute the principal register and which shall constitute the branch register or
registers, and to vary such determination from time to time.

5 Closing Register of Members
or Fixing Record Date

5.1 For
the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members
or any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other
distribution, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose, the Directors
may, after notice has been given by advertisement in an appointed newspaper or any other
newspaper or by any other means in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, provide that the Register of Members shall be
closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty days.

5.2 In
lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance
or arrears a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice
of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members or any adjournment thereof, or for the purpose
of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution,
or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose.

5.3 If
the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination
of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled
to receive payment of a Dividend or other distribution, the date on which notice of the meeting
is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors resolving to pay such Dividend
or other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination
of Members. When a determination of Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has
been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment
thereof.

6 Certificates for Shares

6.1 A
Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share
certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in
such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates shall be signed by one or more
Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates
to be issued with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates
for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified and shall specify the
Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall
be cancelled and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former
certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares shall have been surrendered and
cancelled.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

8 

6.2 The
Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by
more than one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient
delivery to all of them.

6.3 If
a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms
(if any) as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred
by the Company in investigating evidence, as the Directors may prescribe, and (in the case
of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate.

6.4 Every
share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be sent at the risk of the Member
or other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any
share certificate lost or delayed in the course of delivery.

6.5 Share
certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute,
if applicable, or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever is shorter, after the allotment
or, except in the case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled
to refuse to register and does not register, after lodgement of a Share transfer with the
Company.

7 Transfer of Shares

7.1 Subject
to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of their Shares by an instrument
of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction
with rights, options, warrants or units issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one
cannot be transferred without the other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer
of any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such right,
option, warrant or unit.

7.2 The
instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual or common form or in
a form prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the Directors and shall be executed by or
on behalf of the transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the
transferee) and may be under hand or, if the transferor or transferee is a Clearing House
or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution
as the Directors may approve from time to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain
the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

9 

8 Redemption, Repurchase and
Surrender of Shares

8.1 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may issue Shares that
are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Member or the Company.
The redemption of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and
upon such other terms as the Company, by Ordinary Resolution, may determine before the issue
of such Shares. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares:

(a) Members who hold Public Shares are entitled
to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances described in the Business Combination
Article 48 hereof;

(b) Ordinary Shares
held by the Sponsor shall be surrendered by the Sponsor for no consideration to the extent
that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that the Sponsor will own 30%
of the Companys issued Shares after the IPO (exclusive of any securities purchased in a
private placement simultaneously with the IPO); and

(c) Public Shares shall be repurchased by
way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in the Business Combination Article 48 hereof.

8.2 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may purchase its own
Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such other terms as the Directors
may agree with the relevant Member. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases
and surrenders of Shares in the circumstances described in the Article above shall not require
further approval of the Members.

8.3 The
Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in
any manner permitted by the Statute, including out of capital.

8.4 The Directors may accept the surrender
for no consideration of any fully paid Share.

9 Treasury Shares

9.1 The
Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that
such Share shall be held as a Treasury Share.

9.2 The
Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms
as they think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration).

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

10 

10 Variation of Rights of Shares

10.1 If
at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different classes of Shares,
all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of
issue of the Shares of that class) may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be
varied without the consent of the holders of the issued Shares of that class where such variation
is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect upon such rights; otherwise,
any such variation shall be made only with the consent in writing of the holders of not less
than two thirds of the issued Shares of that class, or with the approval of a resolution
passed by a majority of not less than two thirds of the votes cast at a separate meeting
of the holders of the Shares of that class. For the avoidance of doubt, the Directors reserve
the right, notwithstanding that any such variation may not have a material adverse effect,
to obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any such meeting all
the provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis,
except that the necessary quorum shall be one person holding or representing by proxy at
least one-third of the issued Shares of the class and that any holder of Shares of the class
present in person or by proxy may demand a poll.

10.2 For
the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat two or more or all the
classes of Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class
of Shares would be affected in the same way by the proposals under consideration, but in
any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares.

10.3 The
rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued with preferred or other
rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares
of that class, be deemed to be varied: (i) by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking
pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred or other rights; or (ii) where the constitutional
documents of the Company are amended or new constitutional documents of the Company are adopted,
in each case, as a result of the Company registering by way of continuation as a body corporate
under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands.

11 Commission on Sale of Shares

The Company may, in so far as
the Statute permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of that person subscribing or agreeing to subscribe (whether absolutely
or conditionally) or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any Shares. Such commissions
may be satisfied by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may also on any issue of Shares
pay such brokerage as may be lawful.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

11 

12 Non Recognition of Trusts

The Company shall not be bound
by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except
only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share other than an absolute right to
the entirety thereof in the holder.

13 Lien on Shares

13.1 The
Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether fully paid-up or not)
registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts,
liabilities or engagements to or with the Company (whether presently payable or not) by such
Member or their estate, either alone or jointly with any other person, whether a Member or
not, but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from
the provisions of this Article. The registration of a transfer of any such Share shall operate
as a waiver of the Companys lien thereon. The Companys lien on a Share shall also extend
to any amount payable in respect of that Share.

13.2 The
Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any Shares on which the Company
has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not
paid within 14 clear days after notice has been received or deemed to have been received
by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death
or bankruptcy of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied
with the Shares may be sold.

13.3 To
give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument
of transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser.
The purchaser or their nominee shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised
in any such transfer, and they shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase
money, nor shall their title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity
in the sale or the exercise of the Companys power of sale under the Articles.

13.4 The
net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied in payment of such part
of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance
shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares before
the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares at the date of the sale.

14 Call on Shares

14.1 Subject
to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors may make calls upon
the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value
or premium), and each Member shall
(subject to receiving at least 14 clear days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times
so specified the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or in part, as the Directors may determine.
A call may be required to be paid by instalments. A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made upon them notwithstanding
the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

12 

14.2 A
call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising
such call was passed.

14.3 The joint holders of a Share shall
be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect thereof.

14.4 If
a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the person from whom it is due
shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is
paid at such rate as the Directors may determine (and in addition all expenses that have
been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but the Directors may waive
payment of the interest or expenses wholly or in part.

14.5 An
amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at any fixed date, whether
on account of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a
call and if it is not paid all the provisions of the Articles shall apply as if that amount
had become due and payable by virtue of a call.

14.6 The
Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount and times of payment of
calls, or the interest to be paid.

14.7 The
Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member willing to advance all
or any part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by that Member, and may
(until the amount would otherwise become payable) pay interest at such rate as may be agreed
upon between the Directors and the Member paying such amount in advance.

14.8 No
such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying such amount to any portion
of a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon
which such amount would, but for such payment, become payable.

15 Forfeiture of Shares

15.1 If
a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors
may give to the person from whom it is due not less than 14 clear days notice requiring
payment of the amount unpaid together with any interest which may have accrued and any expenses
incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment. The notice shall specify where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice
is not complied with the Shares in respect of which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

13 

15.2 If
the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it was given may, before the
payment required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors.
Such forfeiture shall include all Dividends, other distributions or other monies payable
in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture.

15.3 A
forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such
manner as the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition
the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit. Where for the purposes
of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred to any person the Directors may authorise
some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person.

15.4 A
person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of them
and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited
and shall remain liable to pay to the Company all monies which at the date of forfeiture
were payable by that person to the Company in respect of those Shares together with interest
at such rate as the Directors may determine, but that persons liability shall cease if and
when the Company shall have received payment in full of all monies due and payable by them
in respect of those Shares.

15.5 A
certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer that a Share has been forfeited
on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all
persons claiming to be entitled to the Share. The certificate shall (subject to the execution
of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to the Share and the person to whom
the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of
the purchase money, if any, nor shall their title to the Share be affected by any irregularity
or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the
Share.

15.6 The
provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non payment of any
sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on
account of the par value of the Share or by way of premium as if it had been payable by virtue
of a call duly made and notified.

16 Transmission of Shares

16.1 If
a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where they were a joint holder), or their legal
personal representatives (where they were a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised
by the Company as having any title to the deceased Members Shares. The estate of a deceased
Member is not thereby released from any liability in respect of any Share, for which the
Member was a joint or sole holder.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

14 

16.2 Any
person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation
or dissolution of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence
being produced as may be required by the Directors, elect, by a notice in writing sent by
that person to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share or to have some person
nominated by them registered as the holder of such Share. If they elect to have another person
registered as the holder of such Share they shall sign an instrument of transfer of that
Share to that person. The Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline
or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by
the relevant Member before their death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution, as the
case may be.

16.3 A
person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or
dissolution of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the
same Dividends, other distributions and other advantages to which they would be entitled
if they were the holder of such Share. However, they shall not, before becoming a Member
in respect of a Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership
in relation to general meetings of the Company and the Directors may at any time give notice
requiring any such person to elect either to be registered or to have some person nominated
by them registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either case, have
the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the case of a
transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before their death or bankruptcy or liquidation
or dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the notice is
not complied with within 90 days of being received or deemed to be received (as determined
pursuant to the Articles), the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of all Dividends,
other distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share until the requirements
of the notice have been complied with.

17 Amendments of Memorandum and
Articles of Association and Alteration of Capital

17.1 The Company may by Ordinary Resolution:

(a) increase its share
capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights, priorities
and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine;

(b) consolidate and divide all or any of
its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing Shares;

(c) convert all or any of its paid-up Shares
into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid-up Shares of any denomination;

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

15 

(d) by subdivision of
its existing Shares or any of them divide the whole or any part of its share capital into
Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without par value;
and

(e) cancel any Shares
that at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken or agreed
to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the
Shares so cancelled.

17.2 All
new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Article shall be subject
to the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer,
transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as the Shares in the original share capital.

17.3 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, the provisions of the Articles as regards the matters to
be dealt with by Ordinary Resolution, the Company may by Special Resolution:

(a) change its name;

(b) alter or add to the Articles;

(c) alter or add to the Memorandum with respect
to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein; and

(d) reduce its share capital or any capital redemption reserve fund.

18 Offices and Places of Business

Subject to the provisions of
the Statute, the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company may, in addition
to its Registered Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine.

19 General Meetings

19.1 All
general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general
meetings.

19.2 The
Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute) be obliged to, in each year hold
a general meeting as its annual general meeting, and shall specify the meeting as such in
the notices calling it. Any annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place as
the Directors shall appoint. At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall
be presented.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

16 

19.3 The
Directors, the chief executive officer or the chairperson of the board of Directors may call
general meetings, and, for the avoidance of doubt, Members shall not have the ability to
call general meetings.

20 Notice of General Meetings

20.1 At
least five clear days notice shall be given of any general meeting. Every notice shall specify
the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business to
be conducted at the general meeting and shall be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned
or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company, provided that a general
meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been
given and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding general meetings have been
complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting,
by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote at the meeting; and

(b) in the case of
an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right to
attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than 95% in par value of the Shares
giving that right.

20.2 The
accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the non receipt of notice
of a general meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate
the proceedings of that general meeting.

21 Proceedings at General Meetings

21.1 No
business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. The holders
of a majority of the Shares being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation
or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy shall be a quorum.

21.2 A
person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone, video, a virtual platform
or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the
meeting can communicate with each other. Participation by a person in a general meeting in
this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting.

21.3 A
resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed
by or on behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and
to attend and vote at general meetings (or, being corporations or other non-natural persons,
signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the
resolution had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

17 

21.4 If
a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence,
the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or
place or to such other day, time and/or place as the Directors may determine, and if at the
adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for
the meeting to commence, the Members present shall be a quorum.

21.5 The
Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence, appoint
any person to act as chairperson of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors
do not make any such appointment, the chairperson, if any, of the board of Directors shall
preside as chairperson at such general meeting. If there is no such chairperson, or if the
person shall not be present within 15 minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to
commence, or is unwilling to act, the Directors present shall elect one of their number to
be chairperson of the meeting.

21.6 If
no Director is willing to act as chairperson or if no Director is present within 15 minutes
after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one
of their number to be chairperson of the meeting.

21.7 The
chairperson may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if
so directed by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place,
but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left
unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place.

21.8 When
a general meeting is adjourned for 30 days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall
be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give
any such notice of an adjourned meeting.

21.9 If,
prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the
Directors, in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for
any reason to hold that general meeting at the place, the day and the hour specified in the
notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general meeting to another
place, day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged
general meeting is promptly given to all Members. No business shall be transacted at any
postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting.

21.10 When a general meeting
is postponed for 30 days or more, notice of the postponed meeting shall be given as in the
case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any such notice
of a postponed meeting. All proxy forms submitted for the original general meeting shall
remain valid for the postponed meeting. The Directors may postpone a general meeting which
has already been postponed.

21.11 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided
on a poll.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

18 

21.12 A poll shall be taken
as the chairperson directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution
of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded.

21.13 A poll demanded on the
election of a chairperson or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith. A poll
demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place as the chairperson
of the general meeting directs, and any business other than that upon which a poll has been
demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the taking of the poll.

21.14 In the case of an equality of votes the chairperson shall be
entitled to a second or casting vote.

22 Votes of Members

22.1 Subject
to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares, every Member present in any such manner
shall have one vote for every Share of which they are the holder.

22.2 In
the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person
or by proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised
representative or proxy), shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint
holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names of the holders
stand in the Register of Members.

22.3 A
Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court, having
jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote by their committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person
on such Members behalf appointed by that court, and any such committee, receiver, curator
bonis or other person may vote by proxy.

22.4 No
person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless they are registered as a Member
on the record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by
them in respect of Shares have been paid.

22.5 No
objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except at the general meeting
or adjourned general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every
vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection made in due time in accordance
with this Article shall be referred to the chairperson whose decision shall be final and
conclusive.

22.6 Votes
may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a corporation or other non-natural
person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one
proxy or the same proxy under one or more instruments to attend and vote at a meeting. Where
a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of proxy shall specify the number of
Shares in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

19 

22.7 A
Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect of their Shares in
the same way on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares
either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the
Shares and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing the proxy, a proxy appointed
under one or more instruments may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of
which they are appointed either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a
Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which they are appointed.

23 Proxies

23.1 The
instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed under the hand of
the appointor or of their attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a
corporation or other non natural person, under the hand of its duly authorised representative.
A proxy need not be a Member.

23.2 The
Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument
of proxy sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a
proxy shall be deposited and the place and the time (being not later than the time appointed
for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which
the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction
from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting or in an instrument
of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically
at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the meeting
or adjourned meeting to commence at which the person named in the instrument proposes to
vote.

23.3 The
chairperson may in any event at their discretion declare that an instrument of proxy shall
be deemed to have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the
manner permitted, or which has not been declared to have been duly deposited by the chairperson,
shall be invalid.

23.4 The
instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form (or such other form as the
Directors may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment
thereof or generally until revoked. An instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include
the power to demand or join or concur in demanding a poll.

23.5 Votes
given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding
the previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority
under which the proxy was executed, or the transfer of the Share in respect of which the
proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer was
received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting,
or adjourned meeting at which it is sought to use the proxy.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

20 

24 Corporate Members

24.1 Any
corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional
documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or other governing
body, authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting
of the Company or of any class of Members, and the person so authorised shall be entitled
to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which they represent as the corporation
could exercise if it were an individual Member.

24.2 If
a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise
such persons as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or
at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the authorisation shall specify the
number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised.
Each person so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been
duly authorised without further evidence of the facts and be entitled to exercise the same
rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was
the registered holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)).

25 Shares that May Not be Voted

Shares in the Company that are
beneficially owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be counted in determining
the total number of outstanding Shares at any given time.

26 Directors

There shall be a board of Directors
consisting of not less than one person provided however that the Company may by Ordinary Resolution increase or reduce the limits in
the number of Directors.

27 Powers of Directors

27.1 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles and to any directions given
by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who
may exercise all the powers of the Company. No alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and
no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid
if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened
meeting of Directors at which a quorum is present may exercise all powers exercisable by
the Directors.

27.2 All
cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable or transferable
instruments and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed as the case may be
in such manner as the Directors shall determine by resolution.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

21 

27.3 The
Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension or allowance on retirement
to any Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company
or to their surviving spouse, civil partner or dependants and may make contributions to any
fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension or allowance.

27.4 The
Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge
its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part
thereof and to issue debentures, debenture stock, mortgages, bonds and other such securities
whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of
any third party.

28 Appointment and Removal of
Directors

28.1 The
Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary
Resolution remove any Director.

28.2 The
Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as an additional
Director provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any
number fixed by or in accordance with the Articles as the maximum number of Directors.

29 Vacation of Office of Director

The office of a Director shall be vacated if:

(a) the Director gives notice in writing to the Company that they resign
the office of Director; or

(b) the Director is
absent (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy) from three consecutive
meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence from the Directors, and
the Directors pass a resolution that they have by reason of such absence vacated office;
or

(c) the Director dies, becomes bankrupt
or makes any arrangement or composition with their creditors generally; or

(d) the Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or

(e) all of the other
Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that the Director should be removed
as a Director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other Directors at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held
in accordance with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

22 

30 Proceedings of Directors

30.1 The
quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors,
and unless so fixed shall be a majority of the Directors then in office.

30.2 Subject
to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate their proceedings as they think
fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case
of an equality of votes, the chairperson shall have a second or casting vote.

30.3 A
person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee of Directors by conference
telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating
in the meeting can communicate with each other at the same time. Participation by a person
in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. Unless otherwise
determined by the Directors, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the
chairperson is located at the start of the meeting.

30.4 A
resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all the Directors or all the
members of a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating
to the removal of any Director or the vacation of office by any Director, all of the Directors
other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution shall be as valid and effectual
as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the
case may be, duly convened and held.

30.5 A
Director may, or other Officer on the direction of a Director shall, call a meeting of the
Directors by at least two days notice in writing to every Director which notice shall set
forth the general nature of the business to be considered unless notice is waived by all
the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is held. To any such notice of a meeting
of the Directors all the provisions of the Articles relating to the giving of notices by
the Company to the Members shall apply mutatis mutandis.

30.6 The
continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case may be) may act notwithstanding
any vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number
fixed by or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary quorum of Directors the continuing
Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of Directors to be
equal to such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no
other purpose.

30.7 The
Directors may elect a chairperson of their board and determine the period for which they
are to hold office; but if no such chairperson is elected, or if at any meeting the chairperson
is not present within five minutes after the time appointed
for the meeting to commence, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairperson of the meeting.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

23 

30.8 All
acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors shall, notwithstanding
that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director,
and/or that they or any of them were disqualified, and/or had vacated their office and/or
were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed and/or
not disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had been entitled
to vote, as the case may be.

30.9 A
Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of Directors by a proxy appointed
in writing by that Director. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the
proxy shall for all purposes be deemed to be that of the appointing Director.

31 Presumption of Assent

A Director who is present at
a meeting of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have assented to the action taken
unless their dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless they shall file their written dissent from such action
with the person acting as the chairperson or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by
registered post to such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to a Director
who voted in favour of such action.

32 Directors Interests

32.1 A
Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other than the office
of Auditor) in conjunction with their office of Director for such period and on such terms
as to remuneration and otherwise as the Directors may determine.

32.2 A
Director may act on their own or by, through or on behalf of their firm in a professional
capacity for the Company and they or their firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional
services as if they were not a Director.

32.3 A
Director may be or become a director or other officer of or otherwise interested in any company
promoted by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting
party or otherwise, and no such Director shall be accountable to the Company for any remuneration
or other benefits received by them as a director or officer of, or from their interest in,
such other company.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

24 

32.4 No
person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or prevented by such office from
contracting with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such
contract or any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which
any Director shall be in any way interested be or be liable to be avoided, nor shall any
Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any
profit realised by or arising in connection with any such contract or transaction by reason
of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. A Director
shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which they are interested
provided that the nature of the interest of any Director in any such contract or transaction
shall be disclosed by them at or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon.

32.5 A
general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director, officer or employee of any specified
firm or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or
company shall be sufficient disclosure for the purposes of voting on a resolution in respect
of a contract or transaction in which they have an interest, and after such general notice
it shall not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction.

33 Minutes

The Directors shall cause minutes
to be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of Officers made by the Directors, all proceedings at meetings
of the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors, including the names of
the Directors present at each meeting.

34 Delegation of Directors Powers

34.1 The
Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions, including the power
to sub-delegate, to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without
limitation, the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee). Any such delegation may
be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose and either collaterally with or
to the exclusion of their own powers and any such delegation may be revoked or altered by
the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of a committee of Directors
shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they
are capable of applying.

34.2 The
Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies or appoint any person to
be a manager or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person
to be a member of such committees, local boards or agencies. Any such appointment may be
made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose, and either collaterally with or
to the exclusion of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by
the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of any such committee, local
board or agency shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings
of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

25 

34.3 The
Directors may adopt formal written charters for committees as may be required from time to
time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
Law. Each of these committees shall be empowered to do all things necessary to exercise the
rights of such committee set forth in the Articles and shall have such powers as the Directors
may delegate pursuant to the Articles and as required by the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. Each of the Audit Committee and the
Compensation Committee, if established, shall consist of such number of Directors as the
Directors shall from time to time determine (or such minimum number as may be required from
time to time by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law).

34.4 The
Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any person to be the agent of the
Company on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is
not to the exclusion of their own powers and may be revoked by the Directors at any time.

34.5 The
Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm, person or body
of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney
or authorised signatory of the Company for such purpose and with such powers, authorities
and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under the
Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any
such powers of attorney or other appointment may contain such provisions for the protection
and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys or authorised signatories as the
Directors may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory
to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in them.

34.6 The
Directors may appoint such Officers as they consider necessary on such terms, at such remuneration
and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification and removal
as the Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise specified in the terms of their appointment
an Officer may be removed by resolution of the Directors or Members. An Officer may vacate
their office at any time if they give notice in writing to the Company that they resign their
office.

35 No Minimum Shareholding

The Company in general meeting
may fix a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding qualification is fixed a Director
is not required to hold Shares.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

26 

36 Remuneration of Directors

36.1 The
remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the Directors
shall determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any Director by the
Company prior to the consummation of a Business Combination. The Directors shall also, whether
prior to or after the consummation of a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all
travelling, hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their attendance
at meetings of Directors or committees of Directors, or general meetings of the Company,
or separate meetings of the holders of any class of Shares or debentures of the Company,
or otherwise in connection with the business of the Company or the discharge of their duties
as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance in respect thereof as may be determined by
the Directors, or a combination partly of one such method and partly the other.

36.2 The
Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to any Director for any services
which in the opinion of the Directors go beyond that Directors ordinary routine work as
a Director. Any fees paid to a Director who is also counsel, attorney or solicitor to the
Company, or otherwise serves it in a professional capacity shall be in addition to their
remuneration as a Director.

37 Seal

37.1 The
Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal shall only be used by the
authority of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors.
Every instrument to which the Seal has been affixed shall be signed by at least one person
who shall be either a Director or some Officer or other person appointed by the Directors
for the purpose.

37.2 The
Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal
or Seals each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the
Directors so determine, with the addition on its face of the name of every place where it
is to be used.

37.3 A
Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company may without further authority
of the Directors affix the Seal over their signature alone to any document of the Company
required to be authenticated by them under seal or to be filed with the Registrar of Companies
in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever.

38 Dividends, Distributions and
Reserve

38.1 Subject
to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to
any Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares
in issue and authorise payment of the Dividends or other distributions out of the funds of
the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend
unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to
which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend specifically state that such Dividend shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other
distribution shall be paid except out of the realised or unrealised profits of the Company, out of the share premium account or as otherwise
permitted by law.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

27 

38.2 Except
as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, all Dividends and other distributions
shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share
is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for Dividend as from a particular date, that
Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly.

38.3 The
Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable to any Member all sums
of money (if any) then payable by the Member to the Company on account of calls or otherwise.

38.4 The
Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be paid wholly or partly by
the distribution of specific assets and in particular (but without limitation) by the distribution
of shares, debentures, or securities of any other company or in any one or more of such ways
and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the Directors may settle
the same as they think expedient and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix
the value for distribution of such specific assets or any part thereof and may determine
that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value so fixed in order
to adjust the rights of all Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in
such manner as may seem expedient to the Directors.

38.5 Except
as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, Dividends and other distributions
may be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any
currency conversions that may be required and how any costs involved are to be met.

38.6 The
Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution, set aside such
sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the
Directors, be applicable for any purpose of the Company and pending such application may,
at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the Company.

38.7 Any
Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of Shares
may be paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post
directed to the registered address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the
registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of Members or to such
person and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such
cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent. Any
one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any Dividends, other distributions,
bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

28 

38.8 No Dividend or other distribution
shall bear interest against the Company.

38.9 Any
Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member and/or which remains unclaimed
after six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable
may, in the discretion of the Directors, be paid into a separate account in the Companys
name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted as a trustee in respect of that
account and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member.
Any Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed after a period of six years from
the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited
and shall revert to the Company.

39 Capitalisation

The Directors may at any time
capitalise any sum standing to the credit of any of the Companys reserve accounts or funds (including the share premium account and
capital redemption reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution;
appropriate such sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have been divisible amongst such Members had the same been
a distribution of profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply such sum on their behalf in paying up in full unissued
Shares for allotment and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and amongst them in the proportion aforesaid. In such event the Directors
shall do all acts and things required to give effect to such capitalisation, with full power given to the Directors to make such provisions
as they think fit in the case of Shares becoming distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby the benefit of fractional entitlements
accrue to the Company rather than to the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person to enter on behalf of all of the
Members interested into an agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters incidental or relating thereto and
any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the Company.

40 Books of Account

40.1 The
Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where applicable, material underlying
documentation including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money
received and expended by the Company and the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure
takes place, all sales and purchases of goods by the Company and the assets and liabilities
of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five years
from the date on which they are prepared. Proper books shall not be deemed to be kept if
there are not kept such books of account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of
the state of the Companys affairs and to explain its transactions.

40.2 The
Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under
what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall
be open to the inspection of Members
not being Directors and no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company
except as conferred by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

29 

40.3 The
Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in general meeting profit
and loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts
as may be required by law.

41 Audit

41.1 The
Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the
Directors determine.

41.2 Without
prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares
(or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange,
and if required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee
of the Directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit Committee charter. The composition
and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of
the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law.

41.3 If
the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock
Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions
on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of
potential conflicts of interest.

41.4 The remuneration of the Auditor
shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists).

41.5 If
the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by their
becoming incapable of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when their
services are required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy and determine the remuneration
of such Auditor.

41.6 Every
Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts
and vouchers of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers
such information and explanation as may be necessary for the performance of the duties of
the Auditor.

41.7 Auditors
shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during
their tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in
the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary
company, and at the next extraordinary general
meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company,
and at any other time during their term of office, upon request of the Directors or any general meeting of the Members.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

30 

41.8 Any
payment made to members of the Audit Committee (if one exists) shall require the review and
approval of the Directors, with any Director interested in such payment abstaining from such
review and approval.

41.9 The
Audit Committee shall monitor compliance with the terms of the IPO and, if any non-compliance
is identified, the Audit Committee shall be charged with the responsibility to take all action
necessary to rectify such non-compliance or otherwise cause compliance with the terms of
the IPO.

41.10 At least one member
of the Audit Committee shall be an audit committee financial expert as determined
by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange
Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable
Law. The audit committee financial expert shall have such past employment experience
in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or any other
comparable experience or background which results in the individuals financial sophistication.

42 Notices

42.1 Notices
shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any Member either personally or by
sending it by courier, post, telex, fax or email to such Member or to such Members address
as shown in the Register of Members (or where the notice is given by email by sending it
to the email address provided by such Member). Notice may also be served by Electronic Communication
in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or by placing it
on the Companys Website.

42.2 Where a notice is sent by:

(a) courier; service
of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by delivery of the notice to a courier company,
and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays or Sundays
or public holidays) following the day on which the notice was delivered to the courier;

(b) post; service of
the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre paying and posting
a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the fifth day
(not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays in the Cayman Islands) following the
day on which the notice was posted;

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

31 

(c) telex or fax; service
of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing and sending such notice
and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was transmitted;

(d) email or other
Electronic Communication; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by transmitting
the email to the email address provided by the intended recipient and shall be deemed to
have been received on the same day that it was sent, and it shall not be necessary for the
receipt of the email to be acknowledged by the recipient; and

(e) placing it on the Companys Website;
service of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected one hour after the notice or
document was placed on the Companys Website.

42.3 A
notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons which the Company has been advised
are entitled to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in
the same manner as other notices which are required to be given under the Articles and shall
be addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee
of the bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the
persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option of the Company by giving the notice
in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not
occurred.

42.4 Notice
of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised by the Articles to every
holder of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such
meeting except that in the case of joint holders the notice shall be sufficient if given
to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members and every person upon whom the
ownership of a Share devolves because they are a legal personal representative or a trustee
in bankruptcy of a Member where the Member but for their death or bankruptcy would be entitled
to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person shall be entitled to receive notices
of general meetings.

43 Winding Up

43.1 If
the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in satisfaction
of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject to the
rights attaching to any Shares, in a winding up:

(a) if the assets available
for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay the whole of the Companys
issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly as may be, the
losses shall be borne by the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by
them; or

(b) if the assets available
for distribution amongst the Members shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of
the Companys issued share capital at the commencement of the winding up, the surplus shall
be distributed amongst the Members in proportion to the par value of the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject
to a deduction from those Shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company for unpaid calls or otherwise.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

32 

43.2 If
the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the rights attaching to any
Shares and with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval
required by the Statute, divide amongst the Members in kind the whole or any part of the
assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of the same kind or
not) and may for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried
out as between the Members or different classes of Members. The liquidator may, with the
like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for
the benefit of the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit, but
so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon which there is a liability.

44 Indemnity and Insurance

44.1 Every
Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include auditors of the
Company), together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified
Person) shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against any liability,
action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses, including legal expenses,
whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in
carrying out their functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason
of their own actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall
be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company as a result (whether
direct or indirect) of the carrying out of their functions unless that liability arises through
the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default of such Indemnified Person. No person
shall be found to have committed actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default under this
Article unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that
effect.

44.2 The
Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys fees and other costs
and expenses incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation
involving such Indemnified Person for which indemnity will or could be sought. In connection
with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the Indemnified Person shall execute an undertaking
to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final judgment or
other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification
pursuant to this Article. If it shall be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication
that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such judgment,
costs or expenses, then such party shall not be indemnified with respect to such judgment,
costs or expenses and any advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest)
by the Indemnified Person.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

33 

44.3 The
Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit
of any Director or Officer against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law, would
otherwise attach to such person in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or
breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company.

45 Financial Year

Unless the Directors otherwise
prescribe, the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st December in each year and, following the year of incorporation, shall
begin on 1st January in each year.

46 Transfer by Way of Continuation

If the Company is exempted as
defined in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of a Special Resolution, have the power
to register by way of continuation as a body corporate under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered
in the Cayman Islands.

47 Mergers and Consolidations

The Company shall have the power
to merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such terms as the Directors may
determine and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

48 Business Combination

48.1 Notwithstanding
any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall apply during the period commencing
upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation
of a Business Combination and the full distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this
Article. In the event of a conflict between this Article and any other Articles, the provisions
of this Article shall prevail.

48.2 Prior to the consummation of a
Business Combination, the Company shall either:

(a) submit such Business Combination to its Members for approval; or

(b) provide Members
with the opportunity to have their Public Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer for
a per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of such
Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (net of taxes paid or
payable, if any), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares, provided that the Company
shall not repurchase Public Shares in an amount that would cause the Companys net
tangible assets to be less than any net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to such Business
Combination (the Redemption Limitation). Such obligation to repurchase Public Shares is subject to the completion
of the proposed Business Combination to which it relates.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

34 

48.3 If
the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of
the Exchange Act in connection with a proposed Business Combination, it shall file tender
offer documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to completing such Business
Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such
Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the
Exchange Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds a general meeting to approve a proposed
Business Combination, the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender
offer rules, and file proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

48.4 At
a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to
this Article, in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution,
the Company shall be authorised to consummate such Business Combination, provided that the
Company shall not consummate such Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible
assets not less than the Redemption Limitation.

48.5 Any
Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director may,
up to two business days prior to any vote on a Business Combination, elect to have
their Public Shares redeemed for cash, in accordance with any applicable requirements provided
for in the related proxy materials (the Business Combination Redemption),
provided that no such Member acting together with any Affiliate of their or any other person
with whom they are acting in concert or as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate,
or other group (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act) for the purposes of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares
may exercise this redemption right with respect to more than 15% of the Public Shares in
the aggregate without the prior consent of the Company and provided further that any beneficial
holder of Public Shares on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify
itself to the Company in connection with any redemption election in order to validly redeem
such Public Shares. If so demanded, the Company shall pay any such redeeming Member, regardless
of whether they are voting for or against such proposed Business Combination, a per-Share
redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination,
including interest earned on the Trust Account (such interest shall be net of taxes payable)
and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then
issued Public Shares (such redemption price being referred to herein as the Redemption
Price), but only in the event that the applicable proposed Business Combination
is approved and in connection with its consummation. The Company
shall not redeem Public Shares that would cause the Companys net tangible assets to be less than the Redemption Limitation.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

35 

48.6 A
Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted to the Company unless the Directors
determine (in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request
(which they may do in whole or in part). The Directors (in their sole discretion) shall determine
the timing of such Business Combination Redemption of Public Shares in order to facilitate
the consummation and/or closing of a Business Combination.

48.7 In the event that:

(a) the Company does
not consummate a Business Combination within 15 months from the consummation of the IPO (or
up to 21 months if such date is extended as described in the prospectus relating to the IPO),
or such later time as the Members may approve by Special Resolution in accordance with the
Articles (the Deadline Date); or

(b) if the Directors determine by resolution,
and provide notice in writing to the Members, that the Company is unable to consummate a
Business Combination by the Deadline Date:

the Company shall:

(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up;

(ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares,
at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously
released to the Company to pay its taxes (less taxes payable and up to US$100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then Public Shares in issue, which
redemption will completely extinguish public Members rights as Members (including the right
to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and

(iii) as promptly as
reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining
Members and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve,

subject in each case to its obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of Applicable Law.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

36 

48.8 In the event that any amendment
is made to the Articles:

(a) to modify the substance
or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination
or redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not consummate a Business Combination
by the Deadline Date, or such later time as the Members may approve in accordance with the
Articles; or

(b) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to Members rights or pre-Business Combination activity,

each holder of Public Shares
who is not the Sponsor, a Founder, Officer or Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares (the Amendment
Redemption) upon the approval or effectiveness of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to the Company to pay its taxes (less taxes payable and up to US$100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number
of then outstanding Public Shares. The Directors (in their sole discretion) shall determine the timing of any such Amendment Redemption.

48.9 A
holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account
only in the event of a Business Combination Redemption, and Amendment Redemption, a repurchase
of Shares by means of a tender offer pursuant to this Article, or a distribution of the Trust
Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of Public Shares
have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account.

48.10 After the issue of Public
Shares, and prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall not issue
additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to:

(a) receive funds from the Trust Account; or

(b) vote as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination.

48.11 A Director may vote
in respect of a Business Combination in which such Director has a conflict of interest with
respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must disclose such
interest or conflict to the other Directors.

48.12 As
long as the securities of the Company are listed a Designated Stock Exchange, the Company
must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of
at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred
underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at
the time of the Companys signing a definitive agreement in connection with a Business Combination.
A Business Combination must not be solely effectuated with
another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

37 

48.13 The Company may enter
into a Business Combination with a target business that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a
Founder, a Director or an Officer. In the event the Company seeks to consummate a Business
Combination with a target that is Affiliated with the Sponsor, a Founder, a Director or an
Officer, the Company, or a committee of uninterested Independent Directors, may engage independent
advisors to assist with the evaluation and will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or an independent accounting firm that such a Business Combination is fair to
the Company from a financial point of view.

49 Certain Tax Filings

Each Tax Filing Authorised
Person and any such other person, acting alone, as any Director shall designate from time to time, are authorised to file or execute
and provide United States Internal Revenue Service tax forms SS-4, W-8 BEN, W-8 IMY, W-9, 8832 and 2553 and such other similar tax forms
as are customary to file with any United States state or federal governmental authorities or foreign governmental authorities, or provide
to withholding agents in connection with the formation, activities and/or elections of the Company and such other tax forms as may be
approved from time to time by any Director or Officer. The Company further ratifies and approves any such filing made by any Tax Filing
Authorised Person or such other person prior to the date of the Articles.

50 Business Opportunities

50.1 To
the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual serving as a Director or an
Officer (Management) shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly
assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar
business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or
in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which
may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other.
Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable
Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity
to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary
duty as a Member, Director and/or Officer solely by reason of the fact that such party pursues
or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, directs such corporate opportunity to
another person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity
to the Company.

50.2 Except
as provided elsewhere in this Article, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy
of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which
may be a corporate opportunity for both the Company and Management, about which a Director and/or Officer who is also a member of Management
acquires knowledge.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

38 

50.3 To
the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity
that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the
Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims
and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted
in the future and that have been conducted in the past.

51 Exclusive Jurisdiction and
Forum

51.1 Unless
the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the
Cayman Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of
or in connection with the Memorandum, the Articles or otherwise related in any way to each
Members shareholding in the Company, including but not limited to:

(a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company;

(b) any action asserting
a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any current or former Director,
Officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Members;

(c) any action asserting a claim arising
pursuant to any provision of the Statute, the Memorandum or the Articles; or

(d) any action asserting
a claim against the Company governed by the Internal Affairs Doctrine (as such
concept is recognised under the laws of the United States of America).

51.2 Each
Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands
over all such claims or disputes.

51.3 Without
prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have, each Member acknowledges
that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the
courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum and that accordingly the Company shall be
entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance
or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts
of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum.

51.4 This
Article 51 shall not apply to any action or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty
created by the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, as amended,
or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are, as
a matter of the laws of the United States, the sole and exclusive forum for determination
of such a claim.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 410270 

39
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ea022913501ex4-1_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 7, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND VSTOCK TRANSFER, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Rights Agreement (this
Agreement) is made as of January 7, 2025, between Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company,
with principal offices at 1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 (the Company) and VStock Transfer,
LLC, a California limited liability company, with offices at 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598 (the Rights Agent).

WHEREAS, the Company is engaged
in an initial public offering (the Public Offering) of units of the Companys equity securities (each, a Unit
and collectively, the Units) through Clear Street LLC (the Representative), as representative of the underwriters
of the Public Offering, each such Unit comprised of one ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary Share),
and one right to receive one-eighth (1/8) of one Ordinary Share (the Public Rights) upon the happening of an Exchange Event
(as defined below in Section 3.2), and in connection therewith, the Company will issue and deliver up to 23,000,000 Public Rights (including
up to 3,000,000 Public Rights subject to the over-allotment option) to public investors in the Public Offering;

WHEREAS, on January 7, 2025,
the Company entered into that certain Private Units Purchase Agreement with Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC (the Sponsor),
pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase an aggregate of 400,000 private units (or 430,000 private units if the over-allotment
option is exercised in full by the underwriters) simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering at a purchase price of $10.00
per Unit and in connection therewith, will issue and deliver up to an aggregate of 400,000 rights (or 430,000 if the over-allotment option
is exercised in full by the underwriters) (Private Placement Rights);

WHEREAS, in order to finance
the Companys transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination (as defined in the Companys second
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association), the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Companys
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan to the Company funds as the Company may require, of which up to $1,500,000
may be converted into up to an additional 150,000 private units at a price of $10.00 per Unit, and in connection therewith, the Company
will issue and deliver up to an aggregate of 150,000 rights as part of such private units (the Working Capital Rights);

WHEREAS, the Company may issue
additional rights from time to time that are to be governed by this Agreement (Post-IPO Rights and together with the Private
Placement Rights, the Working Capital Rights and the Public Rights, the Rights) in connection with, or following the consummation
by the Company of, a Business Combination;

WHEREAS, the Company has filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a registration statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-281170 (the
Registration Statement), and the prospectus forming a part thereof (collectively, the Prospectus), for the
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Units, the securities comprising
the Units, and the Ordinary Shares underlying the Units including the Public Rights and which Registration Statement has been declared
effective by the SEC;

WHEREAS, the Company desires
the Rights Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Rights Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the issuance, registration,
transfer and exchange of the Rights;

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to provide for the form and provisions of the Rights, the terms upon which they shall be issued, and the respective rights, limitation
of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Rights Agent, and the holders of the Rights; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things
have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Rights, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned by or on
behalf of the Rights Agent (if a physical certificate is issued), as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the
Company, and to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Appointment
of Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Rights, and the Rights Agent
hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2. Rights.

2.1 Form
of Right. Each Right shall initially be issued in registered form only, and, if a physical certificate is issued, shall be in substantially
the form of Exhibit A hereto, the provisions of which are incorporated herein and shall be signed by, or bear the electronic (including
by DocuSign) or facsimile signature of, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or Chief Executive Officer and the Secretary of the Company.
In the event the person whose electronic or facsimile signature has been placed upon any Right shall have ceased to serve in the capacity
in which such person signed the Right before such Right is issued, it may be issued with the same effect as if he or she had not ceased
to be such at the date of issuance.

2.2 Effect
of Countersignature. Except with respect to uncertificated Warrants as described above, unless and until countersigned by the Rights
Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a Right shall be invalid and of no effect and may not be exchanged for Ordinary Shares.

2.3 Registration.

2.3.1 Right
Register. The Rights Agent shall maintain books (Right Register) for the registration of original issuance and the registration
of transfer of the Rights. Upon the initial issuance of the Rights, the Rights Agent shall issue and register the Rights in the names
of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions delivered to the Rights Agent by
the Company.

2.3.2 Registered
Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Right, the Company and the Rights Agent may deem and treat the
person in whose name such Right is then registered in the Right Register (such person, a Registered Holder) as the absolute
owner of such Right and of each Right represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing on the rights certificate
made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights Agent), for the purpose of the exchange thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither
the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

2.4 Detachability
of Rights. The securities comprising the Units, including the Rights, will begin to trade separately on (i) the first trading day
following the 52nd day after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or (ii)
such earlier date as the Representative shall determine is acceptable. In no event will separate trading of the securities comprising
the Units commence until the Company (i) files a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC which includes an audited balance sheet reflecting
the Companys receipt of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering and (ii) issues a press release announcing when such separate
trading will begin.

3. Terms
and Exchange of Rights.

3.1 Rights.
Except in cases where the Company is not the surviving entity after the occurrence of an Exchange Event, each holder of a Right shall
automatically receive one-eighth (1/8) of one Ordinary Share upon consummation of an Exchange Event. No additional consideration shall
be paid by a holder of Rights in order to receive his, her or its Ordinary Shares upon an Exchange Event, as the purchase price for such
Ordinary Shares has been included in the purchase price for the Units. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the
Rights or issue fractional Ordinary Shares. The provisions of this Section 3.1 may not be modified, amended or deleted without the prior
written consent of the Representative.

3.2 Exchange
Event. An Exchange Event shall be deemed to occur automatically upon the Companys consummation of an initial
Business Combination.

2

3.3. Exchange
of Rights.

3.3.1 Issuance
of Certificates. As soon as practicable upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, the Company shall direct holders of the Rights to
return their rights certificates to the Rights Agent. Upon receipt of a valid rights certificate, the Company shall make (or cause to
be made) entries in its Register of Members of the Company and issue to the Registered Holder of such Right(s) a certificate or certificates,
or book-entry position, for the number of full Ordinary Shares to which he, she or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as
may be directed by him, her or it. The Company shall not issue fractional shares upon exchange of Rights. At the time of an Exchange Event,
the Company will either instruct the Rights Agent to round down to the nearest whole Ordinary Share or otherwise inform it how fractional
shares will be addressed in accordance with Cayman Islands law.

3.3.2 Valid
Issuance. All Ordinary Shares issued upon an Exchange Event in conformity with this Agreement and the second amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association of the Company, and upon registration in the register of members of the Company, shall be validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

3.3.3 Date
of Issuance. Each person in whose name any book-entry position or certificate for Ordinary Shares is issued shall for all purposes
be deemed to have become the holder of record of such Ordinary Shares on the date that the persons name is entered in the Register
of Members of the Company, which shall be the date of the Exchange Event, irrespective of the date of delivery of such certificate.

3.3.4 Company
Not Surviving Following Exchange Event. Upon an Exchange Event in which the Company does not continue as the surviving entity, each
holder of a Right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its Rights in order to receive the one-eighth (1/8) of an Ordinary
Share underlying each Right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the Exchange Event. Each holder of a Right
will be required to indicate his, her or its election to convert the Rights into the underlying Ordinary Shares as well as to return the
original certificates evidencing the Rights to the Company.

3.4 Duration
of Rights. If an Exchange Event does not occur within the time period set forth in the Companys second amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, as the same may be amended from time to time, the Rights shall expire and shall be worthless.

4. Transfer
and Exchange of Rights.

4.1 Registration
of Transfer. The Rights Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Right upon the Right Register, upon
surrender of such Right for transfer, properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate instructions
for transfer. Upon any such transfer, a new Right representing an equal aggregate number of Rights shall be issued and the old Right shall
be cancelled by the Rights Agent. The Rights so cancelled shall be delivered by the Rights Agent to the Company from time to time upon
request.

4.2 Procedure
for Surrender of Rights. Rights may be surrendered to the Rights Agent, together with a written request for exchange or transfer,
and thereupon the Rights Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Rights, or book-entry positions, as requested by the Registered
Holder of the Rights so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Rights; provided, however, that in the event that a Right
surrendered for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Rights Agent shall not cancel such Right and issue new Rights in exchange therefor
until the Rights Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether
the new Rights must also bear a restrictive legend.

4.3 Fractional
Rights. The Rights Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which will result in the issuance
of a rights certificate or book-entry position for a fraction of a Right.

4.4 Service
Charges. No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Rights.

3

4.5 Right
Execution and Countersignature. The Rights Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement, the Rights required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4, and the Company, whenever required by
the Rights Agent, will supply the Rights Agent with Rights duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

5. Other
Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Rights.

5.1 No
Rights as Shareholder. Until exchange of a Right for Ordinary Shares as provided for herein, a Right does not entitle the Registered
Holder thereof to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or
other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders in respect of the general
meetings of the Company or the appointment of directors of the Company or any other matter.

5.2 Lost,
Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Rights. If any Right is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Rights Agent may
on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Right, include
the surrender thereof), issue a new Right of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Right so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed.
Any such new Right shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated,
or destroyed Right shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

5.3 Reservation
of Ordinary Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares
that will be sufficient to permit the exchange of all outstanding Rights issued pursuant to this Agreement.

5.4 Adjustments
to Conversion Ratios. The number of Ordinary Shares that the holders of Rights are entitled to receive as a result of the occurrence
of an Exchange Event shall be equitably adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any share subdivision, share dividend, reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification, consolidation, exchange of shares or other like change with respect to the Ordinary Shares occurring
on or after the date hereof and prior to the Exchange Event.

6. Concerning
the Rights Agent and Other Matters.

6.1 Payment
of Taxes. The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Rights
Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of Ordinary Shares upon the exchange of Rights, but the Company shall not be obligated to
pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Rights or such Ordinary Shares.

6.2 Resignation,
Consolidation, or Merger of Rights Agent.

6.2.1 Appointment
of Successor Rights Agent. The Rights Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged from
all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company. If the office of the
Rights Agent becomes vacant by resignation, removal or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing a successor
Rights Agent in place of the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 30 days after it has
been notified in writing of such resignation, removal or incapacity by the Rights Agent or by the holder of the Right (who shall, with
such notice, submit his, her or its Right for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Right may apply to the Supreme Court
of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Rights Agent at the Companys cost. Any successor
Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be an entity organized and existing under the laws of the United
State of America, or any state thereunder, in good standing and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject
to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After appointment, any successor Rights Agent shall be vested with all the
authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its predecessor Rights Agent with like effect as if originally named
as Rights Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor
Rights Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Rights Agent all the
authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Rights Agent hereunder; and upon request of any successor Rights Agent the Company shall
make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to
such successor Rights Agent all such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations.

4

6.2.2 Notice
of Successor Rights Agent. In the event a successor Rights Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the
predecessor Rights Agent and the transfer agent for the Ordinary Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

6.2.3 Merger
or Consolidation of Rights Agent. Any entity into which the Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any
entity resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Rights Agent under
this Agreement without any further act.

6.3 Fees
and Expenses of Rights Agent.

6.3.1 Remuneration.
The Company agrees to pay the Rights Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Rights Agent hereunder in accordance with
a fee schedule to be mutually agreed upon and will reimburse the Rights Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Rights Agent may
reasonably incur in the execution of its duties hereunder.

6.3.2 Further
Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, and
delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying
out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4 Liability
of Rights Agent.

6.4.1 Reliance
on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or
desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact
or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established
by a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board of the Company and delivered to the Rights Agent. The Rights
Agent may rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4.2 Indemnity.
The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith, or willful and material
breach of this Agreement (each as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). Subject to Section
6.6 below, the Company agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including judgments,
costs and reasonable counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in the execution of this Agreement, except as a result
of the Rights Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith, or willful and material breach of this Agreement (each
as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction).

6.4.3 Exclusions.
The Rights Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity or execution
of any Right (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition
contained in this Agreement or in any Right; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to
the authorization or reservation of any Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Right or as to whether any Ordinary
Shares will when issued be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.

6.5 Acceptance
of Agency. The Rights Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms
and conditions herein set forth.

5

6.6 Waiver.
The Rights Agent hereby waives any right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) in,
or to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof,
by and between the Company and the Rights Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment
or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

7. Miscellaneous
Provisions.

7.1 Successors.
All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind and inure to the
benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

7.2 Notices.
Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Right to
or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private
courier service within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by
the Company with the Rights Agent), as follows:

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

Any notice, statement or demand
authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Right or by the Company to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently
given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier service within five days after
deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Rights Agent with the Company), as
follows:

VStock Transfer, LLC

18 Lafayette Place

Woodmere, New York 11598

Attention: Relationship Management

7.3 Applicable
Law. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Rights shall be governed in all respects by the laws
of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive
laws of another jurisdiction. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of or relating in
any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby
waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
this exclusive forum provision shall not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act or the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), any other claim for which the federal district courts of the
United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting
a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in
Section 7.2 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding
or claim.

6

7.4 Persons
Having Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement expressed and nothing that may be implied from any of the provisions
hereof is intended, or shall be construed, to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties hereto and the
Registered Holders of the Rights and, for the purposes of Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof, the Representative, any right, remedy, or
claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. The Representative
shall be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with respect to Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof. All covenants, conditions,
stipulations, promises, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto (and
the Representative with respect to the Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof) and their successors and assigns and of the Registered Holders
of the Rights. The provisions of this Section 7.4 may not be modified, amended or deleted without the prior written consent of the Representative.

7.5 Examination
of the Right Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Rights Agent in the
City of Woodmere and State of New York, for inspection by the Registered Holder of any Right. The Rights Agent may require any such holder
to submit his, her or its Right for inspection by it.

7.6 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of original, electronic or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for
all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. A signature
to this Agreement transmitted electronically shall have the same authority, effect, and enforceability as an original signature.

7.7 Effect
of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the interpretation
thereof.

7.8 Amendments.
This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any Registered Holder for the purpose of curing any ambiguity,
or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect
to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not
adversely affect the interest of the Registered Holders. All other modifications or amendments shall require the written consent or vote
of the Registered Holders of a majority of the then outstanding Rights. The provisions of this Section 7.8 may not be modified, amended
or deleted without the prior written consent of the Representative. 

7.9 Severability.
This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable
term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

[Signature Page Follows]

7

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement
has been duly executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell

Name: Lynn Stockwell

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Pages to Rights Agreement]

VStock Transfer, LLC

By: /s/ Jenny Chen

Name: Jenny Chen

Title: Compliance Officer

[Signature Pages to Rights Agreement]

Exhibit A

Form of Rights Certificate

NUMBER RIGHTS

SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS CUSIP G2847J 112

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

A CAYMAN ISLANDS EXEMPTED COMPANY

This Rights Certificate certifies that, or registered assigns, is the registered holder of a right or rights (the Right) to automatically
receive one-eighth (1/8) of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary Share), of Drugs Made
In America Acquisition Corp. (the Company) for each Right evidenced by this Rights Certificate on the Companys
completion of an initial business combination (as defined in the final prospectus relating to the Companys initial public offering
(the Prospectus) upon surrender of this Rights Certificate pursuant to the Rights Agreement between the Company
and VStock Transfer, LLC, as rights agent (the Rights Agent). In no event will the Company be required to
net cash settle any Right or issue a fractional Ordinary Share.

Upon liquidation of the Company in the event an
initial business combination is not consummated during the required period as identified in the Companys second amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, the Rights shall expire and be worthless. The holder of a Right shall have no right or interest
of any kind in the Companys Trust Account (as defined in the Prospectus).

Upon due presentment for registration of transfer
of this Rights Certificate at the office or agency of VStock Transfer, LLC, the Rights Agent, a new Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates
of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like number of Rights shall be issued to the transferee in exchange for this Rights Certificate,
without charge except for any applicable tax or other governmental charge. The Company shall not issue fractional shares upon exchange
of Rights. The Company reserves the right to deal with any fractional entitlement at the relevant time in any manner (as provided in the
Rights Agreement).

The Company and the Rights Agent may deem and
treat the registered holder as the absolute owner of this Rights Certificate (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing
hereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any conversion hereof, of any distribution to the registered holder, and for all other purposes,
and neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

This Right does not entitle the registered holder
to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company. This Right shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws
of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof.

Dated:

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER SECRETARY

A-1

The following abbreviations,
when used in the inscription on the face of this certificate, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to
applicable laws or regulations:

TEN COM as tenants in common UNIF GIFT MIN ACT Custodian 

(Cust) (Minor)

TEN ENT as tenants by the entireties 

under U.S. Uniform Gifts to Minor Act

JT TEN as joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common 

Additional Abbreviations may also be used though
not in the above list.

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

The Company will furnish without
charge to each security holder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special
rights of each class of equity securities or series thereof of the Company and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions of such
preferences and/or rights. This certificate and the rights represented thereby are issued and shall be held subject to all the provisions
of the Rights Agreement, the Companys second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and all amendments thereto
and resolutions of the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of securities (copies of which may be obtained from the secretary
of the Company), to all of which the holder of this certificate by acceptance hereof assents.

For value received,__________________________ hereby
sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto

PLEASE INSERT SOCIAL SECURITY OR OTHER IDENTIFYING
NUMBER OF ASSIGNEE

(PLEASE PRINT OR TYPEWRITE
NAME AND ADDRESS, INCLUDING ZIP CODE, OF ASSIGNEE(S)) Rights represented by the within Certificate, and do hereby irrevocably constitute
and appoint _______________________________________________________________ Attorney to transfer the said rights on the books of the within
named Company will full power of substitution in the premises.

Dated

Notice: The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

Signature(s) Guaranteed: 

THE SIGNATURE(S) MUST BE GUARANTEED BY AN
ELIGIBLE GUARANTOR INSTITUTION (BANKS, STOCKBROKERS, SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONS AND CREDIT UNIONS WITH MEMBERSHIP IN AN APPROVED SIGNATURE
GUARANTEE MEDALLION PROGRAM, PURSUANT TO S.E.C. RULE 17Ad-15 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED) (OR ANY SUCCESSOR RULE).

The holder of this certificate shall have no right
or interest of any kind in or to the funds held in the Companys Trust Account (as defined in the Prospectus).

A-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ea022913501ex10-1_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 7, 2025, BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY, DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION LLC, THE INITIAL SHAREHOLDERS AND THE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

LETTER AGREEMENT

Dated January 7, 2025

This letter agreement (this
Letter Agreement) is entered into by and among Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted
company (the Company), Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor),
and each other undersigned person (each such other undersigned person, an Insider and collectively, the Insiders).
Reference is made to that certain underwriting agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) entered into or proposed to
be entered into by and between the Company and Clear Street LLC, as representative
of the underwriters (the Representative), relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the Public
Offering), of up to 20,000,000 of the Companys units (including up to 3,000,000 units that may be purchased to cover
the underwriters option to purchase additional units, if any) (the Units), each comprised of one ordinary
share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary Share), and one right to receive one-eighth (1/8) of an ordinary
share upon the consummation of an initial business combination (each whole right, a Right). The Units shall be sold
in the Public Offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 and prospectus (the Prospectus) filed by
the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission). Certain capitalized terms used herein
are defined in paragraph 12 hereof.

In order to induce the Company
and the Representative to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Sponsor and the Insiders each hereby agrees, severally
but not jointly, with the Company as follows:

1. The
Sponsor and each Insider agrees that if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination, then in connection
with such proposed Business Combination, it, he or she shall (i) vote any Shares (as defined below) owned by it, him or her in favor of
any proposed Business Combination (including any proposals recommended by the Companys board of directors in connection with such
Business Combination) and (ii) not redeem any Shares owned by it, him or her in connection with such shareholder approval.

2. The
Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within 15 months
from the closing of the Public Offering (subject to extension as provided the Companys second amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association (as may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Articles)) (the time period the
Company has to complete a Business Combination, as it may be extended, the completion window), or such later period
approved by the Companys shareholders in accordance with the Articles, the Sponsor and each Insider shall take all reasonable steps
to cause the Company to (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten (10) business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the Ordinary Shares sold as
part of the Units in the Public Offering (the Offering Shares), at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and less up to
$100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish all Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Companys remaining
shareholders and the Companys board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Companys obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor and each Insider
agrees to not propose any amendment to the Articles (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption
in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Company does not complete
its initial Business Combination within the completion window) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides its Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
their Offering Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued
and outstanding Offering Shares.

The Sponsor and each Insider acknowledges that
it, he or she has no right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or any other asset of the
Company as a result of any liquidation of the Company with respect to the Founder Shares held by it. The Sponsor and each Insider hereby
further waives, with respect to any Shares held by it, him or her, if any, any redemption rights it, he or she may have in connection
with (x) the consummation of a Business Combination, including, without limitation, any such rights available in the context of a shareholder
vote to approve such Business Combination or in the context of a tender offer made by the Company to purchase Ordinary Shares and (y)
a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Articles (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to
allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Company
has not consummated its initial Business Combination within the completion window) or (B) with respect to any other material provisions
relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity (although the Sponsor and the Insiders shall be entitled
to redemption and liquidation rights with respect to any Offering Shares it or they hold if the Company fails to consummate a Business
Combination within the completion window).

3. Notwithstanding
the provisions set forth in paragraphs 7(a) and (b) below, during the period commencing on the effective date of the Underwriting Agreement
and ending 180 days after such date, the Sponsor and each Insider shall not, without the prior written consent of the Representative,
(i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree
to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position
within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to any Units, Ordinary Shares or Rights or any securities convertible
into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Ordinary Shares, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in
whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any Units, Ordinary Shares or Rights or any securities convertible
into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Ordinary Shares, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities,
in cash or otherwise, or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii); provided,
however, that the Company may (1) issue and sell the Private Placement Units, (2) issue and sell the additional Units to cover
the underwriters over-allotment option, (3) register with the Commission pursuant to a certain registration rights agreement to
be entered into by and among the Company and certain holders party thereto and (4) issue securities in connection with the Companys
initial Business Combination; provided, further, that the foregoing does not apply to the surrender or forfeiture by the
Sponsor of any Founder Shares pursuant to their terms or any Transfer of Founder Shares to any current or future independent director
of the company (as long as such current or future independent director transferee is subject to this Letter Agreement or executes an agreement
substantially identical to the terms of this Letter Agreement, as applicable to directors and officers at the time of such Transfer; and
as long as, to the extent any Section 16 reporting obligation is triggered as a result of such Transfer, any related Section 16 filing
includes a practical explanation as to the nature of the Transfer).

4. In the event of
the liquidation of the Trust Account, the Sponsor (which for purposes of clarification shall not extend to any other shareholders,
members or managers of the Sponsor) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss, liability, claim,
damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in
investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, whether pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) to which the
Company may become subject as a result of any claim by (i) any third party (other than the Companys independent registered
public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company or (ii) a prospective target business with which the
Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement (a Target); provided, however, that
such indemnification of the Company by the Sponsor shall apply only to the extent necessary to ensure that such claims by a third
party (other than the Companys independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the
Company or a Target do not reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) $10.05 per Offering Share or (ii) such
lesser amount per Offering Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, in each case, net of the amount of interest
which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek
access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Companys indemnity of the underwriters against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. In the event that any such executed waiver is
deemed to be unenforceable against such third party, the Sponsor shall not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such
third-party claims. The Sponsor shall have the right to defend against any such claim with counsel of its choice reasonably
satisfactory to the Company if, within 15 days following written receipt of notice of the claim to the Sponsor, the Sponsor notifies
the Company in writing that it shall undertake such defense.

2

5. (a)
To the extent that the underwriters do not exercise their option to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 Units within 45 days from the
date of the Prospectus (and as further described in the Prospectus), the Sponsor agrees that it shall surrender and forfeit, at no cost:
a number of Founder Shares in the aggregate equal to 1,285,714 multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 3,000,000 minus
the number of Units purchased by the underwriters upon the exercise of their option to purchase additional Units and (ii) the denominator
of which is 3,000,000. All references in this Letter Agreement to Founder Shares of the Company being surrendered and forfeited shall
take effect as a contribution of such Founder Shares, as applicable, to the Companys capital as a matter of Cayman Islands law.
The surrender and forfeiture will be adjusted to the extent that the option to purchase additional Units is not exercised in full by the
underwriters so that the number of Founder Shares will equal an aggregate of 30%, respectively, of the Companys issued and outstanding
Shares immediately after the Public Offering (not including the Private Placement Units and assuming the Sponsor does not purchase Units
in the Public Offering). The Initial Shareholders further agree that to the extent that the size of the Public Offering is increased or
decreased, the Company will effect a share dividend or share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable,
immediately prior to the consummation of the Public Offering in such amount as to maintain the number of Founder Shares at 30% of the
Companys issued and outstanding Shares upon the consummation of the Public Offering (not including the Private Placement Units).
In connection with such increase or decrease in the size of the Public Offering, then (A) the references to 3,000,000 in the numerator
and denominator of the formula in the first sentence of this paragraph shall be changed to a number equal to 15.0% of the Units issued
in the Public Offering and (B) the reference to 1,285,714 in the formula set forth in the first sentence of this paragraph shall be adjusted
to, respectively, the total number of Founder Shares that the Sponsor would have to return to the Company in order for the number of Founder
Shares that the Sponsor owns (together with the Insiders) to equal an aggregate of 30% of the Companys issued and outstanding Shares
after the Public Offering (not including the Private Placement Units and assuming the Sponsor (and the Insiders) does not purchase Units
in the Public Offering).

6. The
Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees and acknowledges that: (i) the Representative and the Company would be irreparably injured in the
event of a breach by such Sponsor or Insider of its, his or her obligations under paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7(a) and 7(b) of this Letter
Agreement, (ii) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such breach, and (iii) the non-breaching party shall be entitled to
seek injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party may have in law or in equity, in the event of such breach.

7. (a)
The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she shall not Transfer any Founder Shares or any Private Placement Units (and underlying
securities) until the earlier of: (i) with respect to 50% of the Founder Shares and the Private Placement Units, the earlier of six months
after the date of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the
Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the Companys initial Business
Combination and (ii) with respect to the remaining 50% of the Founder Shares and the Private Placement Units, six months after
the date of the consummation of the Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to the Companys initial Business
Combination, the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of its shareholders
having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (the Lock-Up Period).

3

(b) [Reserved]

(c) Notwithstanding the
provisions set forth in paragraphs 7(a) and (b), Transfers of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Units (and underlying
securities) that are held by the Sponsor or any Insider or any of their permitted transferees (that have complied with this
paragraph 7(c)), are permitted (a) to the Companys directors or officers, any affiliates or family members of any of the
Companys directors or officers, any members of the Sponsor, or any affiliates of the Sponsor, (b) in the case of an
individual, by gift to a member of the individuals immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of
the individuals immediate family or an affiliate of such person, or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an
individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant
to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or Transfers made in connection with the consummation of the
Companys Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased; (f) in
the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the Companys completion of an initial Business Combination; (g) by
virtue of the laws of Delaware or the Sponsors limited liability company agreement, as amended, upon dissolution of the
Sponsor; (h) in the event of the Companys completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other
similar transaction which results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash,
securities or other property subsequent to the Companys completion of an initial Business Combination; or (i) to a nominee or
custodian of a person or entity to whom a disposition or transfer would be permissible under clauses (a) through (h) above; provided, however,
that in the case of clauses (a) through (e) and (i), these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement with the
Company agreeing to be bound by the Transfer restrictions and other applicable restrictions in this Letter Agreement.

8. The
Sponsor and each Insider represents and warrants that it, he or she has never been suspended or expelled from membership in any securities
or commodities exchange or association or had a securities or commodities license or registration denied, suspended or revoked. Each Insiders
biographical information furnished to the Company, if any (including any such information included in the Prospectus), is true and accurate
in all material respects and does not omit any material information with respect to such Insiders background. The Sponsor and each
Insiders questionnaire furnished to the Company, if any, is true and accurate in all material respects. The Sponsor and each Insider
represents and warrants that: it is not subject to or a respondent in any legal action for, any injunction, cease-and-desist order or
order or stipulation to desist or refrain from any act or practice relating to the offering of securities in any jurisdiction; it has
never been convicted of, or pleaded guilty to, any crime (i) involving fraud, (ii) relating to any financial transaction or handling of
funds of another person, or (iii) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and it is not currently a defendant in any such criminal
proceeding.

9. Except
as disclosed in, or as expressly contemplated by, the Prospectus, neither the Sponsor nor any Insider nor any affiliate of the Sponsor
or any Insider, nor any director or officer of the Company, shall receive from the Company any finders fee, reimbursement or monies
in respect of any repayment of a loan or other compensation prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate
the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).

10. The
Sponsor and each Insider has full right and power, without violating any agreement to which it is bound (including, without limitation,
any non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement and, as applicable,
to serve as an officer and/or a director on the board of directors of the Company and hereby consents to being named in the Prospectus
as an officer and/or a director of the Company.

11. As
used herein:

Business Combination shall mean a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination, involving the
Company and one or more businesses;

Founder Shares shall mean the 9,857,143
Ordinary Shares that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of the Public Offering;

Initial Shareholders shall mean the
Sponsor and any Insider that holds Founder Shares;

Private Placement Units shall mean
(a) 400,000 units (or up to 430,000 units depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is
exercised pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement), each Private Placement Unit comprised of one Ordinary Share and one right to
receive one-eighth (1/8) of an ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination, that the Sponsor has agreed
to purchase for an aggregate purchase price of $4,000,000 in the aggregate (or up to $4,300,000 depending on the extent to which the
underwriters over-allotment option is exercised pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement), or $10.00 per Private Placement
Unit, in a private placement that shall occur substantially concurrently with the consummation of the Public Offering, and (b) up to
an additional 150,000 Private Placement Units issuable to the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor at a price of $10.00 per
Private Placement Unit upon conversion of up to $1,500,000 of loans made to the Company.

4

Public Shareholders shall mean the holders
of securities issued in the Public Offering;

Shares shall mean the Ordinary Shares,
including the Founder Shares;

Transfer shall mean the (a) sale or
assignment of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose
of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect
to or decrease of a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder with respect to, any security,
(b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that Transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership
of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement
of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b) herein; and

Trust Account shall mean the trust account
into which the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units shall be deposited for the benefit of the
Public Shareholders.

12. This
Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they
relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed, amended,
modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed
by (1) each Insider that is the subject of any such change, amendment modification or waiver and (2) the Sponsor.

13. No
party hereto may assign either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the other parties. Any purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate
to Transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the Sponsor and each
Insider and their respective successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees.

14. This
Letter Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of this Letter Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid
or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Letter Agreement a provision
as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

15. This
Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving
effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties
hereto (i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall
be brought and enforced in the courts of New York City, in the State of New York, and irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction and venue,
which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and venue or that such courts
represent an inconvenient forum.

16. Any
notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or
facsimile or other electronic transmission.

17. Each
party hereto shall not be liable for any breaches or misrepresentations contained in this Letter Agreement by any other party to this
Letter Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Insider with respect to any other Insider), and no party shall be liable
or responsible for the obligations of another party, including, without limitation, indemnification obligations and notice obligations.

18. This Letter Agreement shall terminate
on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-Up Period and (ii) the liquidation of the Company; provided, however,
that this Letter Agreement shall earlier terminate in the event that the Public Offering is not consummated and closed within thirty
(30) days from the effective date of the Companys registration statement filed in connection with the Public Offering; provided
further that paragraph 4 of this Letter Agreement shall survive such liquidation.

19. This Letter Agreement may be executed in any
number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all
such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

[Signature page follows]

5

Sincerely,

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION LLC

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell

Name: Lynn Stockwell

Title: Managing Member

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell 

Name: Lynn Stockwell 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Letter
Agreement]

Acknowledged and Agreed: 

/s/ Lynn Stockwell 

Lynn Stockwell 

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chair of the Board 

/s/ Glenn Worman 

Glenn Worman 

Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ Catherine Do 

Catherine Do 

Director 

/s/ G. Sridhar Prasad 

G. Sridhar Prasad 

Director 

/s/ Myron W. Shulgan 

Myron W. Shulgan 

Director 

[Signature Page to Letter Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ea022913501ex10-2_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 7, 2025, BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY, WILMINGTON TRUST NATIONAL ASSOCIATION AND VSTOCK TRANSFER, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This Investment Management
Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of January 7, 2025, by and among Drugs Made In America
Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Wilmington Trust, National Association,
a national banking association (the Trustee), and VStock Transfer LLC, as transfer agent for the Companys
securities (the Transfer Agent).

WHEREAS, the Companys
registration statement on Form S-1, as amended, File No. 333-281170 (the Registration Statement) for the initial
public offering of the Companys units (the Units), each of which consists of one ordinary share, par
value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary Share), and one right (Right) to receive one-eighth
(1/8) of an Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination (such initial public offering hereinafter referred
to as the Offering), has been declared effective as of the date hereof by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission;

WHEREAS, the Company has entered
into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Clear Street LLC (the Representative),
as representative of the underwriters named therein;

WHEREAS, the Company has previously
or simultaneously herewith entered into agreements with the Transfer Agent, whereby the Transfer Agent shall serve as transfer agent and
registrar with respect to the Units, the Ordinary Shares and Rights;

WHEREAS, as described in the
Registration Statement, $201,000,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Units (as defined in the
Underwriting Agreement) (or $231,150,000 if the underwriters option to purchase additional units is exercised in full) will be
delivered to the Trustee to be deposited and held in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United States (the Trust
Account) for the benefit of the Company and the holders of the Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued in the Offering
as hereinafter provided (the amount to be delivered to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon and any Extension Payment
as described in the paragraph below) is referred to herein as the Property, the shareholders for whose benefit
the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to as the Public Shareholders, and the Public Shareholders
and the Company will be referred to together as the Beneficiaries);

WHEREAS, as described in its
Registration Statement and in the Companys second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as may be amended
and/or restated from time to time, the Articles), the period of time the Company has to complete a business
combination may be extended without shareholder approval up to two times, each by an additional three months, for a total of up to 21
months from the closing date of the Offering, subject to the payment into the Trust Account by Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC (or
its designees or affiliates, the Sponsor) of $0.10 per Ordinary Share sold to Public Shareholders outstanding
in connection with each such extension (the Extension Payment), and which Extension Payments, if any, shall
be added to the Trust Account;

WHEREAS, pursuant to and subject
to the conditions of the Underwriting Agreement, a portion of the Property equal to $6,000,000, or $6,900,000 if the underwriters
over-allotment option is exercised in full, is attributable to deferred underwriting discounts and commissions that will be payable by
the Company to the Representative upon the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below) (the Deferred Discount);
and

WHEREAS, the Company and the
Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Agreements
and Covenants of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold the Property in trust
for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the Trustee in the United States
at Wilmington Trust, National Association.

(b) Manage, supervise and administer
the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c) In a timely manner, upon
the written instruction of the Company, (i) invest and reinvest the Property in United States government securities within the meaning
of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act), having
a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act (or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations
or (ii) deposit the Property into an interest bearing or non-interest bearing bank demand deposit account at a U.S. chartered commercial
bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more, as determined by the Company; it being understood that the Trust Account will earn
no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder;

(d) Collect and receive, when
due, all interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property, as such
term is used herein;

(e) Promptly notify the Company
and the Representative of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company;

(f) Supply any necessary information
or documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Companys preparation of tax returns
relating to assets held in the Trust Account or in connection with the preparation or completion of the audit of the Companys financial
statements by the Companys auditors;

(g) Participate in any plan
or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the Company to
do so;

(h) Render to the Company monthly
written statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Trust Account;

(i) Commence liquidation of
the Trust Account only after and within two business days following (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with the terms of, a letter
from the Company (Termination Letter) in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit
A or Exhibit B, as applicable, signed on behalf of the Company by an Authorized Representative (as such term is defined below),
in coordination with the Company and the Transfer Agent, and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property
in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay
any taxes (net of any taxes payable and less up to $100,000 of interest that may be released to the Company to pay dissolution expenses),
only as directed in the Termination Letter and other documents referred to therein, or (y) upon the date which is the later of (i) 15
months after the closing of the Offering (or up to 21 months after the closing of the Offering, subject to the Sponsor,
upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable expiration of the period of time the Company has to consummate a Business
Combination, depositing into the Trust Account the applicable Extension Payment in connection with any such extension of the period
of time the Company has to consummate a Business Combination) and (ii) such later date as may be approved by the Companys shareholders
in accordance with the Articles, if a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee prior to such date, in which case the Trust
Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B and the
Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
to pay any taxes (net of any taxes payable and less up to $100,000 of interest that may be released to the Company to pay dissolution
expenses) shall be distributed to the Public Shareholders of record as of such date, as reflected in the records of the Transfer Agent;
provided, however, that in the event the Trustee receives a Termination Letter in a form substantially similar to Exhibit
B hereto, or if the Trustee begins to liquidate the Property because it has received no such Termination Letter by the date specified
in clause (y) of this Section 1(i), the Trustee shall keep the Trust Account open until twelve (12) months following
the date the Property has been distributed to the Public Shareholders;

2

(j) Upon written request
from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C
(a Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction), withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company
the amount of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company to cover any tax obligations owed by the Company as a result
of assets of the Company or interest or other income earned on the Property, which amount shall be delivered directly to the Company
by electronic funds transfer or other method of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to the relevant taxing
authority, as applicable; provided, however, that to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to
pay such tax obligations, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account as shall be designated by the Company in
writing to make such distribution so long as there is no reduction in the principal amount initially deposited in the Trust Account; provided, further, however
that if the tax to be paid is a franchise tax, the written request by the Company to make such distribution shall be accompanied by
a copy of the franchise tax bill for the Company and a written statement from the principal financial officer of the Company setting
forth the actual amount payable (it being acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess of interest income earned on the
Property shall not be payable from the Trust Account). The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute
presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said
request;

(k) Upon written request from
the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit D (a Shareholder
Redemption Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute, in coordination with the Company and the Transfer Agent,
the amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem Ordinary Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted in connection with
a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Articles (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to
allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of its public Ordinary Shares if
the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within such time as is described in the Articles or (ii) with respect
to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The written request
of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to distribute said funds, and the Trustee
shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

(l) Only release the Property
in accordance with a written instruction, signed by an Authorized Representative (as such term is defined below) of the Company substantially
in the form attached as Exhibit A, B, C or D, as applicable, attached hereto (each, a Written
Direction and collectively, the Written Direction); and

(m) Not make any withdrawals
or distributions from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Section 1(i), (j) or (k) above.

2. Agreements
and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Give all instructions to
the Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by an Authorized Representative (as such term is defined below) of the Company. In addition,
except with respect to its duties under Sections 1(i), 1(j) or 1(k) hereof, the Trustee shall be entitled to
rely on, and shall be protected in relying on any such written instructions and, further, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction
which it, in good faith and with reasonable care, believes to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions,
provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in writing;

(b) Subject to
Section 4 hereof, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all out-of-pocket expenses,
including reasonable outside counsel fees and disbursements, or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken
by it hereunder and in connection with any action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in
connection with any claim or demand, which in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee
hereunder, or the Property or any interest earned on the Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees
or its representatives gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct or willful and material breach of this Agreement.
Promptly after the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding,
pursuant to which the Trustee intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in
writing of such claim (hereinafter referred to as the Indemnified Claim), provided, that no
failure or delay by the Trustee to so notify the Company shall relieve the Company from its obligations under this Agreement, except
as and to the extent it is found, in a final, unappealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction, that such failure or delay
actually and materially prejudiced the Company. The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such
Indemnified Claim; provided that the Trustee shall obtain the consent of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, further that the Company may conduct and manage the
defense against any Indemnified Claim if the Trustee does not promptly take reasonable steps to mount such a defense. The Trustee
may not agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent of the Company. The Company may participate in any
such action with its own counsel and at its sole cost and expense;

3

(c) Pay the Trustee the fees
set forth on Schedule A hereto, including an initial acceptance fee, annual administration fee and transaction processing fee,
which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the Property shall not be
used to pay such fees unless and until the Property is distributed to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) through 1(k)
hereof. The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance fee and the first annual administration fee at the consummation of the
Offering. The Trustee shall refund to the Company the monthly fee (on a pro rata basis) with respect to any period after the liquidation
of the Trust Account. The Company shall not be responsible for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c),
Schedule A and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;

(d) In connection with any vote
of the Companys shareholders regarding any merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization
or other similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination),
provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the shareholder meeting verifying the vote of such
shareholders regarding such Business Combination;

(e) Provide the Representative
with a copy of any Termination Letter(s), Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction(s), Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction(s), and/or
any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect to any proposed withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly after it
issues the same;

(f) Unless otherwise agreed
between the Company and the Representative, expressly provide in any Instruction Letter (as defined in Exhibit A) delivered in connection
with a Termination Letter in the form of Exhibit A that the Deferred Discount be paid directly to the account or accounts directed
by the Representative.

(g) Instruct the Trustee to
make only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make any distributions
that are not permitted under this Agreement;

(h) Designate, on an incumbency
certificate delivered to Trustee on the date hereof (the Incumbency Certificate), its authorized representatives
for purposes of this Agreement (each such individual, an Authorized Representative of the Company), which
shall certify that the title, contact information and specimen signature of each such Authorized Representative as set forth therein is
true and correct; and

(i) Amend, at any time, the
Incumbency Certificate by signing and submitting to the Trustee an amended Incumbency Certificate, which shall be effective upon receipt
by the Trustee of such amendment.

3. Limitations
of Liability. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Perform any implied duties
or obligations, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement and that which
is expressly set forth herein;

(b) Take any action with respect
to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to any third party except for
liability arising out of the Trustees or its representatives fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct or willful and
material breach of this Agreement;

(c) Institute any proceeding
for the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind with respect
to, any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to do so and the
Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any reasonably incurred expenses incident thereto;

(d) Refund any depreciation
in principal of any Property;

4

(e) Assume that the authority
of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise in such designation,
or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f) The other parties hereto
or to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the
Trustees best judgment, except for the Trustees or its representatives gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct
or willful and material breach of this Agreement. The Trustee may rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any Written
Direction, order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel (including counsel chosen by the Trustee, which counsel may
be the Companys counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due execution and the validity
and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained) which the Trustee
believes, in good faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee
shall be deemed to be acting with reasonable care with respect to any Written Direction if it takes such action in conformity with its
standard procedures for confirming instructions for wires applicable to the Company. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand,
or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument
delivered to the Trustee, signed by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall
give its prior written consent thereto;

(g) Verify the accuracy of the
information contained in the Registration Statement or any other filings made by the Company with the SEC;

(h) Provide any assurance that
any Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by the Registration Statement;

(i) File information returns
with respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements to the Company
documenting the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

(j) Prepare, execute and file
tax reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating to, the Trust
Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to, tax obligations,
except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

(k) Verify calculations, qualify
or otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j) or 1(k)
hereof.

The Company also agrees that
the Trustee will only be responsible for direct damages, and not for any type of indirect, special, consequential, or punitive damages,
even if the Trustee is aware of the potential for such damages.

4. Trust
Account Waiver. Neither the Transfer Agent nor the Trustee has any right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind (Claim) to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to
any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now or in the future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under
this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Section 2(b) or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee and the
Transfer Agent shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets outside the Trust Account and not against the Property
or any monies in the Trust Account.

5

5. Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a) If the Trustee gives
written notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to locate
a successor trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the
Company notifies the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this
Agreement (whether following the Trustee giving notice that it desires to resign under this Agreement or the Company otherwise
electing to replace the Trustee under this Agreement), the Trustee shall transfer the management of the Trust Account to the
successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of copies of the reports and statements relating to the Trust Account
and any other reasonable transfer requests that the Company may make, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however,
that in the event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation notice
from the Trustee, the Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York or
with the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from
any liability whatsoever; or

(b) At such time that the Trustee
has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(i) hereof
and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall terminate except with respect
to Section 2(b); or

(c) If the Offering is not consummated
within ten (10) business days of the date of this Agreement or such later time agreed by the Company and the Trustee, then any funds received
by the Trustee from the Company or the Sponsor for purposes of funding the Trust Account shall be promptly returned to the Company or
the Sponsor, as applicable.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) The Company and the Trustee
each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth herein with respect to funds transferred from the Trust
Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures to authorized
persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained access
to such confidential information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall rely upon
all information supplied to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers, and all other identifying information relating
to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees or its representatives
gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct or willful and material breach of this Agreement, the Trustee shall not be liable for any
loss, liability or out-of-pocket expense resulting from any error in the information or transmission of the funds.

(b) This Agreement shall be
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law
principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. This Agreement may be executed in several
original or facsimile or electronic counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute but one
instrument.

(c) This Agreement contains
the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except for Section 1(i)
through (m) (which sections may not be modified, amended or deleted without the affirmative vote of fifty percent (50%) of the
then outstanding Ordinary Shares; provided that no such amendment will affect any shareholder of the Company who has validly elected to
redeem his, her or its Ordinary Shares in connection with a shareholder vote sought to amend this Agreement (i) to modify the substance
or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100%
of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company has not consummated its initial Business Combination within such time specified in the Articles
or (ii) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity),
this Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical error) by a writing
signed by each of the parties hereto.

(d) The parties hereto consent
to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, County of New York, State of New York, for
purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH
PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

6

(e) Any notice, consent or request
to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail
or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or by electronic mail:

if to the Trustee, to:

Wilmington Trust, National Association

1100 North Market Street

Rodney Square North

Wilmington, DE 19890

Attn: Daniel Barnes

Email: dbarnes@wilmingtontrust.com

in each case, with copies
to:

VStock Transfer LLC

18 Lafayette

Woodmere, New York

Attn: Relationship Management

Email: compliance@vstocktransfer.com

if to the Company, to:

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

Email: executive@dmaacorp.com

in each case, with copies
to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

Attn: Mitchell S. Nussbaum

G. Alex Weniger-Araujo

Email: mnussbaum@loeb.com

aweniger@loeb.com

If to the Representative:

Clear Street LLC

4 World Trade Center, Floor 45

New York, New York 10007

Attn: Ryan Gerety

Email: rgerety@clearstreet.io

in each case, with copies to:

Winston & Strawn LLP

800 Capitol Street, Suite 2400

Houston, TX 77002

Attn: Michael J. Blankenship

Email: MBlankenship@winston.com

(f) This Agreement may not be
assigned by the Trustee or the Transfer Agent without the prior consent of the Company.

7

(g) Each of the Company
and the Trustee hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and
to perform its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any
claims or proceed against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust
Account under any circumstance.

(h) Each of the Company, the
Transfer Agent and the Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Representative is a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement.

(i) This
Agreement is the joint product of the Trustee, the Transfer Agent and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual
consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(j) The
Trustee and the Transfer Agent shall perform their duties under this Agreement in compliance with all applicable laws and keep confidential
all information relating to this Agreement and, except as required by applicable law, shall not use such information for any purpose other
than the performance of the Trustees or the Transfer Agents obligations under this Agreement.

(k) Except as specified herein,
no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity.

(l) In the event that any Property
shall be attached, garnished or levied upon by any court order, or the delivery thereof shall be stayed or enjoined by an order of a court,
or any order, judgment or decree shall be made or entered by any court order affecting the Property, the Trustee is hereby expressly authorized,
in its reasonable discretion, to comply with all writs, orders or decrees so entered or issued, or which it is advised by legal counsel
of its own choosing is binding upon it. In the event that the Trustee obeys or complies with any such writ, order or decree it shall not
be liable to any of the parties or to any other person, firm or corporation, should, by reason of such compliance notwithstanding, such
writ, order or decree be subsequently reversed, modified, annulled, set aside or vacated.

(m) The Trustee shall not be
responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligation under this Agreement arising out of or caused, directly
or indirectly, by circumstances beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, acts of God; earthquakes; fire; flood; wars;
acts of terrorism; civil or military disturbances; sabotage; epidemic; riots; interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, computer
(hardware or software) or communications services; accidents; labor disputes; acts of civil or military authority or governmental action
(any such event, a Force Majeure Event). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, for purposes
of all services provided pursuant to this Agreement (the Services), Trustee shall continuously maintain business
continuity and disaster recovery plans (including regular updates) that are consistent with then-current industry standards applicable
to similarly situated providers of services comparable to the Services. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the business
continuity and/or disaster recovery plans will cover the computer software, computer hardware, telecommunications capabilities and other
similar or related items of automated, computerized, software system(s) and network(s) or system(s) and will be designed, among other
things, to permit the ongoing operation and functionality of the Services on a continuous basis and/or to facilitate the continuation
and/or resumption of, the Services. In the event of disruption in the Services for any reason including the occurrence of a Force Majeure
Event that causes Trustee to be required to allocate limited resources between or among Trustees affected customers, Trustee shall
not do so in a manner that is intended to treat the Company less favorably than other similarly situated affected customers generally.
In addition, in the event Trustee has knowledge that there is, or has been, an incident affecting the integrity or availability of Trustees
business continuity and disaster recovery system (the System), Trustee shall endeavor to notify the Company
in writing, as promptly as practicable, of the incident.

(n) The Trustee and the Transfer
Agent shall each be entitled to consult with legal counsel in the event that a question or dispute arises with regard to the construction
of any of the provisions hereof, and shall incur no liability and shall be fully protected in acting in accordance with the advice or
opinion of such counsel.

[Signature Page Follows]

8

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell

Name: Lynn Stockwell

Title: CEO

[Signature Page to Investment Management Trust
Agreement]

TRUSTEE:

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

By: /s/ Daniel Barnes

Name: Daniel Barnes

Title: Assistant Vice President

[Signature Page to Investment Management Trust
Agreement]

TRANSFER AGENT:

VSTOCK TRANSFER LLC

By: Jenny Chen

Name: Jenny Chen

Title: Compliance Officer

[Signature Page to Investment Management Trust
Agreement]

SCHEDULE
A

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

Trust Services

Acceptance Fee:

Waived

Initial Fees as they relate to Wilmington Trust
acting in the capacity of Trustee and includes review of the Investment Management/Trustee Agreement; acceptance of the Trustee appointment;
setting up of the Trust Account(s) and associated records; and coordination of receipt of funds, if any, for deposit to the Trust Account(s).
Acceptance Fee payable at time of Trust Agreement execution

Trustee - Administration Fee

$7,500 per annum

For review and execution of SPAC trust agreement,
including KYC review and onboarding; reporting; investment management of SPAC proceeds; dissolution of SPAC trust and distribution of
proceeds to transfer agent and/or investors; and other ongoing administrative services as required.

Out-of-Pocket Expenses: If any, Billed At Cost

EXHIBIT
A

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Wilmington Trust, National Association

1100 North Market Street

Rodney Square North

Wilmington, DE 19890

Attn: Daniel Barnes

dbarnes@wilmingtontrust.com

Re: Trust Account No. Termination Letter

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Pursuant to Section 1(i)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement among Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and
Wilmington Trust, National Association (the Trustee) and VStock Transfer LLC, as transfer agent for the Companys
securities, dated as of January 7, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that the Company has
entered into an agreement with [] (the Target Business) to consummate a Business Combination with Target
Business on or about [insert date]. The Company shall notify you at least forty-eight (48) hours in advance (or such shorter time period
as you may agree) of the actual date of the consummation of the Business Combination (the Consummation Date).
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account, and to transfer the proceeds
to the account of the paying agent specified by the Company to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of the funds held in the
Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company shall direct on the Consummation
Date (including as directed to it by the Representative (with respect to the Deferred Discount)). It is acknowledged and agreed that while
the funds are on deposit in the trust operating account awaiting distribution, the Company will not earn any interest or dividends.

On the Consummation Date (i)
counsel for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or will be consummated
substantially concurrently with your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification)
and (ii) the Company shall deliver to you (a) [an affidavit] [a certificate] of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, which verifies
that the Business Combination has been approved by a vote of the Companys shareholders, if a vote is held, and (b) a joint written
instruction signed by the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account, including
payment of amounts owed to Public Shareholders who have properly exercised their redemption rights and payment of the Deferred Discount
from the Trust Account (the Instruction Letter). You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds
held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the Notification and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of
the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without
penalty, you will notify the Company in writing of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in
the Trust Account and be distributed after the Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments
necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall
be terminated.

In the event that the Business
Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the
original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the
funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately
following the Consummation Date as set forth in the notice as soon thereafter as possible.

Very truly yours,

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Clear Street LLC 

EXHIBIT
B

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Wilmington Trust, National Association

1100 North Market Street

Rodney Square North

Wilmington, DE 19890

Attn: Daniel Barnes

dbarnes@wilmingtontrust.com

Re: Trust Account No. Termination Letter

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Pursuant to Section 1(i)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement among Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and
Wilmington Trust, National Association (the Trustee) and VStock Transfer LLC, as transfer agent for the Companys
securities, dated as of January 7, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that the Company has
been unable to effect a Business Combination with a Target Business within the time frame specified in the Companys second amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (as may be amended and/or restated from time to time), as described in the Companys
Registration Statement relating to the Offering. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the
Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms
of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account and to await distribution to the Public
Shareholders. The Company has selected [] as the effective date for the purpose of determining when the Public Shareholders will
be entitled to receive their share of the liquidation proceeds. Upon the distribution of all the funds, your obligations under the Trust
Agreement shall be terminated, except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 1(i) of the Trust Agreement. The Company further
instructs you that you are authorized to coordinate any and all redemption payments payable to the Companys shareholders requesting
redemption with the Companys transfer agent, VStock Transfer LLC.

Very truly yours,

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Clear Street LLC 

EXHIBIT
C

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Wilmington Trust, National Association

1100 North Market Street

Rodney Square North

Wilmington, DE 19890

Attn: Daniel Barnes

dbarnes@wilmingtontrust.com

Re: Trust Account No. Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Pursuant to Section 1(j)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement among Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and
Wilmington Trust, National Association (the Trustee) and VStock Transfer LLC, as transfer agent for the Companys
securities, dated as of January 7, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby requests that you deliver
to the Company $[] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized terms used but not defined
herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay for the tax obligations as set forth on the attached tax return or tax statement. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement,
you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys
operating account at:

[WIRE
INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

Very truly yours,

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Clear Street LLC 

EXHIBIT
D

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Wilmington Trust, National Association

1100 North Market Street

Rodney Square North

Wilmington, DE 19890

Attn: Daniel Barnes

dbarnes@wilmingtontrust.com

Re: Trust Account No. Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Pursuant to Section 1(k)
of the Investment Management Trust Agreement among Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and
Wilmington Trust, National Association (the Trustee) and VStock Transfer LLC, as transfer agent for the Companys
securities, dated as of January 7, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby requests that you deliver
to the Company $[] of the principal and interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized terms used but
not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds
to pay its Public Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Ordinary Shares redeemed by the Company in connection with a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to the Companys second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as may be amended
and/or restated from time to time, the Articles) (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of its public Ordinary
Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within such time as is described in the Articles or (ii) with
respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. As such,
you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the redeeming
Public Shareholders in accordance with your customary procedures.

Very truly yours,

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Clear Street LLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ea022913501ex10-3_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 7, 2025, BY AND AMONG THE COMPANY AND CERTAIN SECURITY HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement),
dated as of January 7, 2025, is made and entered into by and among Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted
company (the Company), Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor),
and the other parties listed on the signature pages hereto and any person or entity who hereafter becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant
to Section 5.2 of this Agreement (each such party, together with the Sponsor, a Holder and collectively,
the Holders).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Sponsor and certain other Holders
collectively own an aggregate of 9,857,143 (the Founder Shares) of the Companys ordinary shares, par
value $0.0001 per share (Ordinary Shares);

WHEREAS, on January 7, 2025, the Company
and the Sponsor entered into that certain Private Units Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase an aggregate
of 400,000 units (or up to 430,000 units depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised)
(the Private Placement Units) in a private placement transaction to close substantially concurrently with
the closing of the Companys initial public offering; each Private Placement Unit comprises of one Ordinary Share and one right
to receive one-eighth (1/8) of an ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination;

WHEREAS, the Company and the Holders desire
to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Company shall grant the Holders certain registration rights with respect to certain
securities of the Company, as set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the representations, covenants and agreements contained herein, and certain other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

Article
I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions.
The terms defined in this Article I shall, for all purposes of this Agreement, have the respective meanings set forth below:

Adverse Disclosure
shall mean any public disclosure of material non-public information, which disclosure, in the good faith judgment of the Chief Executive
Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company, after consultation with counsel to the Company, (i) would be required to be made in
any Registration Statement or Prospectus in order for the applicable Registration Statement or Prospectus not to contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein (in the case of any prospectus
and any preliminary prospectus, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, (ii) would not be required
to be made at such time if the Registration Statement were not being filed and (iii) the Company has a bona fide business purpose for
not making such information public.

Agreement shall have
the meaning given in the Preamble.

Board shall mean the
Board of Directors of the Company.

Business Combination
shall mean any merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination
with one or more businesses, involving the Company.

Commission shall mean
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Company shall have
the meaning given in the Preamble.

Demand Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Demanding Holder shall
have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Exchange Act shall
mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.

Form S-1 shall have
the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Form S-3 shall have
the meaning given in subsection 2.3.1.

Founder Shares shall
have the meaning given in the Recitals hereto

Founder Shares Lock-Up Period
shall mean, with respect to the Founder Shares, the period ending on the earlier of: (i) with respect to 50% of the Founder Shares,
the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination and the date on
which the closing price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after the
Companys initial Business Combination and (ii) with respect to the remaining 50% of the Founder Shares, six months after
the date of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to the Companys
initial Business Combination, the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results
in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.

Holders shall have
the meaning given in the Preamble.

Insider Letter shall
mean that certain letter agreement, dated January 7, 2025, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of the other parties thereto.

Maximum Number of Securities
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.4.

Misstatement shall
mean an untrue statement of a material fact or an omission to state a material fact required to be stated in a Registration Statement
or Prospectus or necessary to make the statements in a Registration Statement or Prospectus (in the case of a Prospectus, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading.

Permitted Transferees
shall mean any person or entity to whom a Holder of Registrable Securities is permitted to transfer such Registrable Securities prior
to the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-Up Period or the Private Placement Lock-Up Period, as the case may be, under the Insider
Letter and any other applicable agreement between such Holder and the Company and to any transferee thereafter.

Piggy-back Registration
shall have the meaning given in subsection 2.2.1.

Private Placement Lock-Up Period
shall mean, with respect to Private Placement Units (and underlying securities) that are held by the initial purchasers of the Private
Placement Units or their Permitted Transferees, the period ending on the earlier of: (i) with respect to 50% of the Private Placement
Units (and underlying securities), the earlier of six months after the date of the consummation of the Companys initial Business
Combination and the date on which the closing price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing after the Companys initial Business Combination and (ii) with respect to the remaining 50% of the Private Placement
Units (and underlying securities), six months after the date of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination,
or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to the Companys initial Business Combination, the Company consummates a liquidation,
merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of its shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary
shares for cash, securities or other property.

2

Private Placement Units
shall have the meaning given in the Recitals.

Prospectus shall mean
the prospectus included in any Registration Statement, as supplemented by any and all prospectus supplements and as amended by any and
all post-effective amendments and including all material incorporated by reference in such prospectus.

Registrable Security
shall mean (a) the Founder Shares, (b) the Private Placement Units (and underlying securities)), (c) any outstanding Ordinary Shares or
any other equity security (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise of any other equity security) of the Company
held by a Holder as of the date of this Agreement, (e) any equity securities (including the Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the
exercise of any such equity security) of the Company issuable upon conversion of any working capital loans in an amount up to $1,500,000
made to the Company by a Holder, and (f) any other equity security of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any successor, issued
or issuable with respect to any such Ordinary Shares by way of a share capitalization or share sub-division or in connection with a consolidation
of shares, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off or reorganization; provided, however, that, as to any particular
Registrable Securities, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (A) a Registration Statement with respect to the
sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed
of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (B) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates
for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution
of such securities shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (C) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding; (D)
such securities have been sold without registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act or Rule 144 or Rule 145 promulgated
under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission); or (E) such securities have been sold to, or
through, a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

Registration shall
mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements
of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registration Expenses
shall mean the out-of-pocket expenses of a Registration, including, without limitation, the following:

(A) all registration and filing fees (including fees with respect to filings required to be made with the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, Inc.) and any securities exchange on which the Ordinary Shares is then listed;

(B) fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including reasonable fees and disbursements of outside counsel for
the Underwriters in connection with blue sky qualifications of Registrable Securities);

(C) printing, messenger, telephone and delivery expenses;

(D) reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company;

(E) reasonable fees and disbursements of all independent registered public accountants of the Company incurred specifically in connection
with such Registration; and

(F) reasonable fees and expenses of one (1) legal counsel selected by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand
Registration to be registered for offer and sale in the applicable Registration.

Registration Statement
shall mean any registration statement that covers the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including the
Prospectus included in such registration statement, amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registration
statement, and all exhibits to and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

3

Requesting Holder shall
have the meaning given in subsection 2.1.1.

Securities Act shall
mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time.

Shelf shall have the
meaning given in subsection 2.3.1.

Sponsor shall have
the meaning given in the Preamble.

Underwriter shall mean
a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an Underwritten Offering and not as part of such dealers
market-making activities.

Underwritten Registration
or Underwritten Offering shall mean a Registration in which securities of the Company are sold to an Underwriter
in a firm commitment underwriting for distribution to the public.

Article
II

REGISTRATIONS

2.1 Demand
Registration.

2.1.1 Request for Registration. Subject to
the provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, at any time and from time to time on or after the date the Company
consummates the initial Business Combination, the Holders of at least a majority-in-interest of the then-outstanding number of Registrable
Securities (the Demanding Holders) may make a written demand for Registration under the Securities Act of
all or part of their Registrable Securities, which written demand shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such
Registration and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (such written demand a Demand Registration).
The Company shall, within ten (10) days of the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, notify, in writing, all other Holders
of Registrable Securities of such demand, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion
of such Holders Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration (each such Holder that includes all
or a portion of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration, a Requesting Holder) shall
so notify the Company, in writing, within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. Upon receipt by
the Company of any such written notification from a Requesting Holder(s) to the Company, such Requesting Holder(s) shall be entitled to
have their Registrable Securities included in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration and the Company shall effect, as soon thereafter
as practicable, the Registration of all Registrable Securities requested by the Demanding Holder(s) and Requesting Holder(s) pursuant
to such Demand Registration, including by filing a Registration Statement relating thereto as soon as practicable, but not more than forty-five
(45) days immediately after the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration. Under no circumstances shall the Company be obligated
to effect more than an aggregate of three (3) Registrations pursuant to a Demand Registration under this subsection 2.1.1 with
respect to any or all Registrable Securities; provided, however, that a Registration shall not be counted for such purposes
unless a Form S-1 or any similar long-form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-1)
has become effective and all of the Registrable Securities requested by the Requesting Holders to be registered on behalf of the Requesting
Holders in such Form S-1 Registration have been sold, in accordance with Section 3.1 of this Agreement.

2.1.2 Effective Registration. Notwithstanding
the provisions of subsection 2.1.1 above or any other part of this Agreement, a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration
shall not count as a Registration unless and until (i) the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to a Registration
pursuant to a Demand Registration has been declared effective by the Commission and (ii) the Company has complied with all of its obligations
under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided, further, that if, after such Registration Statement has been declared
effective, an offering of Registrable Securities in a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration is subsequently interfered with by
any stop order or injunction of the Commission, federal or state court or any other governmental agency the Registration Statement with
respect to such Registration shall be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (i) such stop order or injunction
is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders initiating such Demand Registration
thereafter affirmatively elect to continue with such Registration and accordingly notify the Company in writing, but in no event later
than five (5) days, of such election; provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated or required to file another
Registration Statement until the Registration Statement that has been previously filed with respect to a Registration pursuant to a Demand
Registration becomes effective or is subsequently terminated.

4

2.1.3 Underwritten Offering. Subject to the
provisions of subsection 2.1.4 and Section 2.4 hereof, if a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders so advise the
Company as part of their Demand Registration that the offering of the Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration shall
be in the form of an Underwritten Offering, then the right of such Demanding Holder or Requesting Holder (if any) to include its Registrable
Securities in such Registration shall be conditioned upon such Holders participation in such Underwritten Offering and the inclusion
of such Holders Registrable Securities in such Underwritten Offering to the extent provided herein. All such Holders proposing
to distribute their Registrable Securities through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.1.3 shall enter into an underwriting
agreement in customary form with the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the majority-in-interest of the Demanding
Holders initiating the Demand Registration.

2.1.4 Reduction of Underwritten Offering.
If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration, in good faith, advises
the Company, the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) in writing that the dollar amount or number of Registrable Securities
that the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if any) desire to sell, taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other
equity securities that the Company desires to sell and the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which a Registration has been requested pursuant
to separate written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by any other shareholders who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum
dollar amount or maximum number of equity securities that can be sold in the Underwritten Offering without adversely affecting the proposed
offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum
number of such securities, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Securities), then the Company shall include
in such Underwritten Offering, as follows: (i) first, the Registrable Securities of the Demanding Holders and the Requesting Holders (if
any) (pro rata based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that each Demanding Holder and Requesting Holder (if any) has
requested be included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Demanding Holders
and Requesting Holders have requested be included in such Underwritten Registration) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number
of Securities; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the
Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
Securities; and (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i)
and (ii), the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register in a Registration
pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities.

2.1.5 Demand Registration Withdrawal. A majority-in-interest
of the Demanding Holders initiating a Demand Registration or a majority-in-interest of the Requesting Holders (if any), pursuant to a
Registration under subsection 2.1.1 shall have the right to withdraw from a Registration pursuant to such Demand Registration for
any or no reason whatsoever upon written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of their intention to
withdraw from such Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to the
Registration of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration (or in the case of an Underwritten Registration pursuant
to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, at least two business days prior to the time of pricing of the applicable offering). Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (i) the Company may effect any Underwritten Registration pursuant to any then effective Registration
Statement, including a Form S-3, that is then available for such offering and (ii) the Company shall be responsible for the Registration
Expenses incurred in connection with a Registration pursuant to a Demand Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection
2.1.5.

5

2.2 Piggy-back
Registration.

2.2.1 Piggy-back Rights. If, at any time on
or after the date the Company consummates an initial Business Combination, the Company proposes to file a Registration Statement under
the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for,
or convertible into equity securities, for its own account or for the account of shareholders of the Company (or by the Company and by
the shareholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1 hereof), other than a Registration Statement (i)
filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely
to the Companys existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company
or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall give written notice of such proposed filing to all of the Holders of
Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but not less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of such Registration
Statement, which notice shall (A) describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of
distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, in such offering, and (B) offer to all of the
Holders of Registrable Securities the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities as such Holders may request
in writing within five (5) days after receipt of such written notice (such Registration a Piggy-back Registration).
The Company shall, in good faith, cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such Piggy-back Registration and shall use its best
efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed Underwritten Offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested
by the Holders pursuant to this subsection 2.2.1 to be included in a Piggy-back Registration on the same terms and conditions as
any similar securities of the Company included in such Registration and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All such Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities
through an Underwritten Offering under this subsection 2.2.1 shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with
the Underwriter(s) selected for such Underwritten Offering by the Company.

2.2.2 Reduction of Piggy-back Registration.
If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters in an Underwritten Registration that is to be a Piggy-back Registration, in good faith, advises
the Company and the Holders of Registrable Securities participating in the Piggy-back Registration in writing that the dollar amount or
number of Ordinary Shares that the Company desires to sell, taken together with (i) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration
has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable
Securities hereunder, (ii) the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof,
and (iii) the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested pursuant to separate written contractual piggy-back
registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Securities, then:

(a) If the Registration is undertaken for the Companys
account, the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities that the Company
desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number
of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register
their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof, pro rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities
that each Holder has so requested exercising its rights to register its Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1 hereof,
which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; and (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities
has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which Registration has been requested
pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, which can be sold without exceeding
the Maximum Number of Securities;

(b) If the Registration is pursuant to a request
by persons or entities other than the Holders of Registrable Securities, then the Company shall include in any such Registration (A) first,
the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities, if any, of such requesting persons or entities, other than the Holders of Registrable
Securities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of
Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Registrable Securities of Holders exercising their rights to register
their Registrable Securities pursuant to subsection 2.2.1, pro rata, based on the respective number of Registrable Securities that
each Holder has requested be included in such Underwritten Registration and the aggregate number of Registrable Securities that the Holders
have requested to be included in such Underwritten Registration, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
(C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary
Shares or other equity securities that the Company desires to sell, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Securities;
and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Securities has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C),
the Ordinary Shares or other equity securities for the account of other persons or entities that the Company is obligated to register
pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with such persons or entities, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number
of Securities.

6

2.2.3 Piggy-back Registration Withdrawal.
Any Holder of Registrable Securities shall have the right to withdraw from a Piggy-back Registration for any or no reason whatsoever upon
written notification to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters (if any) of his, her or its intention to withdraw from such Piggy-back
Registration prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Piggy-back Registration
(or in the case of an Underwritten Registration pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, at least two business days prior to the
time of pricing of the applicable offering). The Company (whether on its own good faith determination or as the result of a request for
withdrawal by persons pursuant to separate written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement filed with the Commission
in connection with a Piggy-back Registration at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company shall be responsible for the Registration Expenses incurred in connection with the Piggy-back
Registration prior to its withdrawal under this subsection 2.2.3.

2.2.4 Unlimited Piggy-back Registration Rights.
For purposes of clarity, any Registration effected pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof shall not be counted as a Registration pursuant
to a Demand Registration effected under Section 2.1 hereof.

2.3 Shelf
Registrations.

2.3.1 The Holders of Registrable Securities may at
any time, and from time to time, request in writing that the Company, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act (or any successor
rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), register the resale of any or all of their Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar
short-form registration statement that may be available at such time (Form S-3), or if the Company is ineligible
to use Form S-3, on Form S-1; a registration statement filed pursuant to this subsection 2.3.1 (a Shelf)
shall provide for the resale of the Registrable Securities included therein pursuant to any method or combination of methods legally available
to, and requested by, any Holder. Within three (3) days of the Companys receipt of a written request from a Holder or Holders of
Registrable Securities for a Registration on a Shelf, the Company shall promptly give written notice of the proposed Registration to all
other Holders of Registrable Securities, and each Holder of Registrable Securities who thereafter wishes to include all or a portion of
such Holders Registrable Securities in such Registration shall so notify the Company, in writing, within three (3) days after the
receipt by the Holder of the notice from the Company. As soon as practicable thereafter, but not more than ten (10) days after the Companys
initial receipt of such written request for a Registration on a Shelf, the Company shall file a Registration Statement relating to all
or such portion of such Holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such written request, together with all or such portion
of Registrable Securities of any other Holder or Holders joining in such request as are specified in the written notification given by
such Holder or Holders; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such Registration pursuant
to this subsection 2.3.1 if the Holders of Registrable Securities, together with the Holders of any other equity securities of
the Company entitled to inclusion in such Registration, propose to sell the Registrable Securities and such other equity securities (if
any) at any aggregate price to the public of less than $5,000,000. The Company shall maintain each Shelf in accordance with the terms
hereof, and shall prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements as may be
necessary to keep such Shelf continuously effective, available for use and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until
such time as there are no longer any Registrable Securities included on such Shelf. In the event the Company files a Shelf on Form S-1,
the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to convert the Form S-1 to a Form S-3 as soon as practicable after the Company
is eligible to use Form S-3.

2.4 Restrictions
on Registration Rights. If (A) during the period starting with the date sixty (60) days prior to the Companys good faith estimate
of the date of the filing of, and ending on a date one hundred and twenty (120) days after the effective date of, a Company initiated
Registration and provided that the Company has delivered written notice to the Holders prior to receipt of a Demand Registration pursuant
to subsection 2.1.1 and it continues to actively employ, in good faith, all reasonable efforts to cause the applicable Registration Statement
to become effective; (B) the Holders have requested an Underwritten Registration and the Company and the Holders are unable to obtain
the commitment of underwriters to firmly underwrite the offer; or (C) in the good faith judgment of the Board such Registration would
be seriously detrimental to the Company and the Board concludes as a result that it is essential to defer the filing of such Registration
Statement at such time, then in each case the Company shall furnish to such Holders a certificate signed by the Chairman of the Board,
the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary of the Company stating that in the good faith judgment of the Board it would
be seriously detrimental to the Company for such Registration Statement to be filed in the near future and that it is therefore essential
to defer the filing of such Registration Statement. In such event, the Company shall have the right to defer such filing for a period
of not more than thirty (30) days; provided, however, that the Company shall not defer its obligation in this manner more
than once in any 12-month period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall not be required
to effect or permit any Registration or cause any Registration Statement to become effective, with respect to any Registrable Securities
held by any Holder, until after the expiration of the Founder Shares Lock-Up Period or the Private Placement Lock-Up Period, as the case
may be.

7

Article
III

COMPANY PROCEDURES

3.1 General
Procedures. If at any time on or after the date the Company consummates an initial Business Combination, the Company is required to
effect the Registration of Registrable Securities, the Company shall use its best efforts to effect such Registration to permit the sale
of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended plan of distribution thereof, and pursuant thereto the Company shall, as
expeditiously as possible:

3.1.1 prepare and file with the Commission as soon
as practicable a Registration Statement with respect to such Registrable Securities and use its reasonable best efforts to cause such
Registration Statement to become effective and remain effective until all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement
have been sold;

3.1.2 prepare and file with the Commission such amendments
and post-effective amendments to the Registration Statement, and such supplements to the Prospectus, as may be reasonably requested by
the majority-in-interest of the Holders with Registrable Securities registered on such Registration Statement or any Underwriter of Registrable
Securities or as may be required by the rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration form used by the Company or
by the Securities Act or rules and regulations thereunder to keep the Registration Statement effective until all Registrable Securities
covered by such Registration Statement are sold in accordance with the intended plan of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement
or supplement to the Prospectus;

3.1.3 prior to filing a Registration Statement or
Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the Underwriters, if any, and the Holders of Registrable
Securities included in such Registration, and such Holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as proposed to
be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated
by reference therein), the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary Prospectus), and such other
documents as the Underwriters and the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration or the legal counsel for any such
Holders may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Holders;

3.1.4 prior to any public offering of Registrable
Securities, use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such
securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Holders of Registrable Securities
included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take such action necessary
to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental
authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that
may be necessary or advisable to enable the Holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the
disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required
to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify or take any action to which
it would be subject to general service of process or taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then otherwise so subject;

8

3.1.5 cause all such Registrable Securities to be
listed on each securities exchange or automated quotation system on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed;

3.1.6 provide a transfer agent or rights agent, as
applicable, and registrar for all such Registrable Securities no later than the effective date of such Registration Statement;

3.1.7 advise each seller of such Registrable Securities,
promptly after it shall receive notice or obtain knowledge thereof, of the issuance of any stop order by the Commission suspending the
effectiveness of such Registration Statement or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose and promptly use its
reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or to obtain its withdrawal if such stop order should be issued;

3.1.8 at least five (5) days prior to the filing
of any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or Prospectus, furnish a copy
thereof to each seller of such Registrable Securities or its counsel;

3.1.9 notify the Holders at any time when a Prospectus
relating to such Registration Statement is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, of the happening of any event as a result
of which the Prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes a Misstatement, and then to correct such
Misstatement as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof;

3.1.10 permit a representative of the Holders, the
Underwriters, if any, and any attorney or accountant retained by such Holders or Underwriter to participate, at each such persons
own expense, in the preparation of the Registration Statement, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply
all information reasonably requested by any such representative, Underwriter, attorney or accountant in connection with the Registration;
provided, however, that such representatives or Underwriters enter into a confidentiality agreement, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Company, prior to the release or disclosure of any such information;

3.1.11 obtain a cold comfort letter
from the Companys independent registered public accountants in the event of an Underwritten Registration, in customary form and
covering such matters of the type customarily covered by cold comfort letters as the managing Underwriter may reasonably
request, and reasonably satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.12 on the date the Registrable Securities are
delivered for sale pursuant to such Registration, obtain an opinion, dated such date, of counsel representing the Company for the purposes
of such Registration, addressed to the Holders, the placement agent or sales agent, if any, and the Underwriters, if any, covering such
legal matters with respect to the Registration in respect of which such opinion is being given as the Holders, placement agent, sales
agent, or Underwriter may reasonably request and as are customarily included in such opinions and negative assurance letters, and reasonably
satisfactory to a majority in interest of the participating Holders;

3.1.13 in the event of any Underwritten Offering,
enter into and perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the managing Underwriter of
such offering;

3.1.14 make available to its security holders, as
soon as reasonably practicable, an earnings statement covering the period of at least twelve (12) months beginning with the first day
of the Companys first full calendar quarter after the effective date of the Registration Statement which satisfies the provisions
of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission);

3.1.15 if the Registration involves the Registration
of Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000, use its reasonable efforts to make available senior executives
of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in
any Underwritten Offering; and

9

3.1.16 otherwise, in good faith, cooperate reasonably
with, and take such customary actions as may reasonably be requested by the Holders, in connection with such Registration.

3.2 Registration
Expenses. The Registration Expenses of all Registrations shall be borne by the Company. It is acknowledged by the Holders that the
Holders shall bear all incremental selling expenses relating to the sale of Registrable Securities, such as Underwriters commissions
and discounts, brokerage fees, Underwriter marketing costs and, other than as set forth in the definition of Registration
Expenses, all reasonable fees and expenses of any legal counsel representing the Holders.

3.3 Requirements
for Participation in Underwritten Offerings. No person may participate in any Underwritten Offering for equity securities of the Company
pursuant to a Registration initiated by the Company hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such persons securities on
the basis provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the Company and (ii) completes and executes all customary questionnaires,
powers of attorney, indemnities, lock-up agreements, underwriting agreements and other customary documents as may be reasonably required
under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.

3.4 Suspension
of Sales; Adverse Disclosure. Upon receipt of written notice from the Company that a Registration Statement or Prospectus contains
a Misstatement, each of the Holders shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities until he, she or it has received
copies of a supplemented or amended Prospectus correcting the Misstatement (it being understood that the Company hereby covenants to prepare
and file such supplement or amendment as soon as practicable after the time of such notice), or until he, she or it is advised in writing
by the Company that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed. If the filing, initial effectiveness or continued use of a Registration
Statement in respect of any Registration at any time would require the Company to make an Adverse Disclosure or would require the inclusion
in such Registration Statement of financial statements that are unavailable to the Company for reasons beyond the Companys control,
the Company may, upon giving prompt written notice of such action to the Holders, delay the filing or initial effectiveness of, or suspend
use of, such Registration Statement for the shortest period of time, but in no event more than ninety (90) days in any 12-month period,
determined in good faith by the Company to be necessary for such purpose. In the event the Company exercises its rights under the preceding
sentence, the Holders agree to suspend, immediately upon their receipt of the notice referred to above, their use of the Prospectus relating
to any Registration in connection with any sale or offer to sell Registrable Securities. The Company shall immediately notify the Holders
of the expiration of any period during which it exercised its rights under this Section 3.4.

3.5 Reporting
Obligations. As long as any Holder shall own Registrable Securities, the Company, at all times while it shall be a reporting company
under the Exchange Act, covenants to file timely (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period)
all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and to promptly
furnish the Holders with true and complete copies of all such filings. The Company further covenants that it shall take such further action
as any Holder may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Holder to sell the Ordinary Shares held
by such Holder without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 promulgated
under the Securities Act (or any successor rule promulgated thereafter by the Commission), including providing any legal opinions. Upon
the request of any Holder, the Company shall deliver to such Holder a written certification of a duly authorized officer as to whether
it has complied with such requirements.

10

Article
IV

INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION

4.1 Indemnification.

4.1.1 The Company agrees to indemnify, to the extent
permitted by law, each Holder of Registrable Securities, its officers, employees, affiliates, directors, partners, members, attorneys
and agents and each person who controls such Holder (within the meaning of the Securities Act) or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) (each,
an Holder Indemnified Party), from and against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket
expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable outside attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of material fact contained in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement
thereto or any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
not misleading, or any violation by the Company of the Securities Act or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the
Company and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with any such registration; and the Company shall promptly
reimburse the Holder Indemnified Party for any legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred by such Holder Indemnified Party in connection
with investigating and defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or expense whether or not any such person is a party to any such
claim or action and including any and all legal and other expenses incurred in giving testimony or furnishing documents in response to
a subpoena or otherwise; except insofar as the same are caused by or contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing
to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein. The Company shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers and directors and
each person who controls such Underwriters (within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing
with respect to the indemnification of the Holder.

4.1.2 In connection with any Registration Statement
in which a Holder of Registrable Securities is participating, such Holder shall furnish to the Company in writing such information and
affidavits as the Company reasonably requests for use in connection with any such Registration Statement or Prospectus and, to the extent
permitted by law, shall indemnify the Company, its directors, officers and agents and each person who controls the Company (within the
meaning of the Securities Act) from and against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses (including, without
limitation, reasonable outside attorneys fees) resulting from any untrue or alleged untrue statement of material fact contained
in any Registration Statement, Prospectus or preliminary Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto or any omission or
alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, but only
to the extent that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information or affidavit so furnished in writing by such Holder
expressly for use therein; provided, however, that the obligation to indemnify shall be several, not joint and several,
among such Holders of Registrable Securities, and the liability of each such Holder of Registrable Securities shall be in proportion to
and limited to the net proceeds received by such Holder from the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement.
The Holders of Registrable Securities shall indemnify the Underwriters, their officers, directors and each person who controls such Underwriters
(within the meaning of the Securities Act) to the same extent as provided in the foregoing with respect to indemnification of the Company.

4.1.3 Any person entitled to indemnification herein
shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which he, she or it seeks indemnification
(provided that the failure to give prompt notice shall not impair any persons right to indemnification hereunder to the extent
such failure has not materially prejudiced the indemnifying party) and (ii) unless in such indemnified partys reasonable judgment
a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties may exist with respect to such claim, permit such indemnifying
party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party. If such defense is assumed, the
indemnifying party shall not be subject to any liability for any settlement made by the indemnified party without its consent (but such
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). An indemnifying party who is not entitled to, or elects not to, assume the defense of a claim
shall not be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one counsel for all parties indemnified by such indemnifying party with
respect to such claim, unless in the reasonable judgment of any indemnified party a conflict of interest may exist between such indemnified
party and any other of such indemnified parties with respect to such claim. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the indemnified
party, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which cannot be settled in all respects by the payment of money
(and such money is so paid by the indemnifying party pursuant to the terms of such settlement) or which settlement does not include as
an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect
to such claim or litigation.

4.1.4 The indemnification provided for under this
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the indemnified party or any officer,
director or controlling person of such indemnified party and shall survive the transfer of securities. The Company and each Holder of
Registrable Securities participating in an offering also agrees to make such provisions as are reasonably requested by any indemnified
party for contribution to such party in the event the Companys or such Holders indemnification is unavailable for any reason.

11

4.1.5 If the indemnification provided under Section
4.1 hereof from the indemnifying party is unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party in respect of any losses,
claims, damages, liabilities and out-of-pocket expenses referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified
party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by the indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages, liabilities
and out-of-pocket expenses in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party and the indemnified
party, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and indemnified party shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact, was made by, or relates to information supplied by, such indemnifying
party or indemnified party, and the indemnifying partys and indemnified partys relative intent, knowledge, access to information
and opportunity to correct or prevent such action; provided, however, that the liability of any Holder under this subsection
4.1.5 shall be limited to the amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder in such offering giving rise to such liability. The
amount paid or payable by a party as a result of the losses or other liabilities referred to above shall be deemed to include, subject
to the limitations set forth in subsections 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3 above, any legal or other fees, charges or out-of-pocket
expenses reasonably incurred by such party in connection with any investigation or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that it would
not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this subsection 4.1.5 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other
method of allocation, which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in this subsection 4.1.5. No person
guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution pursuant
to this subsection 4.1.5 from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

Article
V

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Notices.
Any notice or communication under this Agreement must be in writing and given by (i) deposit in the United States mail, addressed to the
party to be notified, postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, (ii) delivery in person or by courier
service providing evidence of delivery, or (iii) transmission by hand delivery, electronic mail or facsimile. Each notice or communication
that is mailed, delivered, or transmitted in the manner described above shall be deemed sufficiently given, served, sent, and received,
in the case of mailed notices, on the third business day following the date on which it is mailed and, in the case of notices delivered
by courier service, hand delivery, electronic mail or facsimile, at such time as it is delivered to the addressee (with the delivery receipt
or the affidavit of messenger) or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation. Any notice or communication
under this Agreement must be addressed, if to the Company, to: Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp., 1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite
700, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301, Attention: Chief Executive Officer, and, if to any Holder, at such Holders address as set forth
in the Companys books and records. Any party may change its address for notice at any time and from time to time by written notice
to the other parties hereto, and such change of address shall become effective thirty (30) days after delivery of such notice as provided
in this Section 5.1.

5.2 Assignment;
No Third Party Beneficiaries.

5.2.1 This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations
of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or in part, except in connection with a Business Combination
and with the consent of each Holder party hereto. This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the holders of Registrable
Securities hereunder may be freely assigned or delegated by such holder of Registrable Securities in conjunction with and to the extent
of any transfer of Registrable Securities by any such holder.

5.2.2 Prior to the expiration of the Founder Shares
Lock-Up Period or the Private Placement Lock-Up Period, as the case may be, no Holder may assign or delegate such Holders rights,
duties or obligations under this Agreement, in whole or in part, except in connection with a transfer of Registrable Securities by such
Holder to a Permitted Transferee but only if such Permitted Transferee agrees to become bound by the transfer restrictions set forth in
this Agreement.

12

5.2.3 This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall
be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties and its successors and the permitted assigns of the Holders, which
shall include Permitted Transferees.

5.2.4 This Agreement shall not confer any rights
or benefits on any persons that are not parties hereto, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement and Section 5.2 hereof.

5.2.5 No assignment by any party hereto of such partys
rights, duties and obligations hereunder shall be binding upon or obligate the Company unless and until the Company shall have received
(i) written notice of such assignment as provided in Section 5.1 hereof and (ii) the written agreement of the assignee, in a form
reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement (which may be accomplished by an addendum
or certificate of joinder to this Agreement). Any transfer or assignment made other than as provided in this Section 5.2 shall
be null and void.

5.3 Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (including facsimile or PDF counterparts), each of which shall be deemed an original,
and all of which together shall constitute the same instrument, but only one of which need be produced.

5.4 Governing
Law; Venue. NOTWITHSTANDING THE PLACE WHERE THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE EXECUTED BY ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE
THAT (1) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTIONS
5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW AND NEW YORK CIVIL PRACTICE LAWS AND RULES 327(B), AS APPLIED TO AGREEMENTS
AMONG NEW YORK RESIDENTS ENTERED INTO AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN NEW YORK AND (2) SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, THE VENUE FOR ANY
ACTION TAKEN WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN NEW YORK COUNTY IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

5.5 TRIAL
BY JURY. EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE
COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING
OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.

5.6 Amendments
and Modifications. Upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at least a majority in interest of the Registrable Securities
at the time in question, compliance with any of the provisions, covenants and conditions set forth in this Agreement may be waived, or
any of such provisions, covenants or conditions may be amended or modified; provided, however, that notwithstanding the
foregoing, any amendment hereto or waiver hereof that adversely affects one Holder, solely in his, her or its capacity as a holder of
the shares of the Company, in a manner that is materially different from the other Holders (in such capacity) shall require the consent
of the Holder so affected. No course of dealing between any Holder or the Company and any other party hereto or any failure or delay on
the part of a Holder or the Company in exercising any rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any rights
or remedies of any Holder or the Company. No single or partial exercise of any rights or remedies under this Agreement by a party shall
operate as a waiver or preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies hereunder or thereunder by such party.

5.7 Other
Registration Rights. The Company represents and warrants that no person, other than a Holder of Registrable Securities, has any right
to require the Company to register any securities of the Company for sale or to include such securities of the Company in any Registration
filed by the Company for the sale of securities for its own account or for the account of any other person. Further, the Company represents
and warrants that this Agreement supersedes any other registration rights agreement or agreement with similar terms and conditions and
in the event of a conflict between any such agreement or agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail.

5.8 Term.
This Agreement shall terminate with respect to any Holder on the date that such Holder no longer holds any Registrable Securities. The
provisions of Section 3.5 and Article IV shall survive any termination.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused
this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above.

COMPANY:

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell

Name: Lynn Stockwell

Title: Chief Executive Officer

HOLDERS:

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION LLC

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell

Name: Lynn Stockwell

Title: Managing Member

/s/ / Lynn Stockwell

Lynn Stockwell

/s/ Glenn Worman

Glenn Worman

/s/ Catherine Do

Catherine Do

/s/ G. Sridhar Prasad

G. Sridhar Prasad

/s/ Myron W. Shulgan

Myron W. Shulgan

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ea022913501ex10-4_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED PRIVATE UNITS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 27, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

AMENDED AND RESTATED PRIVATE UNITS PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

January 27, 2025

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp. (the Company),
a blank check company newly incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with
one or more businesses (a Business Combination), intends to register its securities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (Securities Act), in connection with its initial public offering (IPO). The Company currently anticipates
selling units (Units) in the IPO, each comprising of one ordinary
share and one right to receive one-eighth (1/8) of an ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination.

Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC (the Sponsor)
hereby commits to purchase an aggregate of 400,000 units of the Company
(the Initial Private Units), each unit consisting of one ordinary
share and one right to receive one-eighth (1/8) of an ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination,
for a purchase price of $10.00 per unit and an aggregate purchase price of $4,000,000 (the Initial Purchase Price). Additionally,
if the underwriters in the IPO (the Underwriters) exercise their over-allotment option in full or in part, the undersigned
further commits to purchase up to an additional 30,000 units (the Additional Private Units and together with the Initial
Private Units, the Private Units) at a purchase price of $10.00 per unit, for an aggregate additional purchase price of
up to $300,000 (the Over-Allotment Purchase Price and together with the Initial Purchase Price, the Purchase Price).
Except for such portion of the Initial Purchase Price comprised of amounts to be converted from the Working Capital Loan (defined below),
the Sponsor shall pay, at least one (1) business day prior to the closing date of the IPO (the IPO Closing Date), the balance
of the Initial Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds, to accounts designated by the Company, including to the
trust account established by VStock Transfer, LLC, the Companys transfer agent and maintained by Wilmington Trust, National Association
acting as trustee (the Trust Account), in accordance with the Companys wiring instructions. On the IPO Closing Date,
subject to receipt of funds pursuant to the immediately prior sentence, the Company shall effect delivery of the Initial Private Units
to the Sponsor in book-entry form.

Simultaneously with the consummation of all or
any part of the underwriters over-allotment option, the Sponsor shall pay the pro-rata portion of the Over-Allotment Purchase Price,
based upon the amount of the over-allotment option that has been exercised, without interest or deduction, by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to the Company or the Trust Account (as set forth in the wire instructions). On each applicable over-allotment closing
date, subject to receipt of funds pursuant to the immediately prior sentence, the Company shall effect delivery of the Additional Private
Units to the Sponsor in book-entry form.

The Sponsor agrees that if the size of the IPO
is increased or decreased for any reason, the amount of the Sponsors investment will be either increased or decreased, as applicable,
so that the Sponsors percentage of the aggregate investment in Private Units made by the Sponsor and other investors of the Company
remains the same. If the size of the offering is increased, the Sponsor agrees that it will deliver the purchase price for such additional
Private Units as promptly as is reasonably practicable following the increase if it is on the IPO Closing Date. If the size of the offering
is decreased, the unused portion of the Purchase Price shall be returned to the Sponsor.

The consummation of the purchase and issuance of
the Initial Private Units and Additional Private Units (if any) shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO and over-allotment
option, respectively. If the Company does not complete the IPO within thirty (30) days from the effective date of the Companys
registration statement filed in connection with the IPO (the Registration Statement), the Purchase Price (without interest
or deduction) will be returned to the Sponsor.

The Private Units will be identical to the Units
sold by the Company in the IPO, except that:

the Sponsor agrees to vote the ordinary shares included in the Private Units (the Private Shares) in favor of any proposed
Business Combination;

the Sponsor agrees not to seek conversion, or seek to sell such shares in any tender offer, in connection with any amendment to the
Companys second memorandum and articles of association or any proposed Business Combination with respect to the Private Shares;

the Private Units and underlying securities will not be transferable until thirty (30) days after the completion of a Business Combination,
except (a) to the Companys officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of such officers or directors, any members
of the Sponsor, or any affiliates of the Sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of the individuals immediate
family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individuals immediate family or an affiliate of such person,
or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual;
(d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) transfers by private sales or transfers made in
connection with consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased;
(f) in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the completion of its initial business combination; (g) by virtue of the
laws of Delaware or the Sponsors limited liability company agreement, as amended, upon dissolution of the Sponsor; or (h) in the
event of the Companys completion of a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction which results
in all of its public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property subsequent
to the Companys completion of its initial business combination; or (i) to a nominee or custodian of a person or entity to whom
a disposition or transfer would be permissible under clauses (a) through (h) above; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a)
through (e) and (i) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions
and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreement dated as of the date hereof between the Company and its directors and officers
and the Sponsor;

the Private Units and underlying securities will have customary registration rights, pursuant to a registration rights agreement on
terms agreed upon by the Company and the Sponsor to be filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement;

the Sponsor will not participate in any liquidation distribution with respect to the Private Units or the underlying securities (but
will participate in liquidation distributions with respect to any Units or ordinary shares purchased by the Sponsor in the IPO or in the
open market after the IPO) if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination; and

the Private Units and underlying securities will include any additional terms or restrictions as is customary in other similarly structured
blank check company offerings or as may be reasonably required by the Underwriters in order to consummate the IPO, which terms or restrictions
will be described in the Registration Statement.

2

The Sponsor acknowledges and agrees that it will
execute agreements in form and substance typical for transactions of this nature necessary to effectuate the foregoing agreements and
obligations prior to the consummation of the IPO as are reasonably acceptable to the Sponsor, including but not limited to (i) an insider
letter agreement and (ii) a registration rights agreement, as applicable.

The Sponsor hereby represents and warrants that,
as applicable:

(a) it has been advised that the Private Units and underlying securities have not been registered under the Securities Act;

(b) it is acquiring the Private Units and underlying securities for its account for investment purposes only;

(c) it has no present intention of selling or otherwise disposing of the Private Units or underlying securities in violation of the securities
laws of the United States;

(d) it is an accredited investor as defined by Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended;

(e) it has had both the opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the officers and directors of the Company and all persons
acting on its behalf concerning the terms and conditions of the offer made hereunder;

(f) it is familiar with the proposed business, management, financial condition and affairs of the Company;

(g) it has full power, authority and legal capacity to execute and deliver this letter and any documents contemplated herein or needed
to consummate the transactions contemplated in this letter; and

(h) this letter constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Sponsor and is enforceable against it.

The Sponsor hereby agrees to provide the Company
up to $1,100,000 in working capital loans (the Working Capital Loan). The Sponsor further agrees that such loans shall be
converted into Private Units, at the price of $10.00 per unit. To the extent the amount of such loans is less than $1,100,000, the Sponsor
acknowledges and agrees that it (or, if applicable, it and any transferees of Private Units) shall surrender for cancellation any and
all rights to up to an aggregate of 110,000 Private Units at $10.00 per unit.

[Signature page follows]

3

Very truly yours,

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION LLC

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell

Name: Lynn Stockwell

Title: Managing Member

Accepted and Agreed: 

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell 

Name: Lynn Stockwell 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

[Signature Page to Private Units Purchase Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ea022913501ex10-5_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND EACH OF THE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

This Agreement, made and entered into effective
as of January 7, 2025 (Agreement), by and between Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company
(Company), and the undersigned indemnitee (Indemnitee).

WHEREAS, the adoption of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 and other laws, rules and regulations being promulgated have increased the potential for liability of officers and directors;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company
(Board) has determined that the ability to attract and retain such persons is in the best interests of the Companys
shareholders;

WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary
for the Company to obligate itself contractually to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that such persons will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern
that they will not be adequately indemnified;

WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and
in furtherance of the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and any resolutions adopted pursuant
thereto and shall neither be deemed to be a substitute therefor nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

WHEREAS, Indemnitee is willing to serve on behalf
of the Company on the condition that he or she be indemnified according to the terms of this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises
and the covenants contained herein, and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of the date hereof, the Company and
Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1. Definitions.
For purposes of this Agreement:

1.1 Change
in Control means a change in control of the Company occurring after the date hereof of a nature that would be required to be reported
in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or in response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), whether or not the Company is then subject to such
reporting requirement; provided, however, that, without limitation, such a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred
if after the date hereof (i) any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), other than
a person who is an officer or director of the Company on the date hereof (and any of such persons affiliates), is or becomes beneficial
owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing 50%
or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company without the prior approval of at least two-thirds
of the members of the Board in office immediately prior to such person attaining such percentage interest; (ii) the Company is a party
to a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other reorganization, or a proxy contest, as a consequence of which (A) members of the Board
in office immediately prior to such transaction or event constitute less than a majority of the Board thereafter or (B) the voting securities
of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction do not continue to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being
converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving
entity outstanding immediately after such transaction with the power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing
body of such surviving entity; or (iii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted
the Board (including for this purpose any new director whose election or nomination for election by the Companys shareholders was
approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning of such period or
whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board.

1.2 Corporate
Status means the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company or of any
other company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise which such person is or was
serving at the request of the Company. In addition, service at the actual request of the Company, for purposes of this Agreement,
Indemnitee shall be deemed to be serving or to have served at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee, agent or
fiduciary of any other enterprise if Indemnitee is or was serving as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of such
enterprise and (A) such enterprise is or at the time of such service was an affiliate of the Company, (B) such enterprise is or at
the time of such service was an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or an affiliate of
the Company or (C) the Company or an affiliate of the Company directly or indirectly caused Indemnitee to be nominated, elected,
appointed, designated, employed, engaged or selected to serve in such capacity.

1.3 Disinterested
Director means a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding in respect of which indemnification is
sought by Indemnitee.

1.4 Expenses
means all reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs (including trial and appeals), transcript costs, fees of experts, witness
fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, federal, state,
local, or foreign taxes imposed as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, and all other disbursements
or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating,
or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding.

Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred
in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding, including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other
costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts
paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

1.5 Independent
Counsel means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is,
nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any other matter material to either such
party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification
agreements), or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the term Independent Counsel does not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then
prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees
rights under this Agreement. Except as provided in the first sentence of Section 9.3 hereof, Independent Counsel shall be selected by
(a) the Disinterested Directors or (b) a committee of the Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors or if (a) and (b) above
are not possible, then by a majority of the full Board.

1.6 Proceeding
means any action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, administrative hearing or any other proceeding,
, whether conducted by or on behalf of the Company or any other party, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except
one initiated by an Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement to enforce his or her rights under this Agreement.

2. Services
by Indemnitee.

Indemnitee agrees to serve as a director, officer
or employee of the Company. Indemnitee may at any time and for any reason resign from such position (subject to any other contractual
obligation or any obligation imposed by operation of law).

3. Indemnification
General.

Except with respect to actions finally adjudicated
to be a result of actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect of the Indemnitee, the Company shall indemnify, and, subject to Section
26 hereof, advance Expenses to, Indemnitee as provided in this Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in effect on
the date hereof and to such greater extent as any amendment to or interpretation of applicable law may thereafter from time to time permit.
The rights of Indemnitee provided under the preceding sentence shall include, but shall not be limited to, the rights set forth in the
other Sections of this Agreement.

2

4. Proceedings
Other Than Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company.

Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of
indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, he or she is, was or is threatened to be made,
a party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company. Pursuant to this
Agreement, subject to Section 26 hereof, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid
in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with any such Proceeding or any claim,
issue or matter therein, if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the
best interests of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was
unlawful; provided, in no event shall Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless or advanced any amounts hereunder in respect
of any Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that Indemnitee may incur by reason
of his or her own actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect. Indemnitee shall not be found to have committed actual fraud, wilful
default or wilful neglect for any purpose of this Agreement unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding
to that effect.

5. Proceedings
by or in the Right of the Company.

Indemnitee shall be entitled to the rights of
indemnification provided in this Agreement if, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, he or she was or is threatened to be made, a
party to any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor.
Pursuant to this Agreement, subject to Section 26 hereof, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against amounts paid in settlement and Expenses
actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with the defense or settlement of any such Proceeding
if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no indemnification under this paragraph shall be made in respect of (1) a threatened or pending Proceeding
which is settled or otherwise disposed of, or (2) any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable
to the Company, unless and only to the extent that the court in which such Proceeding shall have been brought, was brought or is pending,
shall determine, upon application, that Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such portion of the settlement amount
and Expenses as the court deems proper.

6. Indemnification
for Expenses of Party Who is Wholly or Partly Successful.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
except for Section 26 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a party to and is successful,
on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding, he or she shall be indemnified against all Expenses (and, when eligible hereunder, amounts
paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not
wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues
or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses (and, when eligible hereunder, amount paid
in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim,
issue or matter. For purposes of this Agreement, the term successful, on the merits or otherwise, includes, but is not limited
to, (i) any termination, withdrawal, or dismissal (with or without prejudice) of any Proceeding against the Indemnitee without any express
finding of liability or guilt against him or her, and (ii) the expiration of 90 days after the making of any claim or threat of a Proceeding
without the institution of the same and without any promise or payment made to induce a settlement.

7. Indemnification
for Expenses as a Witness.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
except for Section 26 hereof, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her Corporate Status, a witness in any Proceeding,
he or she shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection
therewith.

3

8. Advancement
of Expenses and Other Amounts.

Subject to Section 26 hereof, the Company shall
advance all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement, incurred by or on behalf of
Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding within thirty (30) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from
Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances from time to time, whether prior to or after final disposition of such Proceeding. Such
statement or statements shall reasonably evidence the Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement, incurred by
Indemnitee and shall include or be preceded or accompanied by an agreement by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay any Expenses, judgments,
penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified
against such Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and, when eligible hereunder, amounts paid in settlement. In connection with any request
for advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement, Indemnitee shall not be required to provide any
documentation or information to the extent that the provision thereof would undermine or otherwise jeopardize attorney-client privilege.
The Companys obligation in respect of the advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement in
connection with a criminal Proceeding in which Indemnitee is a defendant shall terminate at such time as Indemnitee pleads guilty or is
convicted after trial and such conviction becomes final and no longer subject to appeal. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free.
Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay such amounts and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate
entitlement to indemnification under the other provisions of this Agreement.

9. Procedure
for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification.

9.1 To
obtain indemnification under this Agreement in connection with any Proceeding, and for the duration thereof, Indemnitee shall submit to
the Company a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee
and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company
shall, promptly upon receipt of any such request for indemnification, advise the Board in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification.

9.2 Upon
written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, a determination, if required by applicable law, with
respect to Indemnitees entitlement thereto shall be made in such case: (i) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, by Independent
Counsel (unless Indemnitee shall request that such determination be made by the Board or the shareholders, in which case in the manner
provided for in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this Section 9.2) in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee;
(ii) if a Change of Control shall not have occurred, at the election of the Company, (A) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting
of Disinterested Directors, or (B) if a quorum of the Board consisting of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable, by a majority of
a committee of the Board consisting of two or more Disinterested Directors, or (C) by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the
Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (D) by the shareholders of the Company, by a majority vote of a quorum consisting
of shareholders who are not parties to the proceeding, or if no such quorum is obtainable, by a majority vote of shareholders who are
not parties to such proceeding; or (iii) as provided in Section 10.2 of this Agreement. The Company promptly will advise Indemnitee in
writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason
or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to
Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the person, persons or entity
making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons
or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure
and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or expenses (including attorneys
fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be
borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby
indemnifies and agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.

4

9.3 If a Change of Control shall have
occurred, Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the
Board), and Indemnitee (or the Board, as the case may be) shall give written notice to the other party advising it of the identity
of Independent Counsel so selected. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within seven days after
such written notice of selection shall have been given, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written
objection to such selection. Such objection may be asserted only on the ground that Independent Counsel so selected does not meet
the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 1 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth
with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. If such written objection is made, Independent Counsel so selected may not
serve as Independent Counsel unless and until a court has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within 20 days after
submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have
been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition a court of competent jurisdiction, for resolution
of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel
and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by such court or by such other person as such court shall
designate, and the person with respect to whom an objection is so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent
Counsel under Section 9.2 hereof. The Company shall pay any and all reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel incurred by
such Independent Counsel in connection with its actions pursuant to this Agreement, and the Company shall pay all reasonable fees
and expenses incident to the procedures of this Section 9.3, regardless of the manner in which such Independent Counsel was selected
or appointed. Upon the due commencement date of any judicial proceeding pursuant to Section 11.1(iii) of this Agreement, Independent
Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of
professional conduct then prevailing).

10. Presumptions
and Effects of Certain Proceedings.

10.1 In
making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person or persons or entity making such determination
shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification
in accordance with Section 9.1 of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption by clear
and convincing evidence in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption.
Neither the failure of the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior
to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has
met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by the Disinterested Directors or Independent
Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that
Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

10.2 If the person, persons or entity
empowered or selected under Section 9 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not
have made a determination within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination
of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent
(i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees
statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification
under applicable law; provided, however, that such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed
an additional thirty (30) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to
indemnification in good faith require(s) such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information
relating thereto; and provided, further, however, that the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.2 shall not
apply (i) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by the shareholders pursuant to Section 9.2 of this
Agreement and if (A) within 15 days after receipt by the Company of the request for such determination the Board has resolved to
submit such determination to the shareholders for their consideration at an annual meeting thereof to be held within 75 days after
such receipt and such determination is made thereat, or (B) a special meeting of shareholders is called within 15 days after such
receipt for the purpose of making such determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within 60 days after having been so
called and such determination is made thereat, or (ii) if the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by
Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement. In connection with each meeting at which a shareholder determination
will be made, the Company shall solicit proxies that expressly include a proposal to indemnify or reimburse the Indemnitee. The
Company shall afford the Indemnitee ample opportunity to present evidence of the facts upon which the Indemnitee relies for
indemnification in any Company proxy statement relating to such shareholder determination. Subject to the fiduciary duties of its
members under applicable law, the Board will not recommend against indemnification or reimbursement in any proxy statement relating
to the proposal to indemnify or reimburse the Indemnitee.

5

10.3 The
termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of
nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the
right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee
had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

10.4 For
purposes of this Agreement, the Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to
be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause
to believe his or her conduct was unlawful, if his or her action is based on (i) the records or books of account of the Company, or another
enterprise, including financial statements, (ii) information supplied to him or her by the officers of the Company or another enterprise
in the course of their duties, (iii) the advice of legal counsel for the Company or another enterprise, or of an independent certified
public accountant or an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Company or another enterprise. The term another
enterprise as used in this Section shall mean any other company, corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other enterprise of which the Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, partner,
trustee, employee or agent. The provisions of this Section shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances
in which the Indemnitee may be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth herein. Whether or not the foregoing provisions
of this Section 10.4 are satisfied, it shall in any event be presumed that Indemnitee has at all times acted in good faith and in a manner
he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding,
to have had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitees conduct was unlawful. Anyone seeking to overcome this presumption shall
have the burden of proof and the burden of persuasion by clear and convincing evidence.

10.5 The
knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent
or employee of the Company shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

11. Remedies
of Indemnitee.

11.1 In
the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses is not timely made pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (iii) the determination
of indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 9.2 of this Agreement and such determination shall not have
been made and delivered in a written opinion within sixty (60) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv)
payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of
a written request therefor, or (v) payment of indemnification is not made within thirty (30) days after a determination has been made
that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or such determination is deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this Agreement,
Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in an appropriate court of the State of New York, or in any other court of competent jurisdiction,
of his or her entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or, when eligible hereunder,
amounts paid in settlement. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication.

11.2 In
the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification,
any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial on the merits and Indemnitee
shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.

11.3 If a determination
shall have been made or deemed to have been made pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to
indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section,
absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees
statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) prohibition of such indemnification
under applicable law.

6

11.4 The
Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to this Section that the procedures and presumptions
of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court that the Company is bound by all the provisions
of this Agreement.

11.5 In
the event that Indemnitee, pursuant to this Section, seeks a judicial adjudication of his or her rights under, or to recover damages for
breach of, this Agreement or any other agreement, including any other indemnification, contribution or advancement agreement, or any provision
of the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association now or hereafter in effect, or for recovery under directors
and officers liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be entitled to recover from the Company,
and shall be indemnified by the Company against, any and all expenses (of the kinds described in the definition of Expenses) actually
and reasonably incurred by him in such judicial adjudication, but only if he or she prevails therein. If it shall be determined in such
judicial adjudication that Indemnitee is entitled to receive less than all of the indemnification or advancement of expenses sought, the
expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such judicial adjudication shall be appropriately prorated. In addition, the Company
shall, if so requested by Indemnitee, advance the foregoing expenses to Indemnitee, subject to and in accordance with Section 8.

12. Procedure
Regarding Indemnification.

With respect to any Proceedings, the Indemnitee,
prior to taking any action with respect to such Proceeding, shall consult with the Company as to the procedure to be followed in defending,
settling, or compromising the Proceeding and may not consent to any settlement or compromise of the Proceeding without the written consent
of the Company (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The Company shall be entitled to participate in defending,
settling or compromising any Proceeding and to assume the defense of such Proceeding with counsel of its choice and shall assume such
defense if requested by the Indemnitee. Notwithstanding the election by, or obligation of, the Company to assume the defense of a Proceeding,
the Indemnitee shall have the right to participate in the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel of Indemnitees choice,
but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnitee unless (i) the employment of such counsel has been
authorized in writing by the Company, or (ii) the Indemnitee has reasonably concluded that there may be defenses available to him or her
which are different from or additional to those available to the Company (in which latter case the Company shall not have the right to
direct the defense of such Proceeding on behalf of the Indemnitee), in either of which events the fees and expenses of not more than one
additional firm of attorneys selected by the Indemnitee shall be borne by the Company. If the Company assumes the defense of a Proceeding,
then counsel for the Company and Indemnitee shall keep Indemnitee reasonably informed of the status of the Proceeding and promptly send
to Indemnitee copies of all documents filed or produced in the Proceeding, and the Company shall not compromise or settle any such Proceeding
without the written consent of the Indemnitee (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) if the relief provided shall
be other than monetary damages and shall promptly notify the Indemnitee of any settlement and the amount thereof.

13. Non-Exclusivity;
Survival of Rights; Insurance; Subrogation; Contribution.

13.1 The rights of
indemnification and to receive advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other
rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration
or repeal of this Agreement or any provision hereof shall be effective as to any Indemnitee with respect to any action taken or
omitted by such Indemnitee in his or her Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change
in applicable law and the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, whether by statute or
judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be
afforded currently under the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association or this Agreement, then
this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the
Company indemnifies the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Companys Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or
remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now
or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise,
shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

7

13.2 To
the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, employees,
agents or fiduciaries of the Company or of any other company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or
other enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance
with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary under
such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party
or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company
shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The
Company shall thereafter use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable
as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

13.3 In
the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery
of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such
documents as are reasonably necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

13.4 The
Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent
that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise.

13.5 If
a determination is made that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, after Indemnitee submits a written request therefor, under
this Agreement, then in respect of any threatened, pending or completed Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liability with the
Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding), the Company shall contribute to the amount of Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts
paid in settlement by the Indemnitee in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company
on the one hand and the Indemnitee on the other hand from the transaction from which Proceeding arose, and (ii) the relative fault of
the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand in connection with the events that resulted in such Expenses, judgments,
fines or amounts paid in settlement, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company on the
one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such Expenses, judgments,
fines or amounts paid in settlement. The Company agrees that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section
were determined by pro rata allocation or any other method of allocation that does not take into account the foregoing equitable considerations.
The determination as to the amount of the contribution, if any, shall be made by: (i) a court of competent jurisdiction upon the application
of both the Indemnitee and the Company (if the Proceeding had been brought in, and final determination had been rendered by such court);
(ii) the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors; or (iii) Independent Counsel, if a quorum is not
obtainable for purpose of (ii) above, or, even if obtainable, a quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs.

14. Duration
of Agreement.

This Agreement shall continue until and
terminate upon the later of: (a) ten (10) years after the date that Indemnitee shall have ceased to serve as a director and/or
officer of the Company, or (b) the final termination of all pending Proceedings in respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of
indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or amounts paid in settlement hereunder and or any
proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and
its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, heirs, executors, personal
representatives and administrators. The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase,
merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all, substantially all, or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company,
by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in
the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

8

15. Severability.

If any provision or provisions of this Agreement
shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the
remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such
provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be
affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Companys Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary
to conform to applicable law and the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and to give the maximum
effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without
limitation, each portion of any Section of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision
held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.

16. Entire
Agreement.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the Company and the Indemnitee with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understanding, negotiations
and discussion, both written and oral, between the parties hereto with respect to such subject matter (the Prior Agreements);
provided, however, that if this Agreement shall ever be held void or unenforceable for any reasons whatsoever, and is not
reformed pursuant to Section 15 hereof, then (i) this Agreement shall not be deemed to have superseded any Prior Agreements; (ii) all
of such Prior Agreements shall be deemed to be in full force and effect notwithstanding the execution of this Agreement; and (iii) the
Indemnitee shall be entitled to maximum indemnification benefits provided under any Prior Agreements, as well as those provided under
applicable law, the Companys Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, a vote of shareholders or resolution
of directors.

17. Exception
to Right of Indemnification or Advancement of Expenses.

17.1 Except
as provided in Section 11.5 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments,
penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim therein, brought or
made by him against the Company.

17.2 Indemnitee
shall not be entitled to indemnification or advancement of Expenses under this Agreement with respect to any Proceeding, or any claim
therein, arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar successor
statute.

18. Covenant
Not to Sue; Limitation of Actions; Release of Claims.

No legal action shall be brought and no cause
of action shall be asserted by or on behalf of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) against the Indemnitee, his or her spouse, heirs,
executors, personal representatives or administrators after the expiration of two (2) years from the date of accrual of such cause of
action and any claim or cause of action of the Company (or any of its subsidiaries) shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted
by the filing of a legal action within such two (2) year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitation
is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action, such shorter period shall govern.

19. Identical
Counterparts.

This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the
same Agreement.

9

20. Headings.

The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement
are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

21. Modification
and Waiver.

No supplement, modification or amendment of this
Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement
shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute
a continuing waiver.

22. Notice
by Indemnitee.

Indemnitee agrees promptly to notify the Company
in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating any Proceeding
or matter which may be subject to indemnification or advancement of Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines or amounts paid in settlement
covered hereunder. The failure to notify the Company on a timely basis shall not constitute a waiver of Indemnitees rights under
this Agreement, except to the extent that such failure or delay (i) causes the amounts paid or to be paid by the Company to be greater
than they otherwise would have been, (ii) adversely affects the Companys ability to obtain for itself or Indemnitee coverage or
proceeds under any insurance policy available to the Company or Indemnitee, or (iii) otherwise results in prejudice to the Company.

23. Notices.

All notices, requests, demands and other communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom
such notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the
third business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on
the signature page of this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

If to the Company, to:

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

or to such other address or such other person
as Indemnitee or the Company shall designate in writing in accordance with this Section, except that notices regarding changes in notices
shall be effective only upon receipt.

24. Governing
Law.

The parties agree that this Agreement shall be
governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and performed
in that state without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws. The Company and Indemnitee each hereby irrevocably consents
to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the federal courts within the State for all purposes in connection with
any action or proceeding that arises out of or relates to this Agreement and agrees that any action instituted under this Agreement shall
be brought only in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and any New York State court within that District.

10

25. Mutual
Acknowledgment.

Both the Company and
Indemnitee acknowledge that, in certain instances, federal law or applicable public policy may prohibit the Company from
indemnifying its directors and officers under this Agreement or otherwise.

Indemnitee understands and acknowledges that the Company
has undertaken or may be required in the future in certain circumstances to undertake with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission to submit the question of indemnification to a court for a determination of the Companys right under public policy
to indemnify Indemnitee.

26. Waiver
of Claims to Trust Account.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
Indemnitee hereby irrevocably waives any and all right, title, interest, causes of action and claims of any kind as a result of, or arising
out of, this Agreement (each, a Claim) in or to, and any and all right to seek payment of any amounts due to it out of,
the trust account established for the benefit of the public shareholders of the Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds
of the Companys initial public offering will be deposited (the Trust Account) as a result of, or arising out of,
this Agreement, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim it may have in the future, which Claim would reduce, encumber or otherwise adversely
affect the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account, and further agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment
or satisfaction of any Claim against the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly,
Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that any indemnification provided hereto will only be able to be satisfied by the Company if (i) the
Company has sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account to satisfy its obligations hereunder or (ii) the Company consummates an initial
business combination.

27. Miscellaneous.

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to
include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate.

[Signature Page Follows]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed
this Agreement on the day and year first above written.

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

By: 

Name: Lynn Stockwell

Title: Chief Executive Officer

INDEMNITEE: 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>ea022913501ex10-6_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 7, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

January 7, 2025

Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC

1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Re: Administrative Services
Agreement

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter agreement by and between Drugs Made
In America Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC (Sponsor), will confirm
our agreement that, commencing on the effective date (the Commencement Date) of the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Registration Statement) for the initial public offering of the Companys
securities and continuing until the earlier of (x) the consummation by the Company of an initial business combination or (y) the Companys
liquidation (in each case as described in the Registration Statement) (such earlier date hereinafter referred to as the Termination
Date):

(i) Sponsor
shall make available, or cause to be made available, to the Company, or any successor certain office
space, administrative and support services as may be reasonably required by the Company. In exchange therefor, the Company shall
pay Sponsor the sum of $10,000 per month on the Commencement Date and continuing monthly thereafter until the Termination Date; and

(ii) Sponsor
hereby irrevocably waives any and all right, title, interest, causes of action and claims of any kind as a result of, or arising out of,
this letter agreement (each, a Claim) in or to, and any and all right to seek payment of any amounts due to it out of, the
trust account established for the benefit of the public shareholders of the Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds of
the Companys initial public offering will be deposited (the Trust Account) as a result of, or arising out of, this
letter agreement, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim it may have in the future, which Claim would reduce, encumber or otherwise adversely
affect the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account, and further agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment
or satisfaction of any Claim against the Trust Account or any monies or other assets in the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

This letter agreement constitutes the entire agreement
and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations
by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions
contemplated hereby.

This letter agreement may not be amended, modified
or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by the parties hereto.

No party hereto may assign either this letter agreement
or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other party. Any purported assignment
in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the
purported assignee.

This letter agreement constitutes the entire relationship
of the parties hereto, and any litigation between the parties (whether grounded in contract, tort, statute, law or equity) shall be governed
by, construed in accordance with, and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its choice of
law principles.

[Signature Page Follows]

Very truly yours,

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell

Name: Lynn Stockwell

Title: Chief Executive Officer

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY: 

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION LLC 

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell 

Name: Lynn Stockwell 

Title: Managing Member 

[Signature Page to Administrative Services
Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ea022913501ex10-7_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>NOTE CONVERSION AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF JANUARY 29, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7

NOTE CONVERSION AGREEMENT

This NOTE CONVERSION AGREEMENT
(this Agreement) is made as of January 29, 2025 by and between Drugs Made In America
Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Drugs
Made In America Acquisition LLC (the Holder).

R E C I T A L S

WHEREAS, the Company
issued to the Holder a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to $1,850,000, dated as of December 5, 2024 (the Note);

WHEREAS, in connection
with the consummation of the Companys initial public offering, the Holder desires to convert up to $900,000 of the amounts due
and outstanding under the Note (the Conversion Amount) into units of the Company, each unit will consist of one ordinary
share of the Company and one right to receive one-eighth (1/8) of an ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination
(the Private Units), at a price of $10.00 per unit;

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and the mutual representations, warranties, covenants, agreements and conditions set forth herein, and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Conversion
of Notes into the Units. The Company and the Holder acknowledge, agree, represent, warrant and covenant to each other as follows:

(a) The
Note is hereby amended to provide for the immediate conversion of the Conversion Amount under the Note.

(b) The
Conversion Amount under the Note shall be converted into 90,000 Private Units (the Conversion Units). Promptly following
the date hereof, the Company shall issue and deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates evidencing the issuance of the Conversion
Units or shall cause the Companys transfer agent to deliver to the Holder a statement evidencing the book-entry position for the
Conversion Units in the Holders name.

(c) Except
as provided in this Agreement, the Conversion Amount under the Note shall be fully and wholly satisfied and extinguished, and neither
Holder, nor any person or entity claiming under, through or by right of Holder, nor any successor, assignee or other party, shall make
any further claim against the Company relating to or arising out of the Note with respect to the Conversion Amount. Except as specifically
set forth herein, the Note shall remain in full force and effect. Holder shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, and their respective
employees, officers, directors and agents, from any and all losses relating to or arising out of the Note with respect to the Conversion
Amount.

2. Representations
and Warranties of the Holder. The Holder hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

(a) The
Holder has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. This Agreement constitutes
the Holders valid and legally binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(b) The
Holder is the sole holder of the Note.

(c) The
Holder is acquiring the Conversion Units for investment for the Holders own account and not with a view to, or for resale in connection
with, any distribution thereof, and the Holder has no present intention of selling or distributing the Conversion Units. The Holder understands
that the Conversion Units have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act),
and are being issued to the Holder by reason of a specific exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act. The Holder
is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 promulgated under the Securities Act.

(d) Restrictions
on Resale.

(i) Legend.
The Holder acknowledges that until registered under the Securities Act, the certificates representing the Conversion Units shall bear
the following or similar legend:

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED. THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE,
PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES
LAW OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

(ii) Stop
Order. The Holder further acknowledges that the Company reserves the right to place a stop order against the instruments representing
the Conversion Units and to refuse to effect any transfers thereof in the absence of an effective registration statement with respect
to the Conversion Units or in the absence of an opinion of counsel to the Company that such transfer is exempt from registration under
the Securities Act and under applicable state securities laws.

3. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Holder as follows:

(a) The
Company has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. This Agreement constitutes
the Companys valid and legally binding obligation, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(b) The
issuance of the Conversion Units has been duly authorized by the Company and the shares underlying the Conversion Units, when issued upon
conversion of the Conversion Amount in accordance with the terms hereof, will be validly issued as fully paid and nonassessable.

2

(c) The
rights underlying such Units, when issued upon conversion of the Conversion Amount in accordance with the terms hereof, will be valid
and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, and the shares for which the rights
are to be convertible, when issued subject to the terms and conditions of the rights agreement and the memorandum and articles of association
of the Company, will be validly issued as fully paid and non-assessable.

4. General.

(a) This
Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, regardless of the laws that might
otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law.

(b) The
provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, assigns, transferees, heirs, legatees,
executors, administrators and personal representatives of the parties hereto.

(c) This
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and this Agreement supersedes
and renders null and void any and all other prior oral or written agreements, understandings or commitments pertaining to the subject
matter hereof.

(d) This
Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together,
shall constitute one and the same instrument. Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic
signature) or other transmission method, and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and
be valid and effective for all purposes.

[Remainder of page intentionally
left blank]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Note Conversion Agreement as of the date first written above.

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell

Name: Lynn Stockwell

Title: Chief Executive Officer

HOLDER: 

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION LLC

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell

Name: Lynn Stockwell

Title: Managing Member
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ea022913501ex10-8_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED AS OF JANUARY 29, 2025, ISSUED TO DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.8

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED
OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.

PROMISSORY NOTE

Principal Amount: Up to $1,100,000 As of January 29, 2025

Drugs Made In America Acquisition
Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (Maker), promises to pay to the order of Drugs Made In America Acquisition
LLC or its successors or assigns (Payee) the principal sum of up to One Million One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,100,000)
in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below.

1.Principal and Drawdowns. Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request up to One Million One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,100,000)
for working capital purposes. The principal of this Note may be drawn down from time to time by written request by Maker to Payee up until
the full amount has been drawn. The principal balance of this Note shall be due and payable by Maker upon a Repayment/Conversion Trigger
Event, as such term is defined below.

(a)Each of the following shall constitute a Repayment/Conversion Trigger Event:

(i) the closing of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more businesses in an initial business combination (a DeSPAC Transaction);
or

(ii) subject to the terms below, the liquidation of Maker (a Liquidation), that occurs
while the Note is outstanding or any time thereafter prior to the repayment of the Note.

Maker shall provide Payee
reasonable prior written notice of any Repayment/Conversion Trigger Event, and to the extent applicable, a copy of the material terms
and conditions of the DeSPAC Transaction.

(b)Form of Repayment. All amounts due under this Note shall be repaid in cash.

2.Interest. No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

3.Drawdown
Requests. Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request up to an aggregate of One Million One Hundred Thousand Dollars
($1,100,000) for costs reasonably related to Makers IPO and DeSPAC Transaction. The principal of this Note may be drawn down
from time to time prior to the Maturity Date upon written request from Maker to Payee (each, a Drawdown
Request). Each Drawdown Request must state the amount to be drawn down, and must not be an amount less than Ten Thousand
Dollars ($10,000) unless agreed upon by Maker and Payee. Payee shall fund each Drawdown Request no later than five (5) business days
after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided, however, that the maximum amount of drawdowns collectively under this Note is One
Million One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($1,100,000). Once an amount is drawn
down under this Note, it shall not be available for future Drawdown Requests even if prepaid. No fees, payments or other amounts shall
be due to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all payments shall
be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation)
reasonable attorneys fees, and then to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

4.Application of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection
of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorneys fees, then to the payment in full of any late
charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note.

5.Events of Default. The following shall constitute an Event of Default:

(a)Failure to Make Required Payments. Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due on the date when due.

(b)Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under the United States Bankruptcy Code, as now
constituted or hereafter amended, or any other applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law,
or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator
(or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit
of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action by Maker
in furtherance of any of the foregoing.

(c)Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in
respect of Maker in an involuntary case under the United States Bankruptcy Code, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar
official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance
of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days.

6.Remedies.

(a)Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a), Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note
to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable hereunder, shall
become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly
waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.

(b)Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 5(b) and 5(c), the unpaid principal balance of, and all other
sums payable with regard to, this Note shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on
the part of Payee.

7. Waivers. Maker
and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest,
and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under
the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property,
real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under
execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees
that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, or any writ of execution issued
hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee.

2

8.Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default,
or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any
other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or
consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee
with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may
become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Makers liability hereunder.

9.Notices. Any notice called for hereunder shall be deemed properly given if (i) sent by certified mail, return receipt requested,
(ii) personally delivered, (iii) dispatched by any form of private or governmental express mail or delivery service providing receipted
delivery, (iv) sent by facsimile or electronic transmission or (v) sent by electronic mail, to the following addresses or to such other
address as either party may designate in writing by such party in accordance with this Section:

If to Maker:

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

If to Payee:

Drugs Made In America Acquisition LLC

1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Notice shall be deemed given on the earlier of
(i) actual receipt by the receiving party, (ii) the date shown on a facsimile or electronic transmission confirmation, (iii) the date
on which an electronic mail transmission was received by the receiving partys on-line access provider, (iv) the date reflected
on a signed delivery receipt, or (v) two (2) business days following tender of delivery or dispatch by express mail or delivery service.

10.Construction. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard
to conflict of law provisions thereof.

11.Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to
such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions
hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in
any other jurisdiction.

12. Trust Waiver.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind
(Claim) in or to any distribution of or from the trust account established for the benefit of Makers
public shareholders in which the proceeds of Makers initial public offering (the IPO) (including the
deferred underwriters discounts and commissions) and the proceeds of the sale of the units issued in a private placement which
occurred concurrently with the closing of the IPO were deposited, as described in greater detail in the final prospectus filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or
satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever.

13.Amendment; Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent
of Maker and Payee.

14.Assignment. No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto
(by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the
required consent shall be void.

[SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker,
intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first above written.

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell 

Name: Lynn Stockwell 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Acknowledged and Accepted:

DRUGS MADE IN AMERICA ACQUISITION LLC

By: /s/ Lynn Stockwell 

Name: Lynn Stockwell 

Title: Member
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ea022913501ex99-1_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED JANUARY 27, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.
Announces Pricing of $200,000,000 Initial Public Offering

January 27, 2025
Fort Lauderdale, FL Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: DMAAU) (the Company)
announced today the pricing of its initial public offering of 20,000,000 units at $10.00 per unit. The units are expected to be listed
on the Nasdaq Global Market (Nasdaq) and trade under the ticker symbol DMAAU beginning January 28,
2025. Each unit consists of one ordinary share and one right to receive one-eighth (1/8) of an ordinary share upon the consummation of
an initial business combination. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the ordinary shares and rights are expected
to be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols DMAA and DMAAR, respectively. The underwriter has been granted a
45-day option to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 units offered by the Company to cover over-allotments, if any. The offering is
expected to close on January 29, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

Clear Street is acting
as the sole book-running manager in the offering. Loeb & Loeb LLP is serving as legal counsel to the Company. Winston & Strawn
LLP is serving as legal counsel to Clear Street.

A registration statement
on Form S-1 (333-281170) relating to these securities has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and
was declared effective on January 7, 2025, and a post-effective amendment to the registration statement was declared effective on January
27, 2025. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the prospectus may be obtained, when available, from Clear
Street, Attn: Syndicate Department, 150 Greenwich Street, 45th floor, New York, NY 10007, by email at ecm@clearstreet.io, or from
the SEC website at www.sec.gov.

This press release
shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state
or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Drugs Made
In America Acquisition Corp.

The Company is a blank
check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar business combination with one or more businesses.
It has not selected any specific business combination target and has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination. While the Company may pursue
a business combination target in any business, industry or geographical location, it intends to focus its search for businesses in the
pharmaceutical industry. The Company believes that it is possible to mitigate risks in the U.S. medical supply chain by investing in companies
that will reduce Americas overreliance on production of pharmaceuticals from concentrated geographic regions through investments
in strategic on-shoring of advanced domestic manufacturing technologies for critical drugs.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This press release
includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical
facts. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking
statements. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking
statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Companys expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions
or circumstances on which any statement is based. No assurance can be given that the offering discussed above will be completed on the
terms described, or at all. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond the control of the
Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Registration Statement and related preliminary prospectus filed
in connection with the initial public offering with the SEC. Copies are available on the SECs website, www.sec.gov.

Contact Information

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Lynn Stockwell

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chair

Email: executive@dmaacorp.com

Phone: (954) 870-3099
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>ea022913501ex99-2_drugs.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE DATED JANUARY 29, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp. Announces Closing of $200,000,000
Initial Public Offering

Fort Lauderdale, FL, Jan. 29, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Drugs Made In
America Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: DMAAU), (the Company) today announced that it closed its initial public offering
of 20,000,000 units at $10.00 per unit. The gross proceeds from the offering were $200 million before deducting underwriting discounts
and estimated offering expenses. The units began trading on the Nasdaq Global Market ("Nasdaq") under the ticker symbol
"DMAAU on January 28, 2025.

Each unit consists of one ordinary share and one right to receive one-eighth
(1/8) of an ordinary share upon the consummation of an initial business combination. Once the securities comprising the units begin separate
trading, the ordinary shares and rights are expected to be listed on Nasdaq under the symbols "DMAA" and "DMAAR",
respectively.

Clear Street acted as the sole book-running manager in the offering.
Loeb & Loeb LLP served as legal counsel to the Company. Winston & Strawn LLP served as legal counsel to Clear Street.

The offering was made only by means of a prospectus, copies of which
may be obtained from Clear Street, Attn: Syndicate Department, 150 Greenwich Street, 45th floor, New York, NY 10007, or by email at ecm@clearstreet.io.
A registration statement relating to these securities was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC")
on January 7, 2025 and a post-effective amendment was declared effective by the SEC on January 27, 2025.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation
of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or
sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About Drugs Made In America Acquisition Corp.

The
Company is a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company incorporated for the purpose of effecting
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar business combination
with one or more businesses. It has not selected any specific business combination target and has not, nor has anyone on its behalf,
engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business
combination. While the Company may pursue a business combination target in any business, industry or geographical location, it intends
to focus its search for businesses in the pharmaceutical industry. The Company believes that it is possible to mitigate risks in the
U.S. medical supply chain by investing in companies that will reduce Americas overreliance on production of pharmaceuticals from
concentrated geographic regions through investments in strategic on-shoring of advanced domestic manufacturing technologies for critical
drugs.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release
includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical
facts. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking
statements. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking
statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Company's expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions
or circumstances on which any statement is based. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous conditions, many of which are beyond
the control of the Company, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Registration Statement, as amended by the post-effective
amendment, and related preliminary prospectus filed in connection with the initial public offering with the SEC. Copies are available
on the SEC's website, www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after
the date of this release, except as required by law.

Contact Information

Drugs Made In America
Acquisition Corp.

1 East Broward Boulevard, Suite 700

Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301

Lynn Stockwell

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chair

Email: executive@dmaacorp.com

Phone: (954) 870-3099
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>ex3-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>ex3-1_002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>