<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001140361-25-000873.txt : 20250113
<SEC-HEADER>0001140361-25-000873.hdr.sgml : 20250113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250113071706
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-25-000873
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250110
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LITTELFUSE INC /DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000889331
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SWITCHGEAR & SWITCHBOARD APPARATUS [3613]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				363795742
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20388
		FILM NUMBER:		25524795

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6133 NORTH RIVER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			ROSEMONT
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		773-628-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6133 NORTH RIVER ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			ROSEMONT
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60018
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ef20041414_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

falseLITTELFUSE INC /DE000088933100008893312025-01-102025-01-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): January 10, 2025

LITTLEFUSE, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware

0-20388

36-3795742

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

6133 N. River Rd.

Suite 500

Rosemont, IL60018

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Zip Code)

(773) 628-1000

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code

N/A

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR
230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act
(17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act
(17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

LFUS

NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405 of this
chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or
Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 10, 2025, David W. Heinzmann notified the Board of Directors (the Board) of Littelfuse, Inc. (the Company) of his intention to retire as President and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, effective February 10, 2025. Mr. Heinzmann has agreed to serve the Company as Special Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer for a transition period following his retirement as President and Chief Executive
Officer. Mr. Heinzmann also notified the Board of his intention to not stand for re-election as a member of the Board at the Companys 2025 annual meeting of stockholders.

On January 10, 2025, the Board appointed Gregory N. Henderson to succeed Mr. Heinzmann as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective February 10, 2025.

Dr. Henderson, 56, has been a member of the Board since May 2023. From 2017 to 2024, Dr. Henderson was the Senior Vice President of the Automotive & Energy,
Communications, and Aerospace Group for Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI), a semiconductor company specializing in data conversion, signal processing and power management technology. Previously, he served as Vice President of the RF and Microwave
Business for Analog Devices from 2014 to 2017, and as Vice President of the RF and Microwave Business for Hittite Microwave Corporation until its acquisition by Analog Devices in 2014. Before joining Hittite, Dr. Henderson held various positions of
increasing technical and leadership responsibility at Harris Corporation, Tyco Electronics, TriQuint Semiconductor, and IBM (NYSE: IBM). Dr. Henderson holds a bachelors degree in electrical engineering from Texas Tech University and a Ph.D. in
electrical engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology. Dr. Henderson has no family relationship to the Company nor to any of its directors or executive officers, and there are no transactions in which Dr. Henderson has an interest
requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K other than compensation he received from the Company in connection with his service on the Board as previously disclosed by the Company.

Retirement Letter with Mr. Heinzmann

In connection with Mr. Heinzmanns retirement, the Company and Mr. Heinzmann entered into a retirement letter, dated January 10, 2025 (the Retirement Letter), pursuant to
which Mr. Heinzmann will, following his retirement as President and Chief Executive Officer, continue in employment as Special Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer for an initial term of six months, which may be extended for up to six additional
months upon mutual agreement, unless earlier terminated.

During the Special Advisor term, Mr. Heinzmann will continue to receive base salary at the current rate and participate in the Companys employee benefit and perquisite
plans. He will not participate in the Companys annual incentive plan for 2025 or receive any equity compensation awards in 2025. Either party may terminate Mr. Heinzmanns employment as Special Advisor at any time upon 30 days written notice. If
such termination is by the Company without cause before the end of the then-current term, Mr. Heinzmann will be entitled to receive base salary for the remainder of such term in a lump sum. Unless earlier terminated, Mr. Heinzmanns employment will
terminate automatically at the end of the then-current term. Mr. Heinzmanns change of control agreement with the Company will cease to be in effect as of his retirement as President and Chief Executive Officer on February 10, 2025.

Following the end of the Special Advisor term, the Company will reimburse Mr. Heinzmann for premiums for COBRA coverage at the then-current level for up to 18 months. The
termination of Mr. Heinzmanns employment at the end of the Special Advisor term will constitute a Retirement for purposes of his outstanding equity awards. The foregoing summary of the Retirement Letter is only a summary and is qualified in its
entirety by the full text of the Retirement Letter, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Offer Letter with Dr. Henderson

In connection with Dr. Hendersons appointment, the Company and Dr. Henderson entered into an offer letter, dated January 10, 2025 (the Offer Letter), pursuant to which
Dr. Henderson will receive an initial base salary of $1,000,000 per annum and an initial annual target bonus opportunity of 125% of base salary (prorated for partial years of service). He will participate in the Companys annual equity grant program
along with other executives in April 2025, with grant levels to be determined at that time by the Compensation Committee of the Board but targeted at the 50th percentile of market (expected to be approximately $4.55 million) and not prorated. In
addition, Dr. Henderson will be granted an initial performance share award with a target value of $7 million on February 10, 2025 based on the closing price of Company common stock on such date. The performance share award will vest based on the
Companys total shareholder return relative to the Russell 3000 Index over a three-year performance period commencing on February 10, 2025. Dr. Henderson will also participate in the Companys benefit plans and perquisites programs.

Dr. Henderson will participate in the Companys Executive Severance Policy (as described in the Companys Annual Proxy Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on March 14, 2024) with a severance multiple of 2.0. For purposes of the policy, a termination of Dr. Hendersons employment by him for good reason (as defined in the Offer Letter) prior to February 10, 2028 will be treated as a
termination by the Company without cause thereunder. In addition, if prior to February 10, 2028 the Company terminates the policy or amends it with less favorable terms, Dr. Henderson will be provided with coverage through such date under an
individualized severance agreement with terms (in combination with those in the amended policy) no less favorable in all material respects as the current policy. In accordance with the Offer Letter, Dr. Henderson also entered into a change of
control agreement (COC Agreement) with the Company on the Companys standard form, with a severance multiple of 3.0. The COC Agreement will be in effect through February 10, 2028 and contains terms as described in the Companys Annual Proxy
Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2024.

The foregoing summaries of the Offer Letter and COC Agreement are only summaries and are qualified in their entirety by the full text of the Offer Letter and COC Agreement,
copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

A copy of the press release announcing the retirement of Mr. Heinzmann and the appointment of Dr. Henderson is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number 

Description

10.1 

Retirement Letter, dated January 10, 2025, by and between Littelfuse, Inc. and David W. Heinzmann.

10.2 

Offer Letter, dated January 10, 2025, by and between Littelfuse, Inc. and Gregory N. Henderson.

10.3 

Change of Control Agreement, dated January 10, 2025, by and between Littelfuse, Inc. and Gregory N. Henderson.

99.1 

Press Release, dated January 13, 2025.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

-2-

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Date: January 13, 2025 

LITTELFUSE, INC.

By: 

/s/ Ryan K. Stafford

Name: 

Ryan K. Stafford

Title: 

Executive Vice President, Mergers & Acquisitions, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary

-3-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ef20041414_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

David W. Heinzmann

c/o Littelfuse, Inc.

6133 N. River Rd.

Suite 500

Rosemont, IL 60018

January 10, 2025

Re: 

Retirement

Dear Dave:

This letter memorializes our recent conversations related to your upcoming retirement as President and Chief Executive Officer of Littelfuse, Inc. (the Company) on February 10, 2025 (the Transition
Date) and your service thereafter as Special Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer. On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board) of the Company, I want to thank you for your many years of service to the Company, during which you
have demonstrated strong leadership and have made significant and meaningful contributions to the Company, and for your willingness to provide continued support and expertise to the Company as Special Advisor for a transition period following your
retirement as President and Chief Executive Officer.

Retirement

Effective as of the Transition Date, you hereby resign from all positions and offices you hold with the Company or any of its affiliates, except that you will continue to serve as a member of the
Board until the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders of the Company.

Services as Special Advisor

You agree to continue in employment as Special Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer for an initial term of six months from the Transition Date, which initial term may be extended for up to six
additional months upon mutual agreement between you and the Company, unless earlier terminated as provided below (the Advisory Term). As Special Advisor, you shall perform the following services as reasonably requested by the Company (the Services): 
(a) provide support, advice, and counsel to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company regarding all aspects of the Companys businesses; (b) consult with the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, including with regard to leadership transition; and
(c) perform such other services consistent with your experience and expertise as reasonably requested by the Board or the Company from time to time.

Compensation and Benefits

During the Advisory Term, you will continue to receive base salary at a monthly rate of $87,101 and to participate in the Companys employee benefit and perquisite plans, provided that you
will not participate in the Companys annual incentive plan for 2025 and you will not receive any equity compensation awards in 2025. During the Advisory Term, you will also continue to have access to an executive assistant provided by the Company. 
Following the end of the Advisory Term, to the extent you elect health care continuation coverage under Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), or other applicable law (COBRA) and the Company
determines it to be in accordance with its policies regarding COBRA for terminated U.S. employees generally, the Company will reimburse you for premiums for COBRA coverage at the level applicable to you and your dependents and beneficiaries
immediately before the end of the Advisory Term for up to 18 months. The Company acknowledges and agrees that your termination of employment with the Company upon expiration of the Advisory Term constitutes a Retirement for purposes of your
outstanding equity awards.

Termination of Employment

Either the Company or you may terminate your employment hereunder at any time by providing the other party with 30 days advance written notice. Upon such a termination for any reason, you shall
have no further obligation to provide any Services and the Company shall pay to you any earned but unpaid base salary in respect of the period prior to the date of termination as soon as practicable following the date of termination (together with
any other accrued and unpaid compensation or benefits under the Companys benefit plans in accordance with their terms). In addition, if your employment is terminated during the Advisory Term by the Company other than for Cause (as defined in the
Change of Control Agreement between you and the Company, effective as of January 1, 2024 (the COC Agreement)), you will also be entitled to receive the base salary for the period from the date of termination through the end of the
then-current Advisory Term (as if your employment had not been terminated), which amounts shall be paid to you in cash in a lump sum as soon as practicable following your date of termination.Unless earlier
terminated, your employment shall terminate automatically upon the expiration of the then-current Advisory Term.

Restrictive Covenants

You acknowledge and agree that any confidentiality, noncompete, nonsolicitation, cooperation or other restrictive covenants to which you are subject remain in full force and effect.

Indemnification

Following the Transition Date, the Company will continue to indemnify you against any actual or threatened action, suit or proceeding and to provide you with directors and officers insurance
coverage through the Companys existing directors and officers insurance policy, with respect to your services as an executive officer and director of the Company and its subsidiaries prior to the Transition Date and thereafter your service as
Special Advisor, in each case, to the maximum extent that such indemnification and directors and officers insurance coverage is provided to any person who is an executive officer or director of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

-2-

Taxes; Section 409A

All payments hereunder shall be subject to applicable tax withholding. It is the intent of the parties that any amounts payable under this letter shall be exempt from or otherwise comply with the
provisions of Section 409A of the Code, and each payment under this letter shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. The parties intend that the terms and provisions of this letter shall be interpreted and
applied in a manner that satisfies the requirements and exemptions of Section 409A Code and, to the maximum extent permitted, this letter shall be interpreted so as to comply with Section 409A of the Code. With respect to any provision of this
letter that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses, the right to reimbursement or benefits may not be exchanged for any other benefit, and the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement (or in-kind benefits paid) in one year shall not
affect amounts reimbursable or provided as in-kind benefits in any subsequent year. All expense reimbursements paid pursuant to this letter that are taxable income to you shall in no event be paid later than the end of the calendar year next
following the year in which you incur the expense.

Miscellaneous

This letter will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, as applicable, the parties hereto and their respective personal or legal representatives, successors, assigns, heirs,
and legatees. Neither party shall assign, transfer or subcontract this letter or any of its obligations hereunder without the other partys express, prior written consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may assign this letter, subject
to its terms, to a successor to the Company by merger or other business combination or to a purchaser of all, or substantially all, of the Companys assets.

This letter constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous representations, proposals, discussions, and
communications, whether oral or in writing with respect to the subject matter hereof (including without limitation the COC Agreement, which you and we agree shall cease to be in effect as of the Transition Date and is hereby terminated as of such
date). This letter will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. The parties hereto irrevocably agree to submit to the jurisdiction and venue of the
courts of the State of Illinois in any action or proceeding brought with respect to or in connection with this letter. This letter may not be amended or modified other than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto.

[Signature Page Follows]

-3-

To confirm the foregoing terms are acceptable to you, please execute and return the copy of this letter, which is enclosed for your convenience.

Very truly yours,

LITTELFUSE, INC.

By: /s/ Maggie Chu 

Name: 

Maggie Chu

Title: 

Senior Vice President and

Chief Human Resources Officer

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 

/s/ David W. Heinzmann 

David W. Heinzmann 

[Signature Page to Retirement Letter Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ef20041414_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

EXECUTION VERSION

Greg Henderson

c/o Littelfuse, Inc.

6133 N. River Rd.

Suite 500

Rosemont, IL 60018

January 10, 2025

Dear Greg:

Further to your discussion with the Board of Directors of Littelfuse, Inc. (the Company or
Littelfuse), this letter will confirm your appointment to the position of Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company. Upon your acceptance of such appointment, the effective
date of your appointment shall be February 10, 2025 (the Effective Date). The terms of your employment in such position are set forth in Exhibit A to this letter agreement (the Employment Terms).

This letter, including the Employment Terms and the documents referenced therein, constitutes the sole and complete agreement between the Company and you
and supersedes all other agreements, both oral and written, between the Company or any of its direct and indirect subsidiaries and you, with respect to your employment after the Effective Date by the Company or any of its direct and indirect
subsidiaries or the matters contained herein.

This letter and the terms and conditions hereof are to be construed, governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois,
without giving effect to its conflict of law principles.

Should you have any questions about this letter, please contact Maggie Chu at mchu@littelfuse.com or 281-546-9520. Two copies of this letter are
enclosed. Please sign both copies and return one to Maggie Chu.

Very Truly Yours,

Littelfuse, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Maggie Chu

Name: 

Maggie Chu

Title: 

Senior Vice President and Chief

Human Resources Officer

ACCEPTED AND AGREED: 

/s/ Greg Henderson 

Greg Henderson 

Dated: January 10, 2025 

2

EXHIBIT A

Employment Terms

Item 

Description

Job Title; Reporting Relationship; Principal Worksite 

President and
Chief Executive Officer

Executive
shall report to the Companys Board of Directors (the Board).

Executives
principal worksite shall be Massachusetts (except that Executive shall travel to Illinois and other locations as reasonably necessary to perform his duties).

Effective Date 

February 10, 2025

Initial Base Salary 

$1,000,000 per annum

Initial Annual Incentive Target Bonus Opportunity 

125% of base salary (prorated for partial years of service)

Sign-On PSU Grant 

Target value of
$7.0 million, with grant to be made on the Effective Date the target number of PSUs to be determined using the closing stock price on the date of grant

Award agreement
in substantially the form set forth as Annex A hereto

Annual Equity Grant 

Participation in the annual equity grant program along with other executives in April 2025, with grant levels to be determined at that time by the
Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors, but targeted at 50th percentile of the market (expected to be approximately $4.55 million) and not prorated.

Benefit Plans; Perquisites; Indemnification 

Participation in executive benefit plans and perquisites programs

Indemnification
and liability insurance protection at highest levels then in effect for Board and other senior executives

COC Agreement 

Entry into change of control agreement with the Company attached as Annex B hereto, with a
severance multiple of 3.0

Severance Policy 

Coverage under
the Companys Executive Severance Policy (the ESP), with a severance multiple of 2.0

For purposes of
the ESP, a termination of Executives employment by Executive for Good Reason (as defined below) before the third anniversary of the Effective Date shall be treated as a termination by the Company without Cause thereunder.

Before the third
anniversary of the Effective Date, if the Company terminates the ESP or amends it with less favorable terms, Executive shall be provided through such third anniversary with coverage under an individualized severance agreement with terms
(in combination of those in the ESP, as modified) no less favorable to Executive in all material respects as the current ESP.

Ex. A-1

Good Reason 

Good Reason shall mean the following actions taken by the Company without Executives consent: 
(i) reduction in Base Salary or Annual Incentive Target Bonus Opportunity, other than across-the-board reductions applicable to senior executives of the Company generally, (ii) relocation of Executives principal worksite from the current
location by more than 35 miles, (iii) failure to nominate Executive for election to the Board, or (iv) material breach of these Employment Terms; provided that a termination shall
be for Good Reason only if (x) Executive gives the Company written notice of the event claimed to constitute Good Reason with reasonable detail within 30 days after the occurrence of such event, (y) the Company fails to cure such event
within 30 days after receipt of such notice, and (z) Executive terminates employment for Good Reason no later than 60 days after expiration of the cure period.

Share Ownership

Guidelines 

Subject to the Companys guidelines for executive officers, which ultimately require (subject to gradual phase-in) ownership of shares with a value of five
times base salary

Restrictive Covenants 

Entry into the
Companys current confidentiality, inventions, and non-compete agreement, subject to possible review and update

Sign-on PSU grant
is contingent on execution of the confidentiality, inventions, and non-compete agreement

Legal Fees 

Reimbursement of up to $15,000 of legal fees

Ex. A-2

Annex A

PSU Award Agreement

Attached

AMENDED AND RESTATED LITTELFUSE, INC. LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT

Littelfuse, Inc. (the Company) hereby grants to Greg Henderson (the Grantee), a Participant in the Amended and Restated Littelfuse, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan, as
amended from time-to-time (the Plan), a Performance Share Award (the Award) for units representing the right to receive shares of common stock of the Company (PSUs), subject to the terms and conditions as described herein. This agreement to
grant PSUs (the Award Agreement), is effective as of February 10, 2025 (the Grant Date).

RECITALS

A. 

The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) has adopted the Amended and Restated Littelfuse, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan as an incentive to attract, retain and motivate
highly qualified individuals.

B. 

Under the Plan, the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee), or its delegate, has the exclusive authority to interpret and apply the Plan and this Award Agreement.

C. 

The Committee has approved the granting of PSUs to the Grantee pursuant to the Plan to provide an incentive to the Grantee to focus on the long-term growth of the Company and its
subsidiaries.

D. 

To the extent not specifically defined herein, all capitalized terms used in this Award Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. If there is any discrepancy between
the Award Agreement and the Plan, the Plan will always govern.

In consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Company and the Grantee agree as follows:

1. 

Grant of PSUs. The Company hereby grants to the Grantee a
Performance Share Award, described below, subject to the terms and conditions in this Award Agreement. This Award is granted pursuant to the Plan and its terms are incorporated by reference.

Award Type 

Grant Date 

Target Number of PSUs

Performance Shares 

February 10, 2025 

[]1

2. 

Vesting of PSUs. The PSUs shall vest upon (and to the extent
of) the Committees certification of the achievement of performance goals as set forth in Exhibit A, subject to (except as otherwise provided in Section 3 below) the Grantees
continued employment or service with the Company or its affiliates through the end of the Performance Period (as defined in Exhibit A).

3. 

Termination of Employment or Service.

a. 

General. Except as otherwise set forth in Sections 3b., 3c.
and 3d. below, if the Grantee terminates all employment and service with the Company and its subsidiaries for any reason (including upon a termination for Cause) before the end of the Performance Period, the PSUs shall be forfeited as of
the date of the Grantees termination of employment and service.

1Note to Draft: To be determined by dividing target value of $7 million by the closing stock price on the grant date. 

b. 

Without Cause or for Good Reason. If the Grantees employment
and service with the Company and its subsidiaries is terminated by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Change of Control Agreement, effective as of February 10, 2025, between the Company and the Grantee (the COC Agreement)) or by the Grantee for Good Reason (as defined in the offer letter, dated January 10, 2025, between the Company and the Grantee), a portion of the PSUs prorated based
on the number of days elapsed in the Performance Period through the date of termination shall become immediately vested, with the number of shares subject to such PSUs determined based on the greater of the target level of performance and
the actual level of performance measured through the date of termination (as if the date of termination were the last day of the Performance Period) and otherwise in accordance with Exhibit
A (rounded down to the nearest whole number so that no fractional shares will vest); provided that if such termination occurs prior to the first anniversary of the
Grant Date, the actual level of performance referenced in this sentence shall instead be measured through the first anniversary of the Grant Date (as if such anniversary were the last day of the Performance Period), and the Shares
underlying such prorated portion of the PSUs shall be delivered in accordance with Section 4 treating the first anniversary of the Grant Date as the vesting date.

c. 

Death or Disability. If the Grantee terminates all employment
and service with the Company and its subsidiaries as a result of death or Disability (as defined in the COC Agreement), a portion of the PSUs prorated based on the number of days elapsed in the Performance Period through the date of
termination shall become immediately vested, with the number of shares subject to such PSUs determined based on the actual level of performance measured through the date of termination (as if the date of termination were the last day of the
Performance Period) and otherwise in accordance with Exhibit A (rounded down to the nearest whole number so that no fractional shares will vest); provided that if such termination occurs prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date, the actual level of performance referenced in this sentence shall instead be measured through the first anniversary of
the Grant Date (as if such anniversary were the last day of the Performance Period), and the Shares underlying such prorated portion of the PSUs shall be delivered in accordance with Section 4 treating the first anniversary of the Grant
Date as the vesting date.

d. 

Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control, the
number of shares subject to the Award shall be determined based on the greater of the target level of performance and the actual level of performance measured through the date of the Change in Control (as if the date of the Change in
Control were the last day of the Performance Period) and otherwise in accordance with Exhibit A (rounded down to the nearest whole number). Unless otherwise determined by the
Committee, the Award shall then be converted upon the Change in Control into a time-vesting award in respect of the acquirers equity of equivalent value and otherwise subject to the same terms and conditions as applied to the Award
immediately prior to the Change in Control (it being understood that in the event of a termination following a Change in Control that is governed by Section 3(c), the actual level of performance shall be the actual level of performance
determined pursuant to this paragraph upon such Change in Control); provided that such acquirer award shall vest (i) at the end of the Performance Period subject to Grantees
continued employment or service with the Company or its affiliates through such time or (ii) upon an earlier termination of Grantees employment or service by the Company or its affiliates without Cause or by the Grantee for Good Reason (as
defined in the COC Agreement), in either case within two years following the Change in Control. If the Award is not converted into an acquirer award in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence, it shall vest immediately upon the
Change in Control.

The Committee may, in its sole discretion, choose to accelerate the vesting of the Award in special circumstances.

4. 

Delivery of Shares. As soon as reasonably practicable
following the vesting date, the vested PSUs shall be converted into Shares and delivered to the Grantee, pursuant to Section 9.4 of the Plan; provided, such Shares shall be delivered to the Grantee no later than 60 days following the
applicable vesting date (and in any event before March 15 of the year following the year in which the applicable vesting date occurs). Fractional shares will not be paid.

5. 

Responsibility for Taxes and Withholding. The Grantee
acknowledges that, regardless of any action the Company or its subsidiary employing the Grantee (the Employer) takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account, or other
tax-related items related to the Grantees participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Grantee (the Tax-Related Items), the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains the Grantees responsibility and may
exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Grantee further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer: (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in
connection with any aspect of the PSUs, including the grant of the PSUs, the vesting of PSUs, the conversion of the PSUs into Shares or the receipt of an equivalent cash payment, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting and the
receipt of any dividends and/or dividend equivalents; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the PSUs to reduce or eliminate the Grantees liability for Tax-Related Items
or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Grantee has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, the Grantee acknowledges that the Company and/or the
Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.

Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Grantee shall pay, or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer
to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, pursuant to Section 16 of the Plan, if permissible under local law and subject to any restrictions provided by the Committee prior to the vesting of the PSUs, the Grantee authorizes the Company or
the Employer, or their respective agents, to withhold whole Shares to be issued upon vesting/settlement of the PSUs equal to all applicable Tax-Related Items, rounded down to the nearest whole share (net settlement). Alternatively, or in addition,
subject to any restrictions provided by the Committee prior to the vesting of the PSUs, the Grantee authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a
combination of the following: (i) withholding from the Grantees wages or other cash compensation payable to the Grantee by the Company and/or the Employer; (ii) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon vesting/settlement of the
PSUs either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on the Grantees behalf pursuant to this authorization); or (iii) personal check or other cash equivalent acceptable to the Company or the Employer (as
applicable).

Depending on the withholding method, the Company or the Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding
amounts or such greater amounts not to exceed the maximum statutory rate necessary, in the applicable jurisdiction, to satisfy federal, state, and local withholding tax requirements (but only if withholding at a rate greater than the minimum
statutory rate will not result in adverse financial accounting consequences). In the event that the Company or the Employer withholds an amount for Tax-Related Items that exceeds the maximum withholding amount under applicable law, the Grantee shall
receive a refund of such over-withheld amount in cash and shall have no entitlement to an equivalent amount in Shares. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding a number of Shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the
Grantee shall be deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the Award, notwithstanding that a number of Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of the Grantees participation in
the Plan.

Finally, the Grantee shall pay to the Company or to the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for
as a result of the Grantees participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if the Grantee fails to comply with his or her
obligation in connection with the Tax-Related Items.

6. 

Transferability. The PSUs are not transferable other than: 
(a) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution; (b) pursuant to a domestic relations order; or (c) to members of the Grantees immediate family, to trusts solely for the benefit of such immediate family members or to partnerships in
which family members and/or trusts are the only partners, all as provided under the terms of the Plan. After any such transfer, the transferred PSUs shall remain subject to the terms of the Plan.

7. 

Adjustment of Shares. In the event of any transaction
described in Section 4.3 of the Plan, the terms of this Award may be adjusted as set forth in Section 4.3 of the Plan.

8. 

Shareholder Rights; Dividend Equivalents. The grant of PSUs
does not confer on the Grantee any rights as a shareholder or any contractual or other rights of service or employment with the Company or its subsidiaries. The Grantee will not have shareholder rights with respect to any Shares subject to
a PSU until the PSU is vested and Shares are delivered to the Grantee. With respect to each cash dividend on the Shares for which the record date occurs during the Performance Period, the target number of PSUs shall be increased by the
quotient of (i) the per share cash dividend amount multiplied by the target number of PSUs on the dividend payment date, divided by (ii) the closing price of a Share
on the dividend payment date.

9. 

Data Privacy. In order to perform its requirements under the
Plan, the Company or one or more of its subsidiaries may process sensitive personal data about the Grantee. Such data includes but is not limited to the information provided in the Award package and any changes thereto, other appropriate
personal and financial data about the Grantee, and information about the Grantees participation in the Plan and PSUs granted under the Plan from time to time. By accepting this Award Agreement, the Grantee hereby gives consent to the
Company and its subsidiaries to hold, process, use and transfer any personal data outside the country in which the Grantee is employed and to the United States, and vice-versa. The legal persons for whom the personal data is intended
includes the Company and any of its subsidiaries, the outside plan administrator as selected by the Company from time to time, and any other person that the Company may find appropriate in its administration of the Plan. The Grantee may
review and correct any personal data by contacting the local Human Resources Representative. The Grantee understands that the transfer of the information outlined herein is important to the administration of the Plan and failure to consent
to the transmission of such information may limit or prohibit participation in the Plan.

10. 

Appendix. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award
Agreement, the grant of the PSUs shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any appendix (or any appendices) to this Award Agreement for the Grantees country (the Appendix). Moreover, if the Grantee relocates to
one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Grantee, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in
order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Award Agreement.

11. 

Electronic Delivery. The Company may, in its sole discretion,
decide to deliver any documents related to the PSUs or other awards granted to the Grantee under the Plan by electronic means. The Grantee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the
Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.

12. 

Severability. If one or more of the provisions in this Award
Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected thereby and the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions
shall be deemed null and void; however, to the extent permissible by law, any provisions which could be deemed null and void shall first be construed, interpreted or revised retroactively to permit this Award Agreement to be construed so as
to foster the intent of this Award Agreement and the Plan.

13. 

Amendments. Except as otherwise provided in Section 14, this
Award Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement executed by the Company and the Grantee.

14. 

Section 409A. The PSUs are intended to comply with the
requirements of Section 409A. The Plan and this Award Agreement shall be administered and interpreted in a manner consistent with this intent. If the Company determines that the PSUs fail to comply with the requirements of Section 409A,
the Company may, at the Companys sole discretion, and without the Grantees consent, amend this Award Agreement to cause the PSUs to comply with Section 409A. Any payments under this Award shall be treated as separate payments for
purposes of Section 409A. For purposes of determining timing of payments, to the extent required by Section 409A, any references to retirement, resignation, or termination of employment or service shall mean a separation of service as
defined in Section 409A, and any payment to a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A made on account of a separation from service shall be subject to a 6-month specified employee delay in accordance with Section 13.2(b) of
the Plan.

15. 

Governing Law. This Award Agreement shall be construed under
the laws of the State of Delaware.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Award Agreement to be executed in its name and on its behalf, as of the Grant Date.

LITTELFUSE, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Exhibit A

The number of Shares that will vest in respect of the PSUs shall be determined based on the Companys Relative TSR Percentile (as defined below) over the
period commencing on February 10, 2025 and ending on the date immediately preceding the third anniversary thereof (the Performance Period) in accordance with the following table (with
linear interpolation between the specified levels):

Relative TSR Percentile 

Payout (Percentage of Target)

Maximum 

90th percentile or above 

250%

75th percentile 

200%

Target 

50th percentile 

100%

Threshold 

25th percentile 

50%

Below 25th percentile 

0%

Notwithstanding the table above, the number of Shares that will vest in respect of the PSUs shall not exceed 100% of target if the Companys TSR (as
defined below) for the Performance Period is negative. The Committee shall certify the extent to which Relative TSR Percentile is achieved and the number of Shares that will vest in respect of the PSUs as soon as practicable following the end of the
Performance Period. Except as otherwise determined by the Committee, any Shares in respect of the PSUs that do not become vested in accordance with this Exhibit A and the Award Agreement
shall be forfeited.

Definitions

Beginning Stock Price shall mean the average of the closing prices of the applicable share
during the 30 consecutive trading days preceding the first trading day of the Performance Period.

Dividends Paid shall mean the value at the end of the Performance Period of all dividends
paid with respect to a dividend record date that occurs during the Performance Period (whether or not the dividend payment date occurs during the Performance Period), assuming same-day reinvestment of the dividends into shares of the companys stock
based on the closing stock price on the dividend record date and taking into account dividends paid with respect to such reinvested dividends, appropriately adjusted to reflect stock splits, spin-offs and similar transactions.

Ending Stock Price shall mean the average of the closing prices of the applicable share (as
appropriately adjusted to reflect stock splits, spin-offs and similar transactions that occurred during the Performance Period) during the 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the Performance Period.

Index Constituents means the companies included in the Russell 3000 Index as of the first
day of the Performance Period (other than the Company), with each company weighted equally for purposes of computing TSR of the Index Constituents. Any such company that ceases to be publicly traded during the Performance Period due to (i)
bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or otherwise ceasing to conduct operations shall be deemed to have a TSR of negative 100% for the Performance Period, or (ii) a merger, sale, acquisition, business combination or other similar event shall cease to
be an Index Constituent.

Relative TSR Percentile shall mean the percentile rank of the Companys TSR compared to the
TSR of the Index Constituents for the Performance Period, rounded to the nearest one-tenth of a percentage point.

TSR shall mean the appreciation of share price (plus any Dividends Paid on the shares)
during the Performance Period, calculated as follows and expressed as an annualized percentage:

[Ending Stock Price plus Dividends Paid minus Beginning Stock Price] divided by [Beginning Stock Price]

Annex B

Change of Control Agreement

Attached
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ef20041414_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

CHANGE OF CONTROL AGREEMENT

For 

GREG HENDERSON

THIS AGREEMENT is made effective as of the 10th day of February 2025, by and between LITTELFUSE, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the executive named above (the Executive).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board)
has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to provide the Executive with certain protections against the uncertainties usually created by a Change of Control; and

WHEREAS, the Board wishes to better enable the Executive to devote his or her full time, attention and energy to the business of the Company and its Affiliated Companies prior to and after a Change
of Control, thereby benefiting the Company and its stockholders;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged and confessed, the Company and the Executive
hereby agree as follows:

CHANGE OF CONTROL BENEFITS

Section 1.Certain Definitions.

(a) Affiliated Companies shall mean any
company controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company.

(b) Change of Control shall mean:

(i) The acquisition by any one person or more than one person acting as a group (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v)(B)), other than the Company or any
employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any Affiliated Company, (a Person) of any of stock of the Company that, together with stock held by such Person, constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Company. For purposes of this paragraph (i), the
following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control: (A) the acquisition of additional stock by a Person who is considered to own more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Company, (B) any
acquisition pursuant to a transaction which complies with paragraph (iii) or (C) any acquisition of the Companys assets pursuant to a transaction which complies with paragraph (iv). An increase in the percentage of stock owned by any one Person
as a result of a transaction in which the Company acquires its stock in exchange for property will be treated as an acquisition of stock for purposes of this paragraph;

(ii) The replacement of individuals who as of the date hereof constitute a majority of the Board, during any twelve (12) month period, by directors whose appointment or election is not
endorsed by a majority of the Board before the date of the appointment or election, provided that, if the Company is not the relevant corporation for which no other corporation is a majority shareholder
for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A- 3(i)(5)(vi)(A)(2), this paragraph (ii) shall be applied instead with respect to the members of the board of the directors of such relevant corporation for which no other corporation is a majority
shareholder;

(iii) The acquisition by any one person or more than one person acting as a group (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi)(D)), other than the Company or any
employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any Affiliated Company, during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons, of ownership of stock of the Company
possessing 30% or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company. For purposes of this paragraph (iii), the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control: (A) the acquisition of additional control by a person or more
than one person acting as a group who are considered to effectively control the Company within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi) or (B) any acquisition pursuant to a transaction which complies with paragraph (i); or

(iv) The acquisition by any person or more than one person acting as a group (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii)(C)), other than a transfer to a related
person within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii)(B), during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons, of assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market
value equal to or more than 40% of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition(s). For purposes of this paragraph (iv), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any
liabilities associated with such assets.

This definition of Change of Control shall be interpreted by the Board, in good faith, to apply in a similar manner to transactions involving partnerships and partnership interests, and to comply with Section 409A.

(c) Change of Control Period shall mean the
period commencing on February 10, 2025 and ending on February 10, 2028.

(d) Effective Date shall mean the first date
during the Change of Control Period on which a Change of Control occurs. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if a Change of Control occurs and if the Executive Separates from Service without Cause with the Company
and its Affiliated Companies within 180 days prior to the date on which the Change of Control occurs, and if the Board determines, in its reasonable discretion and after considering any evidence submitted in writing by the Executive, that such
Separation from Service (i) was at the direct or indirect request of a third party who theretofore had taken any steps intended to effect a Change of Control, or (ii) otherwise arose in connection with or in anticipation of a Change of Control,
then for all purposes of this Agreement the Effective Date shall mean the date immediately prior to the
date of such Separation from Service. Any such Board determination shall be made within 10 business days following the later of the Executives Separation from Service or the date of the Change of Control.

(e) Section 409A shall mean Section 409A of the
Internal Revenue Code and treasury regulations and official guidance issued thereunder from time to time.

(f) Separation from Service, Termination of Service and words of similar import shall have the same meaning as separation from service as defined by Section 409A. By way of
illustration, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the following principles shall apply:

(i) The Executive shall not be considered to have Separated from Service so long as the Executive is on military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of
absence if the period of such leave does not exceed 6 months, or if longer, so long as the Executive retains a right to return to service with the Company or its Affiliated Companies under an applicable statute or by contract;

(ii) Regardless of whether the Executive has formally Separated from Service, the Executive will be considered to have Separated from Service as of the date it is
reasonably anticipated that no further services will be performed by the Executive for the Company or its Affiliated Companies, or that the level of bona fide services the Executive will perform after such date will permanently decrease to no more
than 20% of the average level of bona fide services performed over the immediately preceding 36-month period. For purposes of the preceding test, during any paid leave of absence the Executive shall be considered to have been performing services at
the level commensurate with the amount of compensation received, and unpaid leaves of absence shall be disregarded; and

(iii) For purposes of determining whether the Executive has Separated from Service, all services provided for the Company or its Affiliated Companies, or for any other
entity that is part of a controlled group that includes the Company as defined in Section 414(b) or (c) of the Internal Revenue Code (Code), shall be taken into account, whether provided as an employee or as a consultant or other independent contractor; provided that the Executive shall not be considered
to have not Separated from Service solely by reason of service as a non-employee director of the Company or any other such entity.

(g) Service Period shall mean the period
commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the second anniversary of such date.

Section 2. Service Period. The Company hereby agrees that it or one or more of its Affiliated Companies or successors will continue to
retain the services of the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to provide services to the Company or one or more of its Affiliated Companies or successors, subject to the following terms and conditions of this Agreement, for the Service
Period:

(a) Position and Duties During the Service Period.

(i) (A) The Executives position (including status, offices, titles and reporting requirements), authority, duties and responsibilities shall be at least commensurate in
all material respects with the most significant of those held, exercised and assigned at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date and (B) the Executives services shall be performed at the principal worksite
location where the Executive was providing services to the Company or its Affiliated Companies immediately preceding the Effective Date or any office or location less than 20 miles from such location; and

(ii) Excluding any periods of vacation and sick leave to which the Executive is entitled, the Executive agrees to devote reasonable attention and time during normal
business hours to the business and affairs of the Company and its Affiliated Companies and, to the extent necessary to discharge the responsibilities assigned to the Executive hereunder, to use the Executives reasonable best efforts to perform
faithfully and efficiently such responsibilities. During the Service Period, it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Executive to (A) serve on corporate, civic or charitable boards or committees, (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking
engagements or teach at educational institutions, and (C) manage personal investments, so long as such activities do not significantly interfere with the performance of the Executives responsibilities as an employee or service provider of the
Company and its Affiliated Companies in accordance with this Agreement.

(b) Compensation. During the Service Period, the Executive shall receive:

(i) Base Salary. An annual base salary (the Annual Base Salary), which shall be paid at a monthly rate, equal to at least 12 times the highest monthly base salary paid or payable, including any base salary which has been earned but deferred, to the Executive by the Company
and its Affiliated Companies during the twelve-month period immediately preceding the calendar month in which the Effective Date occurs. During the Service Period, the Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed no more than 12 months after the last
salary increase awarded to the Executive prior to the Effective Date and thereafter at least annually. Any increase in Annual Base Salary shall not serve to limit or reduce any other obligation to the Executive under this Agreement. Annual Base
Salary shall not be reduced after any such increase and the term Annual Base Salary as used in this Agreement shall refer to Annual Base Salary as so increased.

(ii) Annual Bonus. For each fiscal year ending during the Service Period, an annual bonus in cash at least equal to the greater of: (A) the average of the
Executives annual bonuses paid (including any bonus which has been earned but deferred) under the Companys Annual Incentive Plan or any successor plan (such plan(s) hereinafter collectively referred to as the Bonus Plan) for the last 3 full fiscal years prior to the Effective Date; or (B) the Executives target annual bonus under the Bonus Plan for the
fiscal year in which the Effective Date occurs. Each such annual bonus shall be paid following the fiscal year for which such annual bonus is awarded but no later than the 15th
day of the 3rd month of such following fiscal year, unless the Executive shall elect to defer the receipt of such annual bonus. Any such deferral election shall be
made not later than the first day of the fiscal year for which the annual bonus is paid, and shall be made in accordance with policies adopted by the Company in compliance with Section 409A.

(iii) Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans. Participation in all incentive, savings and retirement plans, practices,
policies and programs applicable generally to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies, but in no event shall such plans, practices, policies and programs provide the Executive with incentive opportunities (measured with
respect to both regular and special incentive opportunities, to the extent, if any, that such distinction is applicable), savings opportunities and retirement benefit opportunities, in each case, less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most
favorable of those provided by the Company and its Affiliated Companies for the Executive under such plans, practices, policies and programs as in effect at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or if more
favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies.

(iv) Welfare Benefit Plans. Eligibility for participation of the Executive and/or the Executives immediate family, as
the case may be, in benefits under welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Company and its Affiliated Companies (including, without limitation, medical, prescription, dental, disability, employee life, group life,
accidental death and travel accident insurance plans and programs) to the extent applicable generally to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies. In the event such plans, practices, policies and programs are not
reasonably able to provide the Executive with coverage or provide the Executive with benefits which are less favorable, in the aggregate, than the most favorable of such plans, practices, policies and programs in effect for the Executive at any
time during the 120- day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, those provided generally at any time after the Effective Date to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies,
then the Company shall provide individual insurance policies and/or reimburse the Executive, on at least a monthly basis, to cover any post-tax difference in the benefits received by the Executive.

(v) Expenses. Prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by the Executive in accordance with the most favorable policies, practices and procedures
of the Company and its Affiliated Companies in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive and to the extent that any resulting change in
reimbursement or payment dates would comply with Section 409A, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies.

(vi) Fringe Benefits. Fringe benefits, including, without limitation, tax and financial planning services, payment of
club dues, and, if applicable, use of an automobile and payment of related expenses, in accordance with the most favorable plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company and its Affiliated Companies in effect for the Executive at any time
during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive and to the extent that any resulting change in reimbursement or payment dates would comply with Section 409A, as in effect generally at any
time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies.

(vii) Office and Support Staff. An office or offices of a size and with furnishings and other appointments, and exclusive personal secretarial and other
assistance, at least equal to the most favorable of the foregoing provided to the Executive by the Company and its Affiliated Companies at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the
Executive and to the extent that any resulting change in reimbursement or payment dates would comply with Section 409A, as provided generally at any time thereafter with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliated Companies.

(viii) Vacation. Paid vacation in accordance with the most favorable plans, policies, programs and practices of the
Company and its Affiliated Companies as in effect for the Executive at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date or, if more favorable to the Executive, as in effect generally at any time thereafter with respect to
other peer executives of the Company and its affiliated companies.

The requirements of paragraphs (iii) through (viii) above shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law or to the extent such provision would cause the applicable
plan, practice, policy, or program to fail nondiscrimination or coverage tests imposed thereon by applicable law.

Section 3.Separation from Service.

(a) Disability. If the Company determines in good faith that the Disability of the Executive has occurred during the Service Period (pursuant to the
definition of Disability set forth below), it may terminate the Executives service with the Company and its Affiliated Companies effective upon the date the Company provides written notice to the Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean the Executive is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to
result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months; or, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a
continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company or its Affiliated Companies.

(b) Cause. The Company may terminate the Executives service with the Company and its Affiliated Companies during the Service Period for Cause. For
purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean:

(i) the willful and continued failure of the Executive to perform substantially the Executives duties with the Company and its Affiliated Companies (other than any
such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness), after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Executive by the Board which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board believes that the
Executive has not substantially performed the Executives duties and such failure is not cured within 60 calendar days after receipt of such written demand; or

(ii) the willful engaging by the Executive in illegal conduct or gross misconduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company or its Affiliated
Companies.

For purposes of this provision, any act or failure to act on the part of the Executive in violation or contravention of any order, resolution or directive of the Board shall be considered willful
unless such order, resolution or directive is illegal or in violation of the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company; provided, however, that no other act or failure to act on the part of the
Executive shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executives action or omission was in the best interests of the Company and its Affiliated
Companies. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or based upon the advice of outside counsel for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by
the Executive in good faith and in the best interests of the Company and its Affiliated Companies.

The Separation from Service of the Executive shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the
affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters () of the entire membership of the Board (other than the Executive) at a meeting of the Board called and held for such purpose (after reasonable notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive
is given an opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive is guilty of the conduct described in paragraph (i) or (ii) above, and specifying the particulars
thereof in detail.

(c) Good Reason. The Executives service with the Company and its Affiliated Companies may be terminated by the Executive for Good Reason. For
purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean:

(i) the Executive is not elected to, or is removed from, any elected office of the Company which the Executive held immediately prior to the Effective Date;

(ii) the assignment to the Executive of any duties materially inconsistent in any respect with the Executives position, authority, duties or responsibilities as
contemplated by Subsection 2(a)(i) hereof, or any other action by the Company or its Affiliated Companies which results in a diminution in such position, authority, duties or responsibilities, excluding for this purpose an isolated, insubstantial
and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company or its Affiliated Company (as applicable) promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Executive;

(iii) any failure by the Company or its Affiliated Companies to comply with any of the provisions of this Agreement, other than an isolated, insubstantial and inadvertent
failure not occurring in bad faith and which is remedied by the Company or its Affiliated Company (as applicable) promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Executive;

(iv) the Company or its Affiliated Companies requiring the Executive to travel on Company or its Affiliated Companies business to a substantially greater extent than
required immediately prior to the Effective Date; or

(v) any purported termination by the Company of the Executives service with the Company and its Affiliated Companies other than as expressly permitted by this
Agreement.

For purposes of this Subsection 3(c), a good faith determination of Good Reason made by the Executive shall be conclusive.

(d) Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company for Cause, or by the Executive for Good Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of
Termination to the other party given in accordance with Section 11. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination means a written notice which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed
to provide a basis for termination of the Executives service under the provision so indicated, and (iii) specifies the termination date. To qualify as Good Reason, the Executive must provide such notice within 90 days following the initial
existence of the condition described in Subsections 3(c)(i) through (v) above, upon notice of which the Company or its Affiliated Company (as applicable) shall have 30 days during which it may remedy the condition, in which case Good Reason shall
not exist.

The failure by the Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of
the Executive or the Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude the Executive or the Company, respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the Executives or the Companys rights hereunder.

Section 4.Obligations of the Company upon Separation during the
Service Period.

(a) Good Reason; Other Than for Cause, Death or Disability. If, during the Service Period, the Company causes the Executive to Separate from Service
other than for Cause or Disability, or the Executive shall voluntarily Separate from Service for Good Reason as described in Subsection 3(c), the Company shall pay to the Executive the amounts set forth below:

(i) The sum of the following (Accrued Obligations):

(A) the Executives Annual Base Salary through the Separation from Service to the extent not theretofore paid, payable on the next regularly scheduled payroll date (or such
earlier date as required by law),

(B) an amount equal to the greatest of the Executives target annual bonus under the Bonus Plan for the fiscal year in which the Separation from Service occurs (Target Bonus), the Executives annual bonus under the Bonus Plan for the current fiscal year based on
performance through date of separation, or the Executives average annual bonus under the Bonus Plan for the last 3 fiscal years ending prior to the Separation from Service (Average Annual Bonus), multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the fiscal year through the Separation from Service, and the denominator of
which is 365, payable in a lump sum on the 30th day following the Separation from Service,

(C) any compensation previously deferred by the Executive (together with any accrued interest or earnings thereon), paid in accordance with the Executives deferral
elections in effect under any such deferral program, plus

(D) any accrued but unpaid vacation pay, paid in a lump sum on the 30th day following the Separation from Service (or such earlier date as required by law).

(ii) A lump sum payment, payable on the 30th day following the Separation from Service equal to the product of (A) three multiplied by (B) the sum of the Executives
Annual Base Salary plus the greater of the Executives Average Annual Bonus or Target Bonus.

(iii) Reimbursement for the additional premium costs incurred by the Executive, in excess of the active employee rate for the Executives peer group, to continue group
medical coverage for the Executive and/or the Executives family under Section 4980B of the Code and applicable state laws (COBRA) for the maximum period of time as permitted by law. The
Executive shall submit to the Company satisfactory evidence of premium costs incurred within 30 days following the date such costs were incurred. Within 30 days following receipt of such evidence, the Company shall pay to the Executive such
reimbursement, plus additional severance pay in an amount such that the net amount of such reimbursement and additional severance pay, after all applicable tax withholding, equals the difference between the full COBRA premium and the premium
charged to active employees in Executives peer group. Following the end of COBRA coverage, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the additional premium costs incurred by the Executive, in excess of the former employee COBRA rate for the
Executives peer group, for the purchase of an individual insurance policy providing medical coverage to the Executive and/or the Executives family which is substantially similar to the coverage provided by the Companys group medical plan. In no
event shall the combined period of reimbursable coverage under COBRA and any individual insurance policy exceed three years from Separation from Service.

(iv) For a period of up to three years after the Separation from Service, monthly outplacement services at reasonable levels as provided to peer executives of the Company
or the applicable Affiliated Company, for the purpose of assisting the Executive to seek a new position; provided, however, that the Company shall have no further obligations to provide such outplacement
services once the Executive has accepted a position with any third party.

(v) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in any stock option plans pursuant to which the Executive has been granted any stock options or other rights to
acquire securities of the Company or its Affiliates, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Plans), any option or right granted to the Executive under any of the Plans shall be exercisable by the Executive until the later of 12 months after the Separation from Service, or such
longer period as is provided in the options or rights grant agreement; provided, however, that no option or right shall be exercisable beyond its original expiration date provided under its grant agreement.

(vi) To the extent not theretofore paid or provided, any other amounts or benefits required to be paid or provided or which the Executive is eligible to receive under any
plan, program, policy or practice or contract or agreement of the Company and its Affiliated Companies (such other amounts and benefits shall hereinafter be referred to collectively as the Other Benefits).

(vii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any employment agreement, benefit plan or other document, in the event the Executive incurs a Separation from
Service during the Service Period by the Executive for Good Reason or by the Company other than for Cause or Disability, on and after the Separation from Service the Executive shall not be bound or prejudiced by any non-competition agreement
benefiting the Company or its Affiliated Companies.

(b) Death. If the Executive dies during the Service Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations by the Company to the
Executives legal representatives under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executives estate or beneficiary, as applicable,
at the time and in the form as provided in Subsection 4(a)(i) above. With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as utilized in this paragraph shall include, without limitation, and the Executives estate and/or
beneficiaries shall be entitled to receive, benefits at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and its Affiliated Companies to the estates and beneficiaries of peer executives of the Company and such Affiliated Companies
under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to death benefits, if any, as in effect with respect to other peer executives and their beneficiaries at any time during the 120-day period immediately preceding the Effective Date.

(c) Disability. If the Company causes the Executive to Separate from Service by reason of the Executives Disability during the Service Period as
set forth in Subsection 3(a), this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations by the Company to the Executive under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits.
Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive at the time and in the form provided in Subsection 4(a)(i). With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as utilized in this paragraph shall include, and the
Executive shall be entitled after the Executives Separation from Service to receive, disability and other benefits at least equal to the most favorable of those generally provided by the Company and its Affiliated Companies to disabled executives
and/or their families in accordance with such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to disability, if any, as in effect generally with respect to other peer executives and their families at any time during the 120-day period immediately
preceding the Effective Date.

(d) Cause; Other than for Good Reason. If the Company causes the Executive to Separate from Service for Cause during the Service Period as
described in Subsection 3(b), this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive other than the obligation to pay to the Executive (i) his or her Annual Base Salary through the Separation from Service, payable on the next
regularly scheduled payroll date (or such earlier date as required by law), (ii) the amount of any compensation previously deferred by the Executive (which shall be paid at the time and in the form it would otherwise have been paid had this
Agreement not applied), and (iii) Other Benefits, in each case to the extent theretofore unpaid and at the times provided in the applicable plan or agreement. If the Executive voluntarily Separates from Service during the Service Period, excluding
a Separation from Service for Good Reason as described in Subsection 3(c), this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations of the Company to the Executive under this Agreement, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely
payment or provision of Other Benefits. In such case, all Accrued Obligations shall be paid to the Executive at the time and in the form provided in Subsection 4(a)(i) and the Company shall timely pay or provide the Other Benefits to the Executive.
In no event shall the Executive be liable to the Company or its Affiliated Companies for any damages caused by such voluntary Separation from Service by the Executive nor shall the Executive be in any way restricted from providing service to any
other party after such voluntary Separation from Service.

Section 5.Section 409A Payment Limits; Clawback Rights.

(a) To the maximum extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in such a manner that no amounts payable to the Executive are subject to the additional tax and
interest provided in Section 409A(a)(1)(B). In no event whatsoever shall the Company or its Affiliated Companies be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed on the Executive by Section 409A or any damages for failing
to comply with Section 409A. If any payment (whether cash or in-kind), including but not limited to reimbursements and Other Benefits, would constitute a deferral of compensation under Section 409A and a payment date that complies with Section
409A(a)(2) is not otherwise provided for such benefit either in this Agreement or a Company or its Affiliated Companies program or policy, then such payment shall be made not later than 2 months after the end of the calendar year in which the
payment is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. Any receipts or other proof of expenses (if required) shall be submitted to the Company by the Executive no later than one month after the end of the calendar year in which the
payment is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture.

(b) Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if at the time of Separation from Service the Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A, any
cash or in-kind payments which constitute a deferral of compensation under Section 409A and which would otherwise become due under this Agreement during the first 6 months (or such longer period as required by Section 409A) after Separation from
Service shall be delayed and all such delayed payments shall be paid in full in the 7th month after the Separation from Service, and all subsequent payments shall be paid in accordance with their original payment schedule. To the extent that any
insurance premiums or other benefit contributions constituting a deferral of compensation become subject to the above delay, the Executive shall be responsible for paying such amounts directly to the insurer or other third party and shall receive
reimbursement from the Company for such amounts in the 7th month as described above. The above specified employee delay shall not apply to any payments that are excepted from coverage by Section 409A, such as those payments covered by the
short-term deferral exception described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4).

(c) The Executives right to receive any installment payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate and distinct payments. In no event may
the Executive, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Agreement that is considered a deferral of compensation.

(d) The Executive agrees to repay any compensation paid or otherwise made available to the Executive under this Agreement or any prior employment agreement to the extent that such
compensation is subject to recovery under any applicable law or regulation, any rule of any stock exchange or service through which the securities of the Company are then traded, or any compensation recovery, clawback, or recoupment policy of the
Company applicable to similarly-situated executives of the Company (as may be amended from time to time and as may hereafter be adopted). The Executive agrees to return promptly any such compensation identified by the Company by written notice
provided pursuant to Section 11. If the Executive fails to return such compensation promptly, the Executive agrees that the amount of such compensation may be automatically deducted from any and all compensation owed to the Executive by the Company
or its Affiliated Companies as an advancement of wages and that the Executives execution of this Agreement represents his or her acknowledgment and agreement to such deduction. The Executive acknowledges the rights of the Company and its
Affiliated Companies to engage in any legal or equitable action or proceeding in order to enforce the provisions of this Subsection 5(d). The provisions of this Subsection 5(d) shall be modified to the extent, and remain in effect for the period,
required by applicable law.

Section 6. Nonexclusivity of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit the Executives continuing or future
participation in any plan, program, policy or practice provided by the Company or any of its Affiliated Companies and for which the Executive may qualify, nor, subject to Subsection 11(f), shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights
as the Executive may have under any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliated Companies. Amounts which are vested benefits or which the Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan, policy, practice or program of
or any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliated Companies at or subsequent to his or her Separation from Service shall be payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program or contract or agreement, except as
explicitly modified by this Agreement.

Section 7. Full Settlement. The Companys obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform
its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other claim, right or action which the Company or its Affiliated Companies may have against the Executive or others other than the Clawback Rights
described in Subsection 5(d) above. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek another position or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and such
amounts shall not be reduced whether or not the Executive obtains another position. To the extent that any amount due hereunder has become subject to a bona fide dispute, payment of such amount may be delayed until no later than the end of the
first taxable year of the Executive in which the Company and the Executive enter into a legally binding settlement of such dispute, the Company concedes that the amount is payable, or the Company is required to make such payment pursuant to a final
and nonappealable judgment or other binding decision, as set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(g), and any such payment shall include interest on such delayed amount from the original due date thereof until paid at the prime rate from
time to time reported in The Wall Street Journal during said period, plus, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the amount of all legal fees and expenses which the Executive reasonably incurs as a result of any contest by the Company, the
Executive or others in which the Executive is the prevailing party.

Section 8.Company Protections.

(a) Confidential Information. The Executive agrees at all times to hold in strictest confidence, and not to use, except for the benefit of the Company, any of the Companys Trade
Secrets or Confidential Information or to disclose to any person, firm or entity any of the Companys Trade Secrets or Confidential Information, except as authorized in writing by the Companys Board; as authorized by the Companys management,
pursuant to a written non- disclosure agreement; as required by law or to federal, state, or local government officials or an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; to a self-regulatory
organization in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; or in a document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure. For
purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information shall mean any data and information (i) relating to the business of the Company or its Affiliated Companies, regardless of whether
the data or information constitutes a Trade Secret; (ii) disclosed to Executive or of which he/she became aware of as a consequence of Executives relationship with the Company or its Affiliated Companies; (iii) having value to the Company or its
Affiliated Companies; (iv) not generally known to competitors of the Company or its Affiliated Companies; and (v) which includes Trade Secrets, methods of operation, names of customers, price lists, financial information and projections, route
books, personnel data, and similar information; provided, however, that Confidential Information shall not mean data or information which has been voluntarily disclosed to the public by the Company or its
Affiliated Companies, except where such public disclosure has been made by Executive without authorization from the Company or its Affiliated Companies, which has been independently developed and disclosed by others, or which has otherwise entered
the public domain through lawful means. For purposes of this Agreement, Trade Secrets shall mean any of the Companys or its Affiliated Companies information, without regard to form,
including, but not limited to, technical or non-technical data, a formula, a pattern, a compilation, a program, a device, a method, a technique, a drawing, a process, financial data, financial plans, product plans, or a list of actual or potential
customers or suppliers, which is not commonly known by or available to the public and which information (i) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by other
persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; and (ii) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy

Notice of Rights under Section 7 of the Defend Trade Secrets Act (DTSA). Notwithstanding any provision of this Section to the contrary,
pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act (DTSA)(found at 18 U.S.C. 1833(b)), the Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law
for the disclosure of a Trade Secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of the
law or is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if that filing is made under seal. Under the DTSA, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law
may disclose the Trade Secret to the attorney of the individual and use the Trade Secret information in court proceedings, if the individual files any document containing the Trade Secret under seal and does not disclose the Trade Secret, except
under court order. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with the DTSA or create liability for disclosures of Trade Secrets that are expressly allowed thereunder.

(b) Non-Disparagement. The Executive agrees that at no time while this Agreement is in effect or thereafter shall he or she make, or cause or assist any other person to make, any
statement or other communication to any third party which impugns or attacks, or is otherwise critical of, the reputation, business or character of the Company or its Affiliated Companies, or any of their respective directors, officers,
representatives, agents or employees.

(c) Returning Company Documents. The Executive agrees that at the time of leaving the service of the Company, he or she will deliver to the Company (and will not keep in his or her
possession, recreate or deliver to anyone else) any and all devices, records, data, notes, reports, proposals, lists, correspondence (including emails), specifications, drawings, blueprints, sketches, materials, equipment, other documents or
property, or reproductions of any items developed by Executive pursuant to his or her service with the Company or otherwise belonging to the Company or its Affiliated Companies, or their successors or assigns. The Executive is not required to
return any personal items; documents, files, or materials containing personal information (except to the extent such materials also contain Trade Secrets or Confidential Information); or documents or agreements to which he or she is a party.

(d) Defense of Claims. The Executive agrees that, during the term hereof, and for a period of 5 years after the Executives Separation from Service, upon request from the Company,
the Executive will cooperate with the Company and/or its Affiliated Companies in the defense of any claims or actions that may be made by or against the Company or its Affiliated Companies that affect the Executives prior areas of responsibility,
except if the Executives reasonable interests are adverse to the Company or its Affiliated Companies in such claim or action. The Company agrees that it shall reimburse the reasonable out-of-pocket costs and attorney fees the Executive actually
incurs in connection with him or her providing such assistance or cooperation to the Company or its Affiliated Companies, in accordance with the Companys standard policies and procedures as in effect from time to time, provided that the Executive shall have obtained prior written approval from the Company for any travel or legal fees and expenses incurred by him or her in connection with his or her obligations under this Section.

Section 9. Excise Tax on Parachute Payments. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding and except as set forth below, in the event it shall be determined that any payment or distribution by the Company to or for the benefit of the Executive (whether
paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise, but determined without regard to any additional payments required under this Section, except as otherwise provided in this Section) (hereinafter
referred to collectively as a Payment) would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of
the Code or any interest or penalties are incurred by the Executive with respect to such excise tax (such excise tax, together with any such interest and penalties, are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Excise Tax), then the Payments shall be reduced to the extent necessary so that no portion thereof shall be subject to the Excise Tax, but only if,
by reason of such reduction, the net after-tax benefit received by the Executive shall exceed the net after-tax benefit that would be received by the Executive if no such reduction was made.

Net after-tax benefit shall mean (a) the total of all Payments which the Executive receives or is then entitled to receive from the
Company or its Affiliated Companies that would constitute excess parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, less the amount of all foreign, federal, state and local income and employment taxes payable by the Executive with
respect to the foregoing calculated at the maximum marginal income tax rate for each year in which such payments shall be made to the Executive (based on the rate in effect for such year as set forth in the Code as in effect at the time of the
first such payment), less (c) the amount of Excise Tax imposed with respect to the Payments described in (a) above.

If a reduction is to occur pursuant to this Section, the payments and benefits under this Agreement shall be reduced in the following order: any cash severance (in reverse order of payment), then
outplacement services (in reverse order), then any other amount that is a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code in such order as determined in the sole discretion of the Company and not the Executive.

Section 10. Successors. (a)

This Agreement is personal to the Executive and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by the Executive other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and
be enforceable by the Executives legal representatives.

(b) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns.

(c) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the
Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, the term Company shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law or
otherwise.

Section 11. Miscellaneous. (a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois,
without reference to principles of conflict of laws. This Agreement may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives.

(b) Each notice, request, demand, approval or other communication which may be or is required to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been properly
given when delivered personally at the address set forth below for the intended party during normal business hours at such address, when sent by facsimile transmission to the respective facsimile transmission numbers of the parties set forth below
with confirmation of receipt, or when sent by recognized overnight courier or by the United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

If to the Company:

Littelfuse, Inc.

6133 N. River Rd.

Suite 500

Rosemont, IL 60018

Attention: Chief Legal Officer

Phone: (773) 628-0800

Facsimile: (773) 628-0802

If to the Executive, to the last address shown in the records of the Company.

Notices shall be given to such other addressee or address, or both, or by way of such other facsimile transmission number, as a particular party may from time to time designate by written notice to
the other party hereto. Each notice, request, demand, approval or other communication which is sent in accordance with this Section shall be deemed given and received for all purposes of this Agreement as of 2 business days after the date of
deposit thereof for mailing in a duly-constituted United States post office or branch thereof, 1 business day after deposit with a recognized overnight courier service or upon confirmation of receipt of any facsimile transmission. Notice given to a
party hereto by any other method shall only be deemed to be given and received when actually received in writing by such party.

(c) The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.

(d) The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such Federal, state, local or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or
regulation.

(e) The Executives or the Companys failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of this Agreement or the failure to promptly assert any right the Executive or the Company may
have hereunder, including, without limitation, the right of the Executive to Separate from Service for Good Reason pursuant to Subsection 3(c)(i)-(v) hereof, shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or
right of this Agreement.

(f) The Executive and the Company acknowledge that, except as may otherwise be provided under any other written agreement between the Executive and the Company, the employment or other
service of the Executive by or with the Company and its Affiliated Companies is at will and, subject to Subsection 1(d) hereof and/or any other written agreement between the Executive and the Company, the Executives employment and/or service
and/or this Agreement may be terminated by either the Executive or the Company or its Affiliated Companies at any time prior to the Effective Date upon written notice to the other party, in which case the Executive shall have no further rights
under this Agreement. From and after the Effective Date, this Agreement shall supersede any other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(g) This Agreement may be executed in 2 or more counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Change of Control Agreement on the dates set forth below.

EXECUTIVE

Date: 

January 10, 2025 

/s/ Greg Henderson 

Greg Henderson

LITTELFUSE, INC.

Date: 

January 10, 2025 

By 

/s/ Maggie Chu 

Name: 

Maggie Chu

Title: 

Senior Vice President and Chief

Human Resources Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ef20041414_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

David Kelley

224-727-2535

dkelley@littelfuse.com

Littelfuse Announces CEO Retirement and Leadership Transition

CEO David Heinzmann to retire after a distinguished 40-year career

Industry veteran and board director Dr. Greg Henderson appointed CEO

Chicago, January 13, 2025 Littelfuse, Inc. (NASDAQ: LFUS), a diversified
industrial technology manufacturing company empowering a sustainable, connected, and safer world, today announced that David (Dave) Heinzmann, President and Chief Executive Officer, has informed the Board of Directors of his intention to retire
as President and CEO. The Board has appointed Dr. Greg Henderson, a member of the Littelfuse Board of Directors, as President and Chief Executive Officer effective February 10, 2025. Mr. Heinzmann will remain on the Littelfuse Board through April
2025 and, to support a seamless transition, serve as an advisor to the Company through August 10, 2025.

Gordon Hunter, Littelfuse Chairman of the Board, commented, On behalf of the Board of Directors, I want to thank Dave for his 40 years of distinguished leadership and
substantial contributions across numerous roles. As CEO, Dave has been an exceptional leader and his passion for Littelfuse, our people, and our customers has been instrumental in guiding the Companys growth, innovations, and industry impact.

Regarding Greg Hendersons appointment as President and CEO, Mr. Hunter added, Greg brings a wealth of experience across our industry, end markets and technologies, as
well as broad familiarity with Littelfuse through his service as a member of our Board of Directors. Greg has a strong track record of value creation as well as extensive technical skills and management experience, most recently leading Analog
Devices Automotive & Energy, Communications, and Aerospace Group. Greg has been a thoughtful voice on our board, and I am confident he is well prepared to lead Littelfuse into its next chapter of growth and success.

Mr. Heinzmann said, It has been a privilege to lead Littelfuse for the past 8 years, and I want to thank our customers, associates, and shareholders for their ongoing
support. I am proud of the team and culture we have built, and what we have accomplished executing our growth strategy over this time. Im confident Greg will continue to build on this success, as he has the ideal skillset and experience to lead
our company in our next stage of growth. I look forward to supporting him through this transition.

I am honored to lead this great company, said Dr. Henderson. Littelfuse has an extensive track record of product leadership and technology innovation,
driving meaningful growth and success over its 98-year history. I am excited to help steward the next phase of the Littelfuse growth journey alongside our talented global teams. I look forward to building on the strong foundation that Dave and the
leadership team have established as we enable the future needs of our diverse customer base across our broad end markets.

With the CEO transition taking effect on February 10, 2025, the Company has made the decision to postpone the previously planned February 26, 2025, Investor Day to a
later date.

About Greg Henderson

Dr. Greg Henderson, 56, has been a member of the Littelfuse Board of Directors since May 2023. From 2017 to 2024, Dr. Henderson served as the Senior Vice President of the
Automotive & Energy, Communications, and Aerospace Group for Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI), a semiconductor company specializing in data conversion, signal processing and power management technology. Previously, he served as Vice President
of the RF and Microwave Business for Analog Devices from 2014 to 2017, and as Vice President of the RF and Microwave Business for Hittite Microwave Corporation until its acquisition by Analog Devices in 2014. Before joining Hittite, Dr. Henderson
held various positions of increasing technical and leadership responsibility at Harris Corporation, Tyco Electronics, TriQuint Semiconductor, and IBM (NYSE: IBM). Dr. Henderson holds a bachelors degree in electrical engineering from Texas Tech
University and a Ph.D. in electrical engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology.

About Littelfuse

Littelfuse, Inc. (NASDAQ: LFUS) is a diversified, industrial technology manufacturing company empowering a sustainable, connected, and safer world. Across more than 20
countries, and with approximately 16,000 global associates, we partner with customers to design and deliver innovative, reliable solutions. Serving over 100,000 end customers, our products are found in a variety of industrial, transportation, and
electronics end marketseverywhere, every day. Learn more at Littelfuse.com.

LFUS-F

# # #
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>lfus-20250110.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>lfus-20250110_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Amendment Flag 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>lfus-20250110_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>image0.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 0-20388

Entity Registrant Name LITTELFUSE INC /DE

Entity Central Index Key 0000889331

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 36-3795742

Entity Address, Address Line One 6133 N. River Rd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 500

Entity Address, City or Town Rosemont

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60018

City Area Code 773

Local Phone Number 628-1000

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol LFUS

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://littelfuse.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ef20041414_8k.htm 
lfus-20250110.xsd 
lfus-20250110_lab.xml 
lfus-20250110_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001140361-25-000873-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>ef20041414_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000889331 

2025-01-10 
2025-01-10 

false 
LITTELFUSE INC /DE 
0000889331 
8-K 
2025-01-10 
DE 
0-20388 
36-3795742 
6133 N. River Rd. 
Suite 500 
Rosemont 
IL 
60018 
773 
628-1000 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
LFUS 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>