<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001654954-25-002970.txt : 20250318
<SEC-HEADER>0001654954-25-002970.hdr.sgml : 20250318
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250318170752
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-25-002970
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250317
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250318
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250318

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CEL SCI CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000725363
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				840916344
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11889
		FILM NUMBER:		25749419

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8229 BOONE BLVD .
		STREET 2:		SUITE 802
		CITY:			VIENNA
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22182
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7035069460

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8229 BOONE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 802
		CITY:			VIENNA
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22182

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INTERLEUKIN 2 INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19880317
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cvm_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?cvm_8k.htm

0000725363false00007253632025-03-172025-03-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): March 17, 2025

CEL-SCI CORPORATION

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Colorado 

001-11889 

84-0916344

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File No.) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

8229 Boone Blvd. #802

Vienna, VA22182

(Address of principal executive offices, including Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (703) 506-9460

N/A

(Former name or former address if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-14c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 

CVM 

NYSE American

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (203.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (204.12b-2 of this chapter.

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 17, 2025, CEL-SCI Corporation, a Colorado corporation (the Company), entered into a Placement Agency Agreement with ThinkEquity LLC (the Placement Agent) relating to the sale and issuance of 4,012,500 shares of the Companys common stock, at an offering price of $0.16 per share (the Shares), and pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase up to 11,987,500 shares of common stock, at an offering price of $0.1599 per Pre-Funded Warrant (such sale and issuance, the Offering). The Pre-Funded Warrants are immediately exercisable and shall expire when exercised in full, at an exercise price of $0.0001 per share.

The Offering closed on March 18, 2025. The gross proceeds from the Offering were $2,560,000 before deducting Placement Agent fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company, and exclusive of the Pre-Funded Warrant exercise price. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Offering to fund the continued development of Multikine, for general corporate purposes, and working capital.

The securities were offered and sold by the Company pursuant to the Companys effective registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-265995) which was declared effective by the Securities Exchange and Commission (the SEC) on July 15, 2022, the base prospectus included therein, as amended and supplemented by the prospectus supplement dated March 17, 2025.

Pursuant to the terms of the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent a cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds of the Offering and to reimburse the Placement Agent for certain of its expenses in an aggregate amount up to $80,000. The Company further agreed not to issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of, any shares of common stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of common stock or file any registration statement or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto for a period of 30 days from March 17, 2025, subject to certain exceptions. Additionally, each of the directors and officers of the Company, pursuant to lock-up agreements, agreed not to sell or transfer any of the Company securities which they hold, subject to certain exceptions, for a period of 45 days from March 17, 2025.

The Placement Agency Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Placement Agent, including for liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. The foregoing description of the Placement Agency Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Placement Agency Agreement, a copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities discussed herein, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation, or sale of the securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state.

Item 8.01Other Events.

On March 17, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering, which press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On March 18, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the closing of the Offering. A copy of this press release is attached as Exhibit 99.2.

The information in this Item 8.01, including Exhibit 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

2

Forward-Looking Statements

Certain of the statements made in this Current Report on Form 8-K are forward looking. Actual results or developments may differ materially from those projected or implied in these forward-looking statements. More information about the risks and uncertainties faced by the Company is contained under the caption Risk Factors in the Companys prospectus supplement filed with the SEC on March 17, 2025 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) promulgated under the Securities Act, the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2024 filed with the SEC on January 13, 2025, and other filings made by the Company with the SEC, all of which can be obtained on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made and reflect managements current estimates, projections, expectations and beliefs. The Company expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in our expectations or any changes in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except as required by law.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

Exhibit No. 

Description

1.1 

Placement Agency Agreement dated March 17, 2025, by and between CEL-SCI Corporation and ThinkEquity, LLC

4.1 

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant

5.1 

Opinion of Hart & Hart, LLC

23.1 

Consent of Hart & Hart, LLC (included in Exhibit 5.1)

99.1 

Press Release dated March 17, 2025

99.2 

Press Release dated March 18, 2025

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 18, 2025

CEL-SCI CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Geert Kersten 

Geert Kersten 

Chief Executive Officer 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cvm_ex11.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
cvm_ex11.htm

EXHIBIT 1.1

PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT

between

CEL-SCI CORPORATION

and 

THINKEQUITY LLC

CEL-SCI CORPORATION 

PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT

New York, New York 

March 17, 2025

ThinkEquity LLC

17 State Street, 41st Floor

New York, NY 10004

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This Placement Agency Agreement (the Agreement) sets forth the terms upon which ThinkEquity LLC ("ThinkEquity" or the "Placement Agent") shall be engaged by CEL-SCI Corporation, a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Colorado (collectively with its subsidiaries and affiliates, including, without limitation, all entities disclosed or described in the Registration Statement (as hereinafter defined) as being subsidiaries or affiliates of CEL-SCI Corporation, the "Company"), to act as the exclusive Placement Agent in connection with the offering (hereinafter referred to as the "Offering") of up to 4,012,500 shares (the "Shares") of the Company's common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock") and 11,987,500 pre- funded warrants, each to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0001 until such time as the Pre-Funded Warrant is exercised in full, subject to adjustment as provided in the Pre-Funded Warrant in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (each a "Pre-Funded Warrant," and in the aggregate, the "Pre-Funded Warrants," the Common Shares underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants, the "Warrant Shares," and the Shares, Pre-Funded Warrants, and Warrant Shares, the "Securities") directly to various investors (each, an "Investor" and, collectively, the "Investors"). The purchase price to the Investors for each Share is $0.16 (the "Share Offering Price"), the purchase price to the Investors for each Pre-Funded Warrant is $0.1599, and the exercise price to the Investor for each Warrant Share is $0.0001. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its behalf in connection with the Offering.

1. Agreement to Act as Placement Agent Closing Placement Agent Compensation.

1.1 

On the basis of the representations, warranties and agreements of the Company herein contained, and subject to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement between the Company and the Placement Agent, the Placement Agent is appointed as the Company's exclusive placement agent subject to the terms and conditions contained herein. On the basis of such representations and warranties and subject to such terms and conditions, the Placement Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the services hereunder diligently and in good faith and in a professional and businesslike manner and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Company in finding subscribers of the Securities and to complete the Offering. The Placement Agent has no obligation to purchase any of the Securities. Unless sooner terminated in accordance with this Agreement, the engagement of the Placement Agent hereunder shall continue until the later of the Termination Date or the Closing. The Offering will be made on a reasonable best efforts basis. The Placement Agent may retain other brokers or dealers to act as sub- placement agents on its behalf in connection with the Offering, with any fees they may be entitled to being paid out of the fee paid to such Placement Agent pursuant to Section 1.5.

2

1.2 

Payment of the aggregate purchase price paid by any and all Investors less the Cash Fee, and the other accountable expenses payable in accordance with Section 3.10 of this Agreement (the "Purchase Price") for, and delivery of, the Securities (the "Closing") shall be made at the offices of Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP ("Placement Agent Counsel"), 1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor, New York, NY 10036, or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Placement Agent and the Company, at 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on March 18, 2025(such time and date of payment and delivery being herein called "Closing Date"). The term "Business Day" means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law to close in New York, New York.

1.3 

On the Closing Date, (i) the Purchase Price will be released to the Company either (a) by the Placement Agent on behalf of each Investor for the Securities to be issued and sold to such Investor at the Closing, by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with the flow of funds letter regarding the Closing, or (b) by the Investor wiring the Purchase Price to the Company by wire transfer to an account designated in writing by the Company, and (ii) the Company shall (A) cause its transfer agent (together with any subsequent transfer agent, the "Transfer Agent") through the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, to credit such aggregate number of Shares that each Investor is purchasing as set forth in the flow of funds letter regarding the Closing to either (a) the Placement Agent's balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system, or (b) directly to the account of each Investor or its respective nominee(s), at the designated account with DTC as provided on the flow of funds letter (if applicable) and (ii) the Pre-Funded Warrants shall be delivered to each Investor or to the Placement Agent on behalf of the Investor. All actions taken at the Closing shall be deemed to have occurred simultaneously on the Closing Date. Any Securities for which payment has not been received by the Company, to the extent they have been delivered to the Placement Agent or any such Investor, shall be returned to the Company.

1.4 

No Securities which the Company has agreed to sell pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed to have been purchased and paid for, or issued and sold by the Company, until the appropriate corresponding number of Securities shall have been delivered to the Investors or the Placement Agent against payment therefor. If the Company shall default in its obligations to deliver the Securities to the Investors or the Placement Agent on behalf of such Investors as per such instructions, the Company shall indemnify and hold the Placement Agent harmless against any loss, claim, damage or liability directly or indirectly arising from or as a result of such default by the Company.

1.5 

As compensation for services rendered, on the Closing Date, the Company shall pay to the Placement Agent the following:

1.5.1 

A cash fee (the "Cash Fee") equal to 7% of the aggregate purchase price paid by the Investors in respect of the Securities purchased at the Closing, which fees shall be deducted from the Purchase Price payable at Closing.

1.5.2 

[Reserved].

1.5.3 

[Reserved].

3

1.6 

The Company hereby acknowledges that (i) the Offering, including the determination of the offering price of the Shares and any related discounts, commissions and fees, shall be an arm's-length commercial transaction between the Company and the Investors, (ii) the Placement Agent will be acting as an independent contractor and will not be the agent or fiduciary of the Company or its shareholders, creditors, employees, the Investors, the Other Investors or any other party, (iii) the Placement Agent shall not assume an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company (irrespective of whether the Placement Agent has advised or is currently advising the Company on other matters) and the Placement Agent shall not have any obligation to the Company with respect to the Offering, except as may be set forth expressly herein, (iv) the Placement Agent and its Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company and (v) the Placement Agent will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to the Offering, and the Company shall consult its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it deems appropriate.

1.7 

The Company is and will be solely responsible for the contents of any and all written or oral communications provided to the Investors regarding the Offering or the Securities and the Company recognizes that the Placement Agent, in acting pursuant to this Agreement, will be using information provided by the Company and its agents and the Placement Agent assumes no responsibility for, and may rely, without independent verification, on the accuracy and completeness of any such information.

1.8 

The Company agrees that any information or advice rendered by the Placement Agent in connection with this engagement is for the confidential use of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") only and the Company will not, and will not permit any third party to, disclose or otherwise refer to such advice or information, in any manner without the Placement Agent's prior written consent.

2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Placement Agent as of the Applicable Time (as defined below), as of the Closing, as follows:

2.1 Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1 Pursuant to the Securities Act. The Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265995), including any related prospectus or prospectuses, for the registration of the Securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), which registration statement was prepared by the Company in all material respects in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act (the Securities Act Regulations) and contains and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement on file with the Commission at any given time, including any amendments thereto to such time, exhibits and schedules thereto at such time, documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act at such time and the documents and information otherwise deemed to be a part thereof or included therein pursuant to Rule 430B of the Securities Act Regulations (the Rule 430B Information) or otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act Regulations at such time, is referred to herein as the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement at the time it originally became effective is referred to herein as the Initial Registration Statement. If the Company files any registration statement pursuant to Rule 462(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, then after such filing, the term Registration Statement shall include such registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b). The Registration Statement was declared effective by the Commission on July 15, 2022.

4

The prospectus in the form in which it was filed with the Commission in connection with the Initial Registration Statement is herein called the Base Prospectus. Promptly after the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company will prepare and file with the Commission a final prospectus supplement to the Base Prospectus relating to the Securities and the Offering in accordance with the provisions of Rule 430B and Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations. Such final prospectus supplement (including the Base Prospectus as so supplemented), in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act is herein called the Prospectus. Any reference herein to the Base Prospectusand the Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act as of the date of such prospectus.

Applicable Time means 4:15 PM., Eastern time, on the date of this Agreement.

Disclosure Package means any Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus issued at or prior to the Applicable Time, the Base Prospectustogether with the pricing terms and other final terms of the Offering provided to Investors as set forth on Schedule 1 hereto, all considered together.

Issuer Free Writing Prospectus means any issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 433), including without limitation any free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) relating to the Securities that is (i) required to be filed with the Commission by the Company, (ii) a road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i), whether or not required to be filed with the Commission, or (iii) exempt from filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d)(5)(i) because it contains a description of the Securities or of the Offering that does not reflect the final terms, in each case in the form filed or required to be filed with the Commission or, if not required to be filed, in the form retained in the Companys records pursuant to Rule 433(g).

Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is intended for general distribution to prospective investors (other than a bona fide electronic road show, as defined in Rule 433), as evidenced by its being specified in Schedule 2-A hereto.

Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus means any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus that is not an Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus.

2.1.2 Registration Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.The Company has filed with the Commission a Form 8-A providing for the registration pursuant to Section 12(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the shares of Common Stock. The registration of the shares of Common Stock and related Form 8-A has become effective under the Exchange Act on or prior to the date hereof. The Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act, nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.

2.2 Stock Exchange Listing. The shares of Common Stock have been approved for listing on The NYSE American LLC (the Exchange), and the Company has taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of, delisting the shares of Common Stock from the Exchange, nor has the Company received any notification that the Exchange is contemplating terminating such listing except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. The Company has submitted the Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form with the Exchange with respect to the Offering of the Securities.

5

2.3 No Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any state regulatory authority has issued any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, , the Prospectus or has instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute, any proceedings with respect to such an order. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information.

2.4 Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.4.1 Compliance with Securities Act and 10b-5 Representation.

(i) Each of the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time it became effective (including each deemed effective date with respect to the Placement Agent pursuant to Rule 430B or otherwise under the Securities Act) complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. The conditions for use of Form S-3, set forth in the General Instructions thereto, including, but not limited to, General Instruction I.B.6 and other conditions related to the offer and sale of the Securities, have been satisfied. TheProspectus, at the time itwas or will be filed with the Commission, complied and will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations.

(ii) Neither the Registration Statement nor any amendment thereto, at its effective time, as of the Applicable Time, at the Closing Date contained, contains, or will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits, or will omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.

(iii) The Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, and the Disclosure Package and Prospectus at the Closing Date, did not, does not, and will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus hereto does not conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, and the Issuer Limited Use Free Writing Prospectus and Base Prospectus as of the Applicable Time, did not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(iv) Neither the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto (including any prospectus wrapper), as of its issue date, at the time of any filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b), at the Closing Date, included, includes or will include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, omits, or will omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(v) The documents incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, when they became effective or were filed with the Commission, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder and none of such documents contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and any further documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, when such documents become effective or are filed with the Commission, as the case may be, will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

6

2.4.2 Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained or incorporated by reference therein and there are no agreements or other documents required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement or to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, that have not been so described or filed or incorporated by reference. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which it is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, or (ii) is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the best of the Companys knowledge, any other party is in default thereunder and, to the best of the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder. To the Companys knowledge, performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses (each, a Governmental Entity), including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

2.4.3 Prior Securities Transactions. For the last three years no securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company, except as disclosed or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement andthe Disclosure Package..

2.4.4 Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, state, local, and all foreign regulation on the Offering and the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and no other such regulations are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus which are not so disclosed.

2.4.5 No Other Distribution of Offering Materials. The Company has not, directly or indirectly, distributed and will not distribute any offering material in connection with the Offering other than the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, and other materials, if any, permitted under the Securities Act and consistent with Section 3.2 below.

7

2.5 Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.5.1 No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein: (i) there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, nor any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a material adverse change or a prospective material adverse change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets, or prospects of the Company (a Material Adverse Change); (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; and (iii) no officer or director of the Company has resigned from any position with the Company.

2.5.2 Recent Securities Transactions, etc. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its capital stock.

2.6 Disclosures in Commission Filings. Since January 1, 2022, (i) none of the Companys filings with the Commission contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and (ii) the Company has made all filings with the Commission required under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (the Exchange Act Regulations).

2.7 Independent Accountants. To the knowledge of the Company, BDO USA, P.C. (the Auditor), whose respective reports are filed with the Commission and included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, is an independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The Auditor has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

2.8 Financial Statements, etc. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, fairly present the financial position and the results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; and such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved (provided that unaudited interim financial statements are subject to year- end audit adjustments that are not expected to be material in the aggregate and do not contain all footnotes required by GAAP); and the supporting schedules included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement present fairly the information required to be stated therein. No other historical or pro forma financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus by the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations. The pro forma financial statements and the related notes, if any, included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus have been properly compiled and prepared in accordance with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act, or the Exchange Act Regulations and present fairly the information shown therein, and the assumptions used in the preparation thereof are reasonable and the adjustments used therein are appropriate to give effect to the transactions and circumstances referred to therein. All disclosures contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus, or incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference therein, regarding non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and regulations of the Commission), if any, comply with Regulation G of the Exchange Act and Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, to the extent applicable. Each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus discloses all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, (a) neither the Company nor any of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including each entity disclosed or described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus as being a subsidiary of the Company (each, a Subsidiary and, collectively, the Subsidiaries), has incurred any material liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, or entered into any material transactions other than in the ordinary course of business, (b) the Company has not declared or paid any dividends or made any distribution of any kind with respect to its capital stock, (c) there has not been any change in the capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or, other than in the usual course of business any grants under any stock compensation plan, and (d) there has not been any Material Adverse Change in the Companys long-term or short-term debt.

8

2.9 Authorized Capital; Options, etc. The Company had, at the date or dates indicated in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the duly authorized, issued, and outstanding capitalization as set forth therein. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date the adjusted stock capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, on the date hereof, as of the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date there will be no stock options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized, but unissued shares of Common Stock of the Company or any security convertible or exercisable into shares of Common Stock of the Company, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell shares of Common Stock or any such options, warrants, rights, or convertible securities.

2.10 Valid Issuance of Securities, etc.

2.10.1 Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission or similar rights with respect thereto or put rights, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights, rights of first refusal, or rights of participation of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized shares of Common Stock conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. The offers and sales of the outstanding shares of Common Stock were at all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities or blue sky laws or, based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such Shares, exempt from such registration requirements.

2.10.2 Securities Sold Pursuant to this Agreement. 

The Shares have been duly authorized for issuance and sale and, when issued and paid for, will be validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Shares are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance, and sale of the Shares has been duly and validly taken. The Shares conform in all material respects to all statements with respect thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus.

9

The Pre-Funded Warrants have been duly and validly authorized by the Company, and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

2.11 Registration Rights of Third Parties. No holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Securities Act or to include any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.12 Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement and the Pre-Funded Warrants have has been duly and validly authorized by the Company, and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

2.13 No Conflicts, etc. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of this Agreement and all ancillary documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a material breach of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination, or imposition of any lien, charge, mortgage, pledge, security interest, claim, equity, trust, or other encumbrance, preferential arrangement, defect, or restriction of any kind whatsoever or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, lease, loan agreement, or any other agreement or instrument, franchise, license, or permit to which the Company is a party or as to which any property of the Company is a subject; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the Companys Articles of Incorporation (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time, the Charter) or the bylaws of the Company (as the same may be amended or restated from time to time); or (iii) violate any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, or decree of any Governmental Entity as of the date hereof (including, without limitation, those promulgated by the Food and Drug Administration of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the FDA) or by any foreign, federal, state, or local regulatory authority performing functions similar to those performed by the FDA).

2.14 No Defaults; Violations. No material default exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant, or condition of any material license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan, or credit agreement, or any other agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not in violation of any term or provision of its Charter or by-laws, or in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, or decree of any Governmental Entity.

10

2.15 Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.15.1 Conduct of Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates, and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus.

2.15.2 Transactions Contemplated Herein. The Company has all corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the Pre-Funded Warrants]and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals, and orders required in connection therewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization, or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency, or other body is required for the valid issuance, sale, and delivery of the Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by this Agreement and the Pre-Funded Warrants and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Exchange and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).

2.16 D&O Questionnaires. To the Companys knowledge, all information contained in the questionnaires (the Questionnaires) completed by each of the Companys directors and officers (the Insiders), as supplemented by the officers and directors and by all information concerning the Companys directors, officers, and principal shareholders as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, as well as in the Lock-Up Agreement (as defined in Section 2.27 below) provided to the Placement Agent, is true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires to become materially inaccurate and incorrect.

2.17 Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation, or governmental proceeding pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened against, or involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any executive officer or director which has not been disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, or in connection with the Companys listing application for the listing of the Shares and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants on the Exchange, and which is required to be disclosed.

2.18 Good Standing. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of the State of Colorado as of the date hereof, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each other jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, singularly or in the aggregate, would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.19 Insurance. The Company carries or is entitled to the benefits of insurance, with reputable insurers, in such amounts and covering such risks which the Company believes are adequate, including, but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage at least equal to Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) and all such insurance is in full force and effect. The Company has no reason to believe that it will not be able (i) to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire or (ii) to obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct its business as now conducted and at a cost that would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.20 Transactions Affecting Disclosure to FINRA.

2.20.1 Finders Fees. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, there are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements, or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting, or origination fee by the Company or any insider with respect to the sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements, or understandings of the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its shareholders that may affect the Placement Agents compensation, as determined by FINRA.

11

2.20.2 Payments Within Twelve Months. Except as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities, or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee, or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member; or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any FINRA member, within the twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Agreement, other than the payment to the Placement Agents as provided hereunder in connection with the Offering.

2.20.3 Use of Proceeds. None of the net proceeds of the Offering will be paid by the Company to any participating FINRA member or its affiliates, except as specifically authorized herein.

2.20.4 FINRA Affiliation. There is no (i) officer or director of the Company, (ii) beneficial owner of ten percent (10%) or more of any class of the Companys securities or (iii) beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the 180-day period immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement that is an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA). Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company (i) does not have any material lending or other relationship with any bank or lending affiliate of any Placement Agent and (ii) does not intend to use any of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities to repay any outstanding debt owed to any affiliate of any Placement Agent.

2.20.5 Information. All information provided by the Company in its and, to the Companys knowledge, all information provided in the Companys officers and directors FINRA questionnaires to Placement Agents Counsel specifically for use by Placement Agents Counsel in connection with its Public Offering System filings (and related disclosure) with FINRA is true, correct, and complete in all material respects.

2.21 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.

2.21.1 None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee, or affiliate of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries, has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift, or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee, or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal, or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Change; (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business, operations, or prospects of the Company.

2.21.2 The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the FCPA) and neither it nor any of its employees have (i) violated or is in violation of any provision of the FCPA or any applicable non-U.S. anti-bribery statute or regulation; (ii) made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment; or (iii) received notice of any investigation, proceeding or inquiry by any Governmental Entity regarding any of the matters in clauses (i)-(iii) above; and the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Companys affiliates have conducted their respective businesses in compliance with the FCPA and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith.

12

2.22 Compliance with OFAC. None of the Company and its Subsidiaries or, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee, or affiliate of the Company and its Subsidiaries or any other person acting on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries, is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (OFAC), and the Company will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Offering hereunder, or lend, contribute, or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner, or other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

2.23 Forward-Looking Statements. No forward-looking statement (within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in either the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package, or Prospectus has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.

2.24 Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money laundering statutes of all jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations, or guidelines, issued, administered, or enforced by any Governmental Entity (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws); and no action, suit, or proceeding by or before any Governmental Entity involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened.

2.25 Regulatory. (a) All preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the Company that are material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are or have been adequately described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus in all material respects. The preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries that are described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus or the results of which are referred to in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus were and, if still ongoing, are being conducted in material compliance with all laws and regulations applicable thereto in the jurisdictions in which they are being conducted and with all laws and regulations applicable to preclinical studies and clinical trials from which data will be submitted to support marketing approval. The descriptions in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus of the results of such studies are accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly present the data derived from such studies, and the Company has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that, the aggregate results of any large well-controlled clinical study are inconsistent with or otherwise call into question the results of any clinical study conducted by or on behalf of the Company that is described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus or the results of which are referred to in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company has not received any written notices or statements from the FDA, the European Medicines Agency (EMA), or any other governmental agency or authority imposing, requiring, requesting, or suggesting a clinical hold, termination, suspension, or material modification for or of any preclinical studies and clinical trials that are described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus or the results of which are referred to in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company has not received any written notices or statements from the FDA, the EMA, or any other governmental agency, and otherwise has no knowledge of, or reason to believe that, (i) any investigational new drug application for any potential product of the Company is or has been rejected or placed on clinical hold; and (ii) any license, approval, permit, or authorization to conduct any clinical trial of any potential product of the Company has been, will be, or may be suspended, revoked, modified, or limited. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has failed to file with the FDA or any foreign, federal, state, or local governmental or regulatory authority performing functions similar to those performed by the FDA, any filing, declaration, listing, registration, report, or submission that is required to be so filed. All such filings were in material compliance with applicable laws when filed and no deficiencies have been asserted by any applicable regulatory authority (including, without limitation, the FDA or any foreign, federal, state, or local governmental or regulatory authority performing functions similar to those performed by the FDA) with respect to any such filings, declarations, listings, registrations, reports, or submissions. To the knowledge of the Company, there are no facts that would be reasonably likely to result in any warning, untitled or notice of violation letter or Form FDA-483 from the FDA. The Company is not aware of any studies, tests, or trials the results of which the Company believes reasonably call into question (i) the study, test, or trial results of any of its products, (ii) the efficacy or safety of any of its products, or (iii) any of the Companys filings with any Governmental Entity.

13

(b) Regulatory Filings and Permits. The Company and its Subsidiaries have such permits, licenses, clearances, registrations, exemptions, patents, franchises, certificates of need and other approvals, consents, and other authorizations (Permits) issued by the appropriate domestic or foreign regional, federal, state, or local regulatory agencies or bodies necessary to conduct the business of the Company, including, without limitation, any Investigational New Drug Application (an IND), Biologics License Application (BLA), and/or New Drug Application (an NDA), as required by FDA, the Drug Enforcement Administration (the DEA), or any other Permits issued by domestic or foreign regional, federal, state, or local agencies or bodies engaged in the regulation of pharmaceuticals such as those being developed by the Company and its Subsidiaries (collectively, the Regulatory Permits), except for any of the foregoing that would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; the Company is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of the Regulatory Permits, and all of such Regulatory Permits are valid and in full force and effect; the Company has not received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation, termination, modification, or impairment of rights of any of the Regulatory Permits that, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling, or finding, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; the Company has not failed to submit to the FDA any IND, BLA, or NDA necessary to conduct the business of the Company, any such filings that were required to be made were in material compliance with applicable laws when filed, and no material deficiencies have been asserted by the FDA with respect to any such filings or submissions that were made.

(c) Compliance with Health Care Laws. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is, and at all times has been, in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Health Care Laws, and has not engaged in activities which are, as applicable, cause for false claims liability, civil penalties, or mandatory or permissive exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid, or any other state or federal health care program. For purposes of this Agreement, Health Care Laws means: (i) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.), the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.), and the regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) all applicable federal, state, local, and all applicable foreign health care related fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)), the U.S. Physician Payment Sunshine Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7h), the U.S. Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729 et seq.), the criminal False Claims Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a- 7b(a)), all criminal laws relating to health care fraud and abuse, including but not limited to 18 U.S.C. Sections 286 and 287, and the health care fraud criminal provisions under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) (42 U.S.C. Section 1320d et seq.), the exclusion laws (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7), the civil monetary penalties law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a), HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.), and the regulations promulgated pursuant to such statutes; (iii) Medicare (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act); (iv) Medicaid (Title XIX of the Social Security Act); (v) the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) and the regulations promulgated thereunder; and (vi) any and all other applicable health care laws and regulations. Neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any subsidiary has received notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration, or other action from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in material violation of any Health Care Laws, and, to the Companys knowledge, no such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration, or other action is threatened. Neither the Company nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any subsidiary is a party to or has any ongoing reporting obligations pursuant to any corporate integrity agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees, settlement orders, plans of correction, or similar agreements with or imposed by any governmental or regulatory authority. Additionally, neither the Company, its Subsidiaries, nor any of its respective employees, officers, or directors has been excluded, suspended, or debarred from participation in any U.S. federal health care program or human clinical research or, to the knowledge of the Company, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar action that could reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion.

14

2.26 Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company and delivered to you or to Placement Agents Counsel shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Placement Agent as to the matters covered thereby.

2.27 Lock-Up Agreements.Schedule 3 hereto contains a complete and accurate list of the Companys officers and directors (collectively, the Lock-Up Parties). The Company has caused each of the Lock-Up Parties to deliver to the Placement agent an executed Lock-Up Agreement, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Lock-Up Agreement), prior to the execution of this Agreement.

2.28 Subsidiaries. All direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company are duly organized and in good standing under the laws of the place of organization or incorporation, and each Subsidiary is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would not have a Material Adverse Change. The Companys ownership and control of each Subsidiary is as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus.

2.29 Related Party Transactions.

2.29.1 Business Relationships. There are no business relationships or related party transactions involving the Company or any other person required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus that have not been described as required.

2.29.2 No Relationships with Customers and Suppliers. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company on the one hand, and the directors, officers, five percent (5%) or greater stockholders, customers, or suppliers of the Company or any of the Companys affiliates on the other hand, which is required to be described in the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus or a document incorporated by reference therein and which is not so described.

2.29.3 No Unconsolidated Entities. There are no transactions, arrangements, or other relationships between and/or among the Company, any of its affiliates (as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Regulations) and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited to, any structured finance, special purpose, or limited purpose entity that could reasonably be expected to materially affect the Companys or any of its Subsidiaries liquidity or the availability of or requirements for their capital resources required to be described or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus which have not been described or incorporated by reference as required.

15

2.29.4 No Loans or Advances to Affiliates. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business), or guarantees or indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company, any other affiliates of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus.

2.30 Board of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Company (Board) is comprised of the persons disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. The qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board comply with the Exchange Act, the Exchange Act Regulations, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) applicable to the Company and the listing rules of the Exchange. At least one (1) member of the Audit Committee of the Board qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange. In addition, at least a majority of the persons serving on the Board qualify as independent, as defined under the listing rules of the Exchange.

2.31 Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance.

2.31.1 Disclosure Controls. The Company has developed and currently maintains disclosure controls and procedures that will comply with Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations, and such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information concerning the Company will be made known on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of the Companys Exchange Act filings and other public disclosure documents.

2.31.2 Compliance. The Company is, or at the Applicable Time and on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act applicable to it, and has implemented or will implement such programs and taken reasonable steps to ensure the Companys future compliance (not later than the relevant statutory and regulatory deadlines therefor) with all of the material provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

2.32 Accounting Controls. The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain systems of internal control over financial reporting (as defined under Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act Regulations) that comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act and have been designed by, or under the supervision of, their respective principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, including, but not limited to, internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal controls. The Auditor and the Audit Committee of the Board have been advised of: (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are known to the Companys management and that have adversely affected or are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and (ii) any fraud known to the Companys management, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Companys internal controls over financial reporting. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included in the Disclosure Package, there has been no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting.

16

2.33 No Investment Company Status. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, will not be, required to register as an investment company, as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

2.34 No Labor Disputes. No labor dispute with the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent.

2.35 Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses or has valid rights to use all patents, patent applications, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, copyrights, licenses, inventions, trade secrets, and similar rights (Intellectual Property Rights) necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. To the knowledge of the Company, no action or use by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries necessary for the conduct of its business as currently carried on and as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus will involve or give rise to any infringement of, or license or similar fees (other than license or similar fees described or contemplated in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus) for, any Intellectual Property Rights of others. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice alleging any such infringement of, license or similar fees for, or conflict with, any asserted Intellectual Property Rights of others. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change, (i) to the knowledge of the Company, there is no infringement, misappropriation, or violation by third parties of any of the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company; (ii) there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened action, suit, proceeding, or claim by others challenging the rights of the Company in or to any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim, that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.35, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (iii) the Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company have not been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, and there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding, or claim by others challenging the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property Rights, and the Company is unaware of any facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.35, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; (iv) there is no pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding, or claim by others that the Company infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights of others, the Company has not received any written notice of such claim and the Company is unaware of any other facts which would form a reasonable basis for any such claim that would, individually or in the aggregate, together with any other claims in this Section 2.35, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change; and (v) to the Companys knowledge, no employee of the Company is in or has ever been in violation in any material respect of any term of any employment contract, patent disclosure agreement, invention assignment agreement, non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement, nondisclosure agreement, or any restrictive covenant to or with a former employer where the basis of such violation relates to such employees employment with the Company, or actions undertaken by the employee while employed with the Company and could reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Change. To the Companys knowledge, all material technical information developed by and belonging to the Company which has not been disclosed in a filed patent application has been kept confidential. The Company is not a party to or bound by any options, licenses, or agreements with respect to the Intellectual Property Rights of any other person or entity that are required to be set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus and are not described therein. The Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus contain in all material respects the same description of the matters set forth in the preceding sentence. None of the technology employed by the Company has been obtained or is being used by the Company in violation of any contractual obligation binding on the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any of its officers, directors, or employees, or otherwise in violation of the rights of any persons.

17

All licenses for the use of the Intellectual Property described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus are in full force and effect in all material respects and are enforceable by the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with their terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. None of such agreements or instruments has been assigned by the Company, and the Company has not, and to the Companys knowledge, no other party is in default thereunder and no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default thereunder.

2.36 Taxes. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has filed all returns (as hereinafter defined) required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the date hereof or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has paid all taxes (as hereinafter defined) shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on or assessed against the Company or such respective Subsidiary. The provisions for taxes payable, if any, shown on the financial statements filed with or as part of the Registration Statement are sufficient for all accrued and unpaid taxes, whether or not disputed, and for all periods to and including the dates of such consolidated financial statements. Except as disclosed in writing to the Placement Agent, (i) no issues have been raised (and are currently pending) by any taxing authority in connection with any of the returns or taxes asserted as due from the Company or its Subsidiaries, and (ii) no waivers of statutes of limitation with respect to the returns or collection of taxes have been given by or requested from the Company or its Subsidiaries. The term taxes means all federal, state, local, foreign and other net income, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits, license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, windfall profits, customs, duties, or other taxes, fees, assessments, or charges of any kind whatever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax, or additional amounts with respect thereto. The term returns means all returns, declarations, reports, statements, and other documents required to be filed in respect to taxes.

2.37 ERISA Compliance. The Company and any employee benefit plan (as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (collectively, ERISA)) established or maintained by the Company or its ERISA Affiliates (as defined below) are in compliance in all material respects with ERISA. ERISA Affiliate means, with respect to the Company, any member of any group of organizations described in Sections 414(b), (c), (m), or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder (the Code) of which the Company is a member. No reportable event (as defined under ERISA) has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates. No employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates, if such employee benefit plan were terminated, would have any amount of unfunded benefit liabilities (as defined under ERISA). Neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred or reasonably expects to incur any material liability under (i) Title IV of ERISA with respect to termination of, or withdrawal from, any employee benefit plan or (ii) Sections 412, 4971, 4975, or 4980B of the Code. Each employee benefit plan established or maintained by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and, to the knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, which would cause the loss of such qualification.

18

2.38 Compliance with Laws. The Company: (i) is and at all times has been in compliance with all statutes, rules, or regulations applicable to the ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale, storage, import, export storage, or disposal of any product manufactured or distributed by the Company (Applicable Laws), except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Change; (ii) has not received any FDA Form 483, notice of adverse finding, warning letter, untitled letter, or other correspondence or written notice from the FDA or any other governmental authority alleging or asserting noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits, and supplements or amendments thereto required by any such Applicable Laws (Authorizations); (iii) possesses all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect and are not in material violation of any term of any such Authorizations; (iv) has not received written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration, or other action from any governmental authority or third party alleging that any product operation or activity is in violation of any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit, investigation, or proceeding; (v) has not received written notice that any governmental authority has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify, or revoke any Authorizations and has no knowledge that any such governmental authority is considering such action; (vi) has filed, obtained, maintained, or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions, and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records, claims, submissions, and supplements or amendments were complete and correct in all material respects on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission); and (vii) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated, conducted, or issued or caused to be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement, safety alert, post-sale warning, dear doctor letter, or other notice or action relating to the alleged lack of safety or efficacy of any product or any alleged product defect or violation and, to the Companys knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted or intends to initiate any such notice or action.

2.39 Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all foreign, federal, state, and local rules, laws, and regulations relating to the use, treatment, storage, and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or waste and protection of health and safety or the environment which are applicable to their businesses (Environmental Laws), except where the failure to comply would not, singularly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change. There has been no storage, generation, transportation, handling, treatment, disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind of toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances by, due to, or caused by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or, to the Companys knowledge, any other entity for whose acts or omissions the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may otherwise be liable) upon any of the property now or previously owned or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or upon any other property, in violation of any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree, or permit or which would, under any law, statute, ordinance, rule (including rule of common law), regulation, order, judgment, decree, or permit, give rise to any liability; and there has been no disposal, discharge, emission, or other release of any kind onto such property or into the environment surrounding such property of any toxic or other wastes or other hazardous substances with respect to which the Company has knowledge. In the ordinary course of business, the Company and its Subsidiaries conduct periodic reviews of the effect of Environmental Laws on their business and assets, in the course of which they identify and evaluate associated costs and liabilities (including, without limitation, any capital or operating expenditures required for clean-up, closure of properties, or compliance with Environmental Laws or any governmental permit issued thereunder, any related constraints on operating activities and any potential liabilities to third parties). On the basis of such reviews, the Company and its Subsidiaries have reasonably concluded that such associated costs and liabilities would not have, singularly or in the aggregate, result in a Material Adverse Change.

19

2.40 Real and Personal Property. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to, or have valid rights to lease or otherwise use, all items of real or personal property which are material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, security interests, claims, and defects that do not, singly or in the aggregate, materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and all of the leases and subleases material to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, considered as one enterprise, and under which the Company or any of its subsidiaries holds properties described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, are in full force and effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of any material claim of any sort that has been asserted by anyone adverse to the rights of the Company or any Subsidiary under any of the leases or subleases mentioned above, or affecting or questioning the rights of the Company or such Subsidiary to the continued possession of the leased or subleased premises under any such lease or sublease.

2.41 [Reserved].

2.42 Ineligible Issuer. At the time of filing the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, at the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto, at the earliest time thereafter that the Company or another offering participant made a bona fide offer (within the meaning of Rule 164(h)(2) of the Securities Act Regulations) of the Securities and at the date hereof, the Company was not and is not an ineligible issuer, as defined in Rule 405, without taking account of any determination by the Commission pursuant to Rule 405 that it is not necessary that the Company be considered an ineligible issuer.

2.43 [Reserved]

2.44 Industry Data. The statistical and market-related data included in each of the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate or represent the Companys good faith estimates that are made on the basis of data derived from such sources.

2.45 Margin Securities. The Company owns no margin securities as that term is defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board), and none of the proceeds of Offering will be used, directly or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin security, for the purpose of reducing or retiring any indebtedness which was originally incurred to purchase or carry any margin security or for any other purpose which might cause any of the shares of Common Stock to be considered a purpose credit within the meanings of Regulation T, U, or X of the Federal Reserve Board.

2.46 Exchange Act Reports. The Company has filed in a timely manner all reports required to be filed pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(e), 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding twelve (12) months (except to the extent that Section 15(d) requires reports to be filed pursuant to Sections 13(d) and 13(g) of the Exchange Act, which shall be governed by the next clause of this sentence); and the Company has filed in a timely manner all reports required to be filed pursuant to Sections 13(d) and 13(g) of the Exchange Act since December 6, 2012, except where the failure to timely file could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Change.

20

2.47 Minute Books. The minute books of the Company have been made available to the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent, and such books (i) contain a complete summary of all meetings and actions of the Board (including each Board committee) and stockholders of the Company (or analogous governing bodies and interest holders, as applicable), and each of its Subsidiaries since the time of its respective incorporation or organization through the date of the latest meeting and action, and (ii) accurately in all material respects reflect all transactions referred to in such minutes. There are no material transactions, agreements, dispositions, or other actions of the Company that are not properly approved and/or accurately and fairly recorded in the minute books of the Company, as applicable.

2.48 Integration. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the Offering to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act that would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act.

2.49 No Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors, or stockholders (without the consent of the Placement Agent) has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization, or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities.

2.50 Confidentiality and Non-Competition. To the Companys knowledge, no director, officer, key employee, or consultant of the Company is subject to any confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition agreement, or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer that could reasonably be expected to materially affect his ability to be and act in his respective capacity of the Company or be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change.

2.51 Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not (i) alone engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communications, other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the written consent of the Placement Agent and with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act and (ii) authorized anyone other than the Placement Agent to engage in Testing- the-Waters Communications. The Company confirms that the Placement Agent has been authorized to act on its behalf in undertaking Testing-the-Waters Communications. The Company has not distributed any Written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule 2-B hereto. Written Testing-the-Waters Communication means any Testing-the-Waters Communication that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

3. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1 Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company shall deliver to the Placement Agent, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement,Disclosure Package, or Prospectus proposed to be filed after the date hereof and not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent shall reasonably object in writing.

21

3.2 Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1 Compliance. The Company, subject to Section 3.2.2, shall comply with the requirements of Rule 424(b) and Rule 430B of the Securities Act Regulations, and will notify the Placement Agent promptly, and confirm the notice in writing, (i) when any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to any Prospectus Supplement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus shall have been filed and when any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement shall become effective; (ii) of the receipt of any comments from the Commission; (iii) of any request by the Commission for any amendment to the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement to any the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or for additional information; (iv) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment or of any order preventing or suspending the use of any Prospectus, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, or of the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of the initiation or threatening of any proceedings for any of such purposes or of any examination pursuant to Section 8(d) or 8(e) of the Securities Act concerning the Registration Statement; and (v) if the Company becomes the subject of a proceeding under Section 8A of the Securities Act in connection with the Offering of the Securities. The Company shall effect all filings required under Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act Regulations, in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)), and shall take such steps as it deems necessary to ascertain promptly whether the form of prospectus transmitted for filing under Rule 424(b) was received for filing by the Commission and, in the event that it was not, it will promptly file such prospectus. The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order, prevention or suspension and, if any such order is issued, to obtain the lifting thereof at the earliest possible moment.

3.2.2 Continued Compliance. The Company shall comply with the Securities Act, the Securities Act Regulations, the Exchange Act, and the Exchange Act Regulations so as to permit the completion of the distribution of the Securities as contemplated in this Agreement, the Pre-Funded Warrants and in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. If at any time when a prospectus relating to the Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172 of the Securities Act Regulations (Rule 172), would be) required by the Securities Act to be delivered in connection with sales of the Securities, any event shall occur or condition shall exist as a result of which it is necessary, in the opinion of counsel for the Placement Agent or for the Company, to (i) amend the Registration Statement in order that the Registration Statement will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (ii) amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order that the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, will not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances existing at the time it is delivered to a purchaser, or (iii) amend the Registration Statement or amend or supplement the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, as the case may be, in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations, the Company will promptly (A) give the Placement Agent notice of such event; (B) prepare any amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission or to make the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, or the Prospectus comply with such requirements and, a reasonable amount of time prior to any proposed filing or use, furnish the Placement Agent with copies of any such amendment or supplement; and (C) file with the Commission any such amendment or supplement; provided, however, that the Company shall not file or use any such amendment or supplement to which the Placement Agent or counsel for the Placement Agent shall reasonably object. The Company will furnish to the Placement Agent such number of copies of such amendment or supplement as the Placement Agent may reasonably request. The Company has given the Placement Agent notice of any filings made pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Exchange Act Regulations within forty-eight (48) hours prior to the Applicable Time. The Company shall give the Placement Agent notice of its intention to make any such filing from the Applicable Time until the Closing and will furnish the Placement Agent with copies of the related document(s) a reasonable amount of time prior to such proposed filing, as the case may be, and will not file or use any such document to which the Placement Agent or counsel for the Placement Agent shall reasonably object.

3.2.3 Exchange Act Registration. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement or the expiration or exercise of all of the Pre-Funded Warrants, whichever is later, the Company shall use its best efforts to maintain the registration of the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company shall not deregister the shares of Common Stock under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent.

22

3.2.4 Free Writing Prospectuses. The Company agrees that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, it shall not make any offer relating to the Securities that would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus, or a portion thereof, required to be filed by the Company with the Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433; provided, however, that the Placement Agent shall be deemed to have consented to each Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectus hereto and any road show that is a written communication within the meaning of Rule 433(d)(8)(i) that has been reviewed by the Placement Agent. The Company represents that it has treated or agrees that it will treat each such free writing prospectus consented to, or deemed consented to, by the Placement Agent as an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433, and that it has complied and will comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 433 with respect thereto, including timely filing with the Commission where required, legending and record keeping. If at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conflicted or would conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company will promptly notify the Placement Agent and will promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus to eliminate or correct such conflict, untrue statement or omission.

3.2.5 Testing-the-Waters Communications. If at any time following the distribution of any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication there occurred or occurs an event or development as a result of which such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication included or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or would omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances existing at that subsequent time, not misleading, the Company shall promptly notify the Placement Agent and shall promptly amend or supplement, at its own expense, such Written Testing-the-Waters Communication to eliminate or correct such untrue statement or omission.

3.3 Delivery to the Placement Agent of Registration Statements. The Company has delivered or made available or shall deliver or make available to the Placement Agent and counsel for the Placement Agent, without charge, signed copies of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto (including exhibits filed therewith or incorporated by reference therein and documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference therein) and signed copies of all consents and certificates of experts, and will also deliver to the Placement Agent, without charge, a conformed copy of the Registration Statement as originally filed and each amendment thereto (without exhibits) for the Placement Agent. The copies of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto furnished to the Placement Agent will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

3.4 Delivery to the Placement Agent of Prospectuses. The Company has delivered or made

available or will deliver or make available to the Placement Agent without charge, as many copies of each Prospectus or prospectus supplement as the Placement Agent reasonably requested, and the Company hereby consents to the use of such copies for purposes permitted by the Securities Act. The Company will furnish to each Placement Agent, without charge, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, such number of copies of the Prospectus (as amended or supplemented) as such Placement Agent may reasonably request. The Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto furnished to the Placement Agent will be identical to the electronically transmitted copies thereof filed with the Commission pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent permitted by Regulation S-T.

23

3.2 Events Requiring Notice to the Placement Agent. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain effective with a current prospectus related to the Registration Statement, promptly amending the prospectus that is part of the Registration Statement as necessary to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as well as any applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commissionfor at least nine (9) months after the Applicable Time and through and including the expiration date of the Pre-Funded Warrants (or the date that all of the Pre-Funded Warrants have been exercised, if earlier), and shall notify the Placement Agent immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (ii) of the issuance by any state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (iv) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (v) of the happening of any event during the period described in this Section 3.5 that, in the judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in (a) the Registration Statement in order to make the statements therein not misleading, or (b) in the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the Commission or any state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company shall make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

3.3 Review of Financial Statements. For a period of five (5) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company, at its expense, shall cause its regularly engaged independent registered public accounting firm to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements for each of the three fiscal quarters immediately preceding the announcement of any quarterly financial information.

3.4 Listing. The Company shall use its best efforts to maintain the listing of the shares of Common Stock (including the Shares and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants) on the Exchange for at least three (3) years from the date of this Agreement or expiration date of the Pre-Funded Warrants.

3.5 Financial Public Relations Firm. The Company has retained a financial public relations firm reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and the Company, which shall initially be Corporate Profile, LLC, which firm shall be experienced in assisting issuers in public offerings of securities and in their relations with their security holders, and shall retain such firm or another firm reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent for a period of not less than two (2) years after the date hereof.

3.9 Reports to the Placement Agent.

3.9.1 Periodic Reports, etc. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement or the expiration or exercise of all of the Pre-Funded Warrants, whichever is later, the Company shall furnish or make available to the Placement Agent copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally to holders of any class of its securities and also promptly furnish to the Placement Agent: (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company shall be required to file with the Commission under the Exchange Act and the Exchange Act Regulations; (ii) a copy of every press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs which was released by the Company; (iii) a copy of each Form 8-K prepared and filed by the Company; (iv) five (5) copies of each registration statement filed by the Company under the Securities Act; (v) a copy of each report or other communication furnished to stockholders; and (vi) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Placement Agent may from time to time reasonably request; provided, however, the Placement Agent shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and Placement Agent Counsel in connection with the Placement Agents receipt of such information. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Placement Agent pursuant to this Section 3.9.1. EDGAR means the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system.

24

3.9.2 Transfer Agent; Transfer Sheets. For a period of three (3) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall retain a transfer agent and registrar acceptable to the Placement Agent (the Transfer Agent) and shall furnish to the Placement Agent at the Companys sole cost and expense such transfer sheets of the Companys securities as the Placement Agent may reasonably request, including the daily and monthly consolidated transfer sheets of the Transfer Agent and DTC. Computershare is acceptable to the Placement Agent to act as Transfer Agent for the shares of Common Stock.

3.9.3 Trading Reports. During such time as the Shares and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants are listed on the Exchange, the Company shall provide to the Placement Agent, at the Companys expense, such reports published by Exchange relating to price trading of the Shares and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants as the Placement Agent shall reasonably request.

3.10 Payment of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay on the Closing Date to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including, but not limited to: (i) all filing fees and communication expenses relating to the registration of the Securities to be issued and sold in the Offering with the Commission; (ii) all filing fees associated with the review of the Offering by FINRA; (iii) all fees and expenses relating to the listing of such Common Stock on the Exchange, including any fees charged by the DTC for new securities; (iv) all fees, expenses, and disbursements relating to the registration, qualification, or exemption of the Securities under the securities laws of such foreign jurisdictions as the Placement Agent may reasonably designate; (v) the costs of all mailing and printing of the offering documents (including, without limitation, this Agreement, any blue sky surveys and, if appropriate, any agreement among placement agents, selected dealers agreement, placement agents questionnaire and power of attorney), Registration Statements, Prospectuses, and all amendments, supplements, and exhibits thereto and as many preliminary and final Prospectuses as the Placement Agent may reasonably deem necessary; (vi) the costs of preparing, printing, and delivering certificates representing the Securities; (vii) fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent for the shares of Common Stock; (viii) stock transfer and/or stamp taxes, if any, payable upon the transfer of securities from the Company to the Placement Agent; (ix) the fees and expenses of the Companys accountants; (x) the fees and expenses of the Companys legal counsel and other agents and representatives; (xi) the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of Placement Agents legal counsel not to exceed Sixty Thousand Dollars ($60,000) in the event gross proceeds are less than $5,000,000; $80,000 in the event gross proceeds are $5,000,000 - $10,000,000; and $120,000 in the event gross proceeds are greater than $10,000,000; (xii) the Placement Agents other expenses in connection with the Offering not to exceed $20,000 in the event gross proceeds are less than $5,000,000; $30,000 in the event gross proceeds are $5,000,000 - $10,000,000; and $45,000 in the event gross proceeds are greater than $10,000,000. The Placement Agent may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date the expenses set forth herein to be paid by the Company to the Placement Agent, provided, however, that in the event that the Offering is terminated, the Company agrees to reimburse the Placement Agent pursuant to Section 8.3 hereof.

3.11 Application of Net Proceeds. The Company shall apply the net proceeds from the Offering received by it in a manner consistent with the application thereof described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus.

3.12 Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company shall make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not later than the first day of the fifteenth (15th) full calendar month following the date of this Agreement, an earnings statement (which need not be certified by independent registered public accounting firm unless required by the Securities Act or the Securities Act Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Securities Act) covering a period of at least twelve (12) consecutive months beginning after the date of this Agreement.

25

3.13 Stabilization. Neither the Company nor, to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors, or shareholders (without the consent of the Placement Agent) has taken or shall take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under Regulation M of the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities.

3.14 Internal Controls. The Company shall maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization; and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.15 Accountants. As of the date of this Agreement, the Company shall continue to retain a nationally recognized independent registered public accounting firm for a period of at least three (3) years after the date of this Agreement. The Placement Agent acknowledges that BDO USA, P.C. is acceptable to the Placement Agent.

3.16 FINRA. The Company shall advise the Placement Agent (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is or becomes aware that (i) any officer or director of the Company, (ii) any beneficial owner of ten percent (10%) or more of any class of the Company's securities, or (iii) any beneficial owner of the Companys unregistered equity securities which were acquired during the one hundred eighty (180) days immediately preceding the filing of the Registration Statement is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the Offering (as determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of FINRA).

3.17 No Fiduciary Duties. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Placement Agents responsibility to the Company is solely contractual in nature and that none of the Placement Agent or their affiliates or any selling agent shall be deemed to be acting in a fiduciary capacity, or otherwise owes any fiduciary duty to the Company or any of its affiliates in connection with the Offering and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.18 [Reserved]

3.19 Company Lock-Up Agreements. The Company, on behalf of itself and any successor entity, agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, it will not for a period of thirty (30) days after the date of this Agreement (the Lock-Up Period), (i) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option, or contract to purchase, purchase any option, or contract to sell, grant any option, right, or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company; (ii) file or cause to be filed any registration statement with the Commission relating to the offering of any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of the Company; (iii) complete any offering of debt securities of the Company, other than entering into a line of credit with a traditional bank; or (iv) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of capital stock of the Company, whether any such transaction described in clause (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) above is to be settled by delivery of shares of capital stock of the Company or such other securities, in cash or otherwise.

26

The restrictions contained in this Section 3.19 shall not apply to (i) Securities and the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, if any, (ii) the issuance by the Company of shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of a stock option or warrant or the conversion of a security outstanding on the date hereof, which is disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package, and Prospectus, provided that such options, warrants, and securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price, or conversion price of such securities or to extend the term of such securities, (iii) the issuance by the Company of stock options, shares of capital stock of the Company, or other awards under any equity compensation plan of the Company, provided that in each of (ii) and (iii) above, the underlying shares shall be restricted from sale during the entire Lock-Up Period.

3.20 Release of D&O Lock-up Period. If the Placement Agent, in its sole discretion, agrees to release or waive the restrictions set forth in the Lock-Up Agreements described in Section 2.27hereof for an officer or director of the Company and provide the Company with notice of the impending release or waiver at least three (3) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver, the Company agrees to announce the impending release or waiver by a press release substantially in the form of ExhibitB hereto through a major news service at least two (2) Business Days before the effective date of the release or waiver.

3.21 Blue Sky Qualifications. The Company shall use its best efforts, in cooperation with the Placement Agent, if necessary, to qualify the Securities for offering and sale under the applicable securities laws of such states and other jurisdictions (domestic or foreign) as the Placement Agent may designate and to maintain such qualifications in effect so long as required to complete the distribution of the Securities; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.

3.22 Reporting Requirements. The Company, during the period when a prospectus relating to the Securities is (or, but for the exception afforded by Rule 172, would be) required to be delivered under the Securities Act, will file all documents required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act within the time periods required by the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Regulations.

3.23 Press Releases. Prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall not issue any press release or other communication directly or indirectly or hold any press conference with respect to the Company, its condition, financial, or otherwise, or earnings, business affairs, or business prospects (except for routine oral marketing communications in the ordinary course of business and consistent with the past practices of the Company and of which the Placement Agent is notified), without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, unless in the judgment of the Company and its counsel, and after notification to the Placement Agent, such press release or communication is required by law.

3.24 Sarbanes-Oxley. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, the Company shall at all times comply with all applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in effect from time to time.

4 Conditions of Placement Agents Obligations. The obligations of the Placement Agent as provided herein, shall be subject to (i) the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, (ii) the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof; (iii) the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder; and (iv) the following conditions:

27

4.1Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1Commission Actions; Required Filings. On Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto shall have been issued under the Securities Act, no order preventing or suspending the use of the Prospectus shall have been issued, and no proceedings for any of those purposes shall have been instituted or are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, contemplated by the Commission. The Company has complied with each request (if any) from the Commission for additional information. A prospectus containing the Rule 430B Information shall have been filed with the Commission in the manner and within the time frame required by Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act Regulations (without reliance on Rule 424(b)(8)) or a post-effective amendment providing such information shall have been filed with, and declared effective by, the Commission in accordance with the requirements of Rule 430B under the Securities Act Regulations.

4.1.2No Objection. FINRA has confirmed that it has not raised any objection with respect to the fairness and reasonableness of the Placement Agents compensation relating to the offering of the Securities.

4.1.3Exchange Stock Market Clearance. On the Closing, the Companys shares of Common Stock, including the Shares and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants, shall have been approved for listing on the Exchange, subject only to official notice of issuance.

4.2Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1Closing Date Opinion of Counsel. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received the favorable opinion of Hart & Hart, LLC, counsel to the Company, and a written statement providing certain 10b-5 negative assurances, dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Placement Agent, substantially in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto.

4.2.2Opinion of Special Intellectual Property Counsel for the Company. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received the opinion of Hahn & Associates PLLC, as special intellectual property counsel for the Company, and a written statement providing certain 10b-5 negative assurances, dated the Closing Date, and addressed to the Placement Agent, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent.

4.2.3 [Reserved]

4.2.4 [Reserved]

4.2.5Reliance. In rendering such opinions, such counsel may rely: (i) as to matters involving the application of laws other than the laws of the United States and jurisdictions in which they are admitted, to the extent such counsel deems proper and to the extent specified in such opinion, if at all, upon an opinion or opinions (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Placement Agent) of other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent, familiar with the applicable laws; and (ii) as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company; provided that copies of any such statements or certificates shall be delivered to Placement Agent Counsel if requested. The opinions of Hart & Hart, LLC, and any opinion relied upon by Hart & Hart, LLC, shall include a statement to the effect that it may be relied upon by Placement Agent Counsel in its opinion delivered to the Placement Agent.

4.3Comfort Letters.

4.3.1Cold Comfort Letter. On the date of this Agreement and Closing Date, you shall receive cold comfort letters from the Auditor containing statements and information of the type customarily included in accountants comfort letters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained or incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, addressed to the Placement Agent and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects to you and to the Auditor, dated as of the date of Closing.

28

4.3.2RESERVED.

4.4Officers Certificates. The Company shall have furnished to the Placement Agent a certificate, dated the Closing Date of its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer stating that (i) such officers have carefully examined the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, and the Prospectus and, in their opinion, the Registration Statement and each amendment thereto, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and the Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time and as of the Closing Date, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus as of its date and as of the Closing and the Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto, as of the respective date thereof and as of the Closing Date did not include any untrue statement of a material fact and did not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) since the effective date of the Registration Statement, no event has occurred which should have been set forth in a supplement or amendment to the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus, (iii) to the best of their knowledge after reasonable investigation, as of the Closing Date the representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement are true and correct and the Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder at or prior to the Closing Date and (iv) there has not been, subsequent to the date of the most recent audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Disclosure Package, any material adverse change in the financial position or results of operations of the Company, or any change or development that, singularly or in the aggregate, would involve a material adverse change or a prospective material adverse change, in or affecting the condition (financial or otherwise), results of operations, business, assets, or prospects of the Company, except as set forth in the Prospectus.

4.4.1.Secretarys Certificate. On the Closing Date the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Secretary of the Company, dated the Closing Date, certifying: (i) that each of the Charter and Bylaws is true and complete, has not been modified and is in full force and effect; (ii) that the resolutions of the Board relating to the Offering are in full force and effect and have not been modified; (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission; and (iv) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.4.2.Chief Financial Officers Certificate. On the Closing Date, the Placement Agent shall have received a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, with respect to the accuracy of certain information contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent.

4.5. No Material Changes. Prior to the Closing Date: (i) there shall have been no material adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial, or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and no change in the capital stock or debt of the Company, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus; (ii) no action, suit, or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any insider before or by any court or federal or state commission, board, or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling, or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, prospects, or financial condition or income of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus; (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Securities Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or threatened by the Commission; (iv) no action shall have been taken and no law, statute, rule, regulation, or order shall have been enacted, adopted, or issued by any Governmental Entity which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially materially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company; (v) no injunction, restraining order, or order of any other nature by any federal or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially materially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company, and (vi) the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

29

4.6 Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the authorization, form and validity of each of this Agreement, the Securities, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus and all other legal matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby shall be reasonably satisfactory in all material respects to counsel for the Placement Agent, and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and information that they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon such matters.

4.7 Delivery of Agreements and Pre-Funded Warrants.

4.7.1 Lock-Up Agreements. On or before the date of this Agreement, the Company shall have delivered to the Placement Agent executed copies of the Lock-Up Agreements from each of the persons listed in Schedule 3 hereto.

4.8 Additional Documents. At the Closing Date, the Placement Agent Counsel shall have been furnished with such documents and opinions as they may require for the purpose of enabling Placement Agent Counsel to deliver an opinion to the Placement Agent, or in order to evidence the accuracy of any of the representations or warranties, or the fulfillment of any of the conditions, herein contained; and all proceedings taken by the Company in connection with the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Placement Agent and Placement Agent Counsel.

4.9 Pre-Funded Warrants. At the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver the Pre-Funded Warrants in the form provided in Exhibit D.

5 Indemnification.

5.1Indemnification of the Placement Agent.

30

5.1.1General. Subject to the conditions set forth below, the Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Placement Agent, its affiliates, and each of its and their respective directors, officers, members, employees, representatives, partners, shareholders, affiliates, counsel, and agents and each person, if any, who controls any such Placement Agent within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (collectively the Placement Agent Indemnified Parties, and each an Placement Agent Indemnified Party), against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage, and expense whatsoever (including but not limited to any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing, or defending against any litigation, commenced, or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of the Placement Agent Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the Placement Agent Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) to which they or any of them may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or any other statute or at common law or otherwise or under the laws of foreign countries (a Claim), arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in (i) the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the Prospectus, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or in any Written Testing-the-Waters Communication (as from time to time each may be amended and supplemented); (ii) any materials or information provided to investors by, or with the approval of, the Company in connection with the marketing of the Offering, including any road show or investor presentations made to investors by the Company (whether in person or electronically); (iii) any application or other document or written communication (in this Section 5, collectively called application) executed by the Company or based upon written information furnished by the Company in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Securities under the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, any state securities commission or agency, the Exchange, or any other national securities exchange; or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or (iv) otherwise arising in connection with or allegedly in connection with the Offering. The Company also agrees that it will reimburse each Placement Agent Indemnified Party for all fees and expenses (including but not limited to any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing, or defending against any litigation, commenced, or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, whether arising out of any action between any of the Placement Agent Indemnified Parties and the Company or between any of the Placement Agent Indemnified Parties and any third party, or otherwise) (collectively, the Expenses), and further agrees wherever and whenever possible to advance payment of Expenses as they are incurred by an Placement Agent Indemnified Party in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any Claim.

5.1.2Procedure. If any action is brought against an Placement Agent Indemnified Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought against the Company pursuant to Section 5.1.1, such Placement Agent Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the institution of such action and the Company shall assume the defense of such action, including the employment and fees of counsel (subject to the approval of such Placement Agent Indemnified Party) and payment of actual expenses if an Placement Agent Indemnified Party requests that the Company do so. Such Placement Agent Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of the Company, and shall be advanced by the Company. The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any action effected without its consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, settle, compromise, or consent to the entry of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any pending or threatened action in respect of which advancement, reimbursement, indemnification, or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not such Placement Agent Indemnified Party is a party thereto) unless such settlement, compromise, consent, or termination (i) includes an unconditional release of each Placement Agent Indemnified Party, acceptable to such Placement Agent Indemnified Party, from all liabilities, expenses, and claims arising out of such action for which indemnification or contribution may be sought and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability, or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any Placement Agent Indemnified Party.

5.2 RESERVED.

5.3Contribution.

31

5.3.1Contribution Rights. If the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 shall for any reason be unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under Section 5.1 in respect of any loss, claim, damage, or liability, or any action in respect thereof, referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party, contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage, or liability, or action in respect thereof, (i) in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent, on the other, from the Offering of the Securities, or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause (i) above but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent, on the other, with respect to the statements or omissions that resulted in such loss, claim, damage, or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Placement Agent, on the other, with respect to such Offering shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the Offering of the Securities purchased under this Agreement (before deducting expenses) received by the Company, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the one hand, and the total discounts and commissions received by the Placement Agent with respect to the shares of the Common Stock purchased under this Agreement, as set forth in the table on the cover page of the Prospectus, on the other hand. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Placement Agent, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information, and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Placement Agent agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.3.1 were to be determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Placement Agent were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, damage, or liability, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.3.1 shall be deemed to include, for purposes of this Section 5.3.1, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5.3.1 in no event shall an Placement Agent be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total discounts and commissions received by such Placement Agent with respect to the Offering of the Securities exceed the amount of any damages that such Placement Agent has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

5.3.2Contribution Procedure. Within fifteen (15) days after receipt by any party to this Agreement (or its representative) of notice of the commencement of any action, suit, or proceeding, such party will, if a claim for contribution in respect thereof is to be made against another party (contributing party), notify the contributing party of the commencement thereof, but the failure to so notify the contributing party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any other party other than for contribution hereunder. In case any such action, suit, or proceeding is brought against any party, and such party notifies a contributing party or its representative of the commencement thereof within the aforesaid fifteen (15) days, the contributing party will be entitled to participate therein with the notifying party and any other contributing party similarly notified. Any such contributing party shall not be liable to any party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action, or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution on account of any settlement of any claim, action, or proceeding affected by such party seeking contribution without the written consent of such contributing party. The contribution provisions contained in this Section 5.3.2 are intended to supersede, to the extent permitted by law, any right to contribution under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or otherwise available.

6RESERVED

7Additional Covenants.

7.1Board Composition and Board Designations. The Company shall ensure that: (i) the qualifications of the persons serving as members of the Board and the overall composition of the Board comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, with the Exchange Act and with the listing rules of the Exchange or any other national securities exchange, as the case may be, in the event the Company seeks to have any of its securities listed on another exchange or quoted on an automated quotation system, and (ii) if applicable, at least one (1) member of the Audit Committee of the Board qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined under Regulation S-K and the listing rules of the Exchange.

32

7.2Prohibition on Press Releases and Public Announcements. The Company shall not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Placement Agents prior written consent, for a period ending at 5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on the first (1st) Business Day following the thirtieth (30th) day after the Closing Date, other than normal and customary releases issued in the ordinary course of the Companys business.

8Effective Date of this Agreement and Termination Thereof.

8.1Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective when both the Company and the Placement Agent have executed the same and delivered counterparts of such signatures to the other party.

8.2Termination. The Placement Agent shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in your opinion will in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States; or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange or The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC shall have been suspended or materially limited, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction; or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in major hostilities; or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State or federal authority; or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities markets; or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage, or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in your opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Securities; or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties, or covenants hereunder; or (viii) if the Placement Agent shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions or prospects of the Company, or such material adverse change in general market conditions as in the Placement Agents judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale, and/or delivery of the Securities or to enforce contracts made by the Placement Agent for the sale of the Securities.

8.3Expenses. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except in the case of a default by the Placement Agent, pursuant to Section 6.2 above, in the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, the Company shall be obligated to pay to the Placement Agent their actual and accountable out-of-pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein then due and payable (including the fees and disbursements of Placement Agents Counsel) up to Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) (inclusive of the $35,000 advance for out-of-pocket accountable expenses previously paid by the Company to the Placement Agent (the Advance), and upon demand the Company shall pay the full amount thereof to the Placement Agent on behalf of the Placement Agent; provided, however, that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any advance received by the Placement Agent will be reimbursed to the Company to the extent not actually incurred in compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(4)(A).

8.4Survival of Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be in any way affected by, such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

33

8.5Representations, Warranties, Agreements to Survive. All representations, warranties, and agreements contained in this Agreement or in certificates of officers of the Company submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of the Placement Agent or its Affiliates or selling agents, any person controlling the Placement Agent, its officers, or directors or any person controlling the Company, or (ii) delivery of and payment for the Securities.

9Miscellaneous.

9.1Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed (registered or certified mail, return receipt requested), personally delivered or sent by electronic mail transmission and confirmed and shall be deemed given when so delivered and confirmed or if mailed, two (2) days after such mailing.

If to the Placement Agent: ThinkEquity LLC

17 State Street, 41st Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Head of Investment Banking

e-mail: Notices@think-equity.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Sichenzia Ross Ference Carmel LLP

1185 Ave. of the Americas, 31st Floor

New York, NY 10036 

Attn: Ross D. Carmel, Esq. 

e-mail: rcarmel@srfc.law

If to the Company:

CEL-SCI Corporation 8229 Boone Blvd. #802

Vienna, Virginia 22182

Attention: Geert R. Kersten, Chief Executive Officer

Fax No: 703-506-9471

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Hart & Hart, LLC

1624 Washington Street

Denver, CO 80203

Attention: William T. Hart, Esq. 

Email: harttrinen@aol.com

Fax No: (303) 839-5414

9.2Research Analyst Independence. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agents research analysts and research departments are required to be independent from its investment banking division and are subject to certain regulations and internal policies, and that such Placement Agents research analysts may hold views and make statements or investment recommendations and/or publish research reports with respect to the Company and/or the Offering that differ from the views of their investment banking division. The Company acknowledges that the Placement Agent is a full service securities firm and as such from time to time, subject to applicable securities laws, rules and regulations, may effect transactions for its own account or the account of its customers, and hold long or short positions in debt or equity securities of the Company; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 9.2 shall relieve the Placement Agent of any responsibility or liability it may otherwise bear in connection with activities in violation of applicable securities laws, rules or regulations.

34

9.3Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

9.4Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

9.5Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, it is understood and agreed by the parties hereto that all other terms and conditions of that certain engagement letter between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC datedMarch 17, 2025, shall remain in full force and effect.

9.6Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Placement Agent, the Company, and the controlling persons, directors, and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives, heirs, and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy, or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from the Placement Agent.

9.7Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Trial by Jury. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflict of laws principles thereof. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding, or claim against it arising out of, or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 9.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding, or claim. The Company agrees that the prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover from the other party(ies) all of its reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor. The Company (on its behalf and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, on behalf of its stockholders and affiliates) and the Placement Agent hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

9.8Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

9.9Waiver, etc. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way effect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

[Signature Page Follows]

35

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Placement Agent and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours, 

CEL-SCI CORPORATION 

By: 

Name: Geert R. Kersten 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Confirmed as of the date first written above mentioned:

THINKEQUITY LLC

By: 

Name: Eric Lord 

Title: Head of Investment Banking 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO PLACEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT]

36

SCHEDULE 1

Terms

Number of Shares: 4,012,500

Number of Pre-Funded Warrants: 11,987,500

Offering Price per Share: $0.16

Offering Price per Pre-Funded Warrant: $0.1599

Proceeds to Company (before expenses and after exercise of Pre-Funded Warrants on a cash basis): 2,560,000

37

SCHEDULE 2-A

Issuer General Use Free Writing Prospectuses

Not applicable. 

38

SCHEDULE 2-B

Written Testing-the-Waters Communications

None.

39

SCHEDULE 3

List of Lock-Up Parties

Name 

Position

Geert R. Kersten, Esq. 

Director, Chief Executive Officer and Treasurer

Patricia B. Prichep 

Chief Financial and Operations Officer and Corporate Secretary

Eyal Talor, Ph.D. 

Chief Scientific Officer

Daniel H. Zimmerman, Ph.D. 

Senior Vice President of Research, Cellular Immunology

John Cipriano 

Senior Vice President of Regulatory Affairs

Giovanni Selvaggi 

Chief Medical Officer

Bruno Baillavoine 

Director

Robert Watson 

Director

Mario Gobbo 

Director

40

EXHIBIT A

Form of Lock-Up Agreement

, 2025

ThinkEquity LLC

17 State Street, 41st Fl

New York, NY 10004

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned understands that ThinkEquity LLC (the Placement Agent) proposes to enter into an Placement Agency Agreement (the Placement Agency Agreement) with CEL-SCI Corporation, a Colorado corporation (the Company), providing for the public offering (the Public Offering) of shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Shares) and/or pre-funded warrants to purchase one Share.

To induce the Placement Agent to continue its efforts in connection with the Public Offering, the undersigned hereby agrees that, without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent, the undersigned will not, during the period commencing on the date hereof and ending forty-five (45) days after the date of the final prospectus (the Prospectus) relating to the Public Offering (the Lock-Up Period), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, grant, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Shares or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Shares, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the undersigned or with respect to which the undersigned has or hereafter acquires the power of disposition (collectively, the Lock-Up Securities); (2) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Lock-Up Securities, whether any such transaction described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Lock-Up Securities, in cash or otherwise; (3) make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to the registration of any Lock-Up Securities; or (4) publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement relating to any Lock-Up Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to the conditions below, the undersigned may transfer Lock-Up Securities without the prior written consent of the Placement Agent in connection with (a) transactions relating to Lock-Up Securities acquired in open market transactions after the completion of the Public Offering; provided that no filing under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), shall be required or shall be voluntarily made in connection with subsequent sales of Lock-Up Securities acquired in such open market transactions; (b) transfers of Lock- Up Securities as a bona fide gift, by will or intestacy or to a family member or trust for the benefit of a family member (for purposes of this lock-up agreement, family member means any relationship by blood, marriage or adoption, not more remote than first cousin); (c) transfers of Lock-Up Securities to a charity or educational institution; or (d) if the undersigned, directly or indirectly, controls a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other business entity, any transfers of Lock-Up Securities to any shareholder, partner or member of, or owner of similar equity interests in, the undersigned, as the case may be; provided that in the case of any transfer pursuant to the foregoing clauses (b), (c) or (d), (i) any such transfer shall not involve a disposition for value, (ii) each transferee shall sign and deliver to the Placement Agent a lock-up agreement substantially in the form of this lock-up agreement and (iii) no filing under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act shall be required or shall be voluntarily made. The undersigned also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Companys transfer agent and registrar against the transfer of the undersigneds Lock-Up Securities except in compliance with this lock-up agreement.

41

If (i) during the last 17 days of the Lock-Up Period, the Company issues an earnings release or material news or a material event relating to the Company occurs, or (ii) prior to the expiration of the Lock- Up Period, the Company announces that it will release earnings results or becomes aware that material news or a material event will occur during the 16-day period beginning on the last day of the Lock-Up Period, the restrictions imposed by this lock-up agreement shall continue to apply until the expiration of the 18-day period beginning on the issuance of the earnings release or the occurrence of such material news or material event, as applicable, unless the Placement Agent waives, in writing, such extension; provided, however, that this extension of the Lock-Up Period shall not apply to the extent that FINRA has amended or repealed FINRA Rule 2241(b)(2)(I), or has otherwise provided written interpretive guidance regarding such rule, in each case, so as to eliminate the prohibition of any broker, dealer, or member of a national securities association from publishing or distributing any research report, with respect to the securities of an Emerging Growth Company prior to or after the expiration of any agreement between the broker, dealer, or member of a national securities association and the Emerging Growth Company or its shareholders that restricts or prohibits the sale of securities held by the Emerging Growth Company or its shareholders after the initial public offering date.

The undersigned agrees that, prior to engaging in any transaction or taking any other action that is subject to the terms of this lock-up agreement during the period from the date hereof to and including the 34th day following the expiration of the initial Lock-Up Period, the undersigned will give notice thereof to the Company and will not consummate any such transaction or take any such action unless it has received written confirmation from the Company that the Lock-Up Period (as may have been extended pursuant to the previous paragraph) has expired.

If the undersigned is an officer or director of the Company, (i) the undersigned agrees that the foregoing restrictions shall be equally applicable to any issuer-directed or friends and family Shares that the undersigned may purchase in the Public Offering; (ii) the Placement Agent agrees that, at least three (3) business days before the effective date of any release or waiver of the foregoing restrictions in connection with a transfer of Lock-Up Securities, the Placement Agent will notify the Company of the impending release or waiver; and (iii) the Company has agreed in the Placement Agency Agreement to announce the impending release or waiver by press release through a major news service at least two (2) business days before the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release or waiver granted by the Placement Agent hereunder to any such officer or director shall only be effective two (2) business days after the publication date of such press release. The provisions of this paragraph will not apply if (a) the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer of Lock-Up Securities not for consideration and (b) the transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this lock-up agreement to the extent and for the duration that such terms remain in effect at the time of such transfer.

No provision in this agreement shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the exercise, exchange or conversion by the undersigned of any securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into Shares, as applicable; provided that the undersigned does not transfer the Shares acquired on such exercise, exchange or conversion during the Lock-Up Period, unless otherwise permitted pursuant to the terms of this lock-up agreement. In addition, no provision herein shall be deemed to restrict or prohibit the entry into or modification of a so-called 10b5-1 plan at any time (other than the entry into or modification of such a plan in such a manner as to cause the sale of any Lock-Up Securities within the Lock-Up Period).

42

The undersigned understands that the Company and the Placement Agent are relying upon this lock- up agreement in proceeding toward consummation of the Public Offering. The undersigned further understands that this lock-up agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the undersigneds heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns.

The undersigned understands that, if the Placement Agency Agreement is not executed by _______, 2025, or if the Placement Agency Agreement (other than the provisions thereof which survive termination) shall terminate or be terminated prior to payment for and delivery of the Shares to be sold thereunder, then this lock-up agreement shall be void and of no further force or effect.

Whether or not the Public Offering actually occurs depends on a number of factors, including market conditions. Any Public Offering will only be made pursuant to an Placement Agency Agreement, the terms of which are subject to negotiation between the Company and the Placement Agent.

Very truly yours, 

(Name - Please Print) 

(Signature) 

(Name of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print) 

(Title of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print) 

Address: 

43

EXHIBIT B

Form of Press Release

CEL-SCI Corporation [Date]

CEL-SCI Corporation (the Company) announced today that ThinkEquity LLC, acting as Placement Agent in the Companys recent public offering of shares of the Companys common stock, is [waiving] [releasing] a lock-up restriction with respect to shares of the Companys common stock held by [certain officers or directors] [an officer or director] of the Company. The [waiver] [release] will take effect on , 20, and the shares may be sold on or after such date.

This press release is not an offer or sale of the securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such offer or sale is prohibited, and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

44

EXHIBIT C

Form of Opinion of Counsel

The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of the State of Colorado with the requisite corporate power and authority to own or lease, as the case may be, and operate its respective properties, and to conduct its business, as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus and to enter into and perform its obligations under the Placement Agency Agreement. The Company is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure to so qualify or to be in good standing would not result in a Material Adverse Change. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Placement Agency Agreement dated as of February 20, 2025 as amended on March 17, 2025, by and between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC. 

All issued and outstanding securities of the Company have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any stockholder of the Company arising by operation of law or under the Companys Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Charter), the Bylaws or, to such counsels knowledge, the Material Contracts (as defined below). The offers and sales of the outstanding securities were at all relevant times either registered under the Securities Act or exempt from such registration requirements. The authorized and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company is as set forth in the Prospectus.

The Shares have been duly authorized for issuance and sale to the Placement Agent pursuant to the Placement Agency Agreement and, when issued and paid for pursuant to the terms of the Placement Agency Agreement, will be validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability solely by reason of being such holders. The issuances of the Shares are not and will not be subject to the preemptive or similar rights of any holders of any security of the Company arising by operation of law or under the Charter, the Bylaws or the Material Contracts.

The Pre-Funded Warrants have been duly and validly authorized by the Company, and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

The shares underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants have been duly authorized for issuance and sale and, when issued and paid for pursuant to the terms of the Pre-Funded Warrants, will be validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof will not be subject to personal liability solely by reason of being such holders. The issuance of the shares underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants will not be subject to the preemptive or similar rights of any holders of any security of the Company arising by operation of law or under the Charter, the Bylaws or the Material Contracts.

The Placement Agency Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.

45

The execution, delivery and performance of the Placement Agency Agreement, and compliance by the Company with the terms and provisions thereof and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, and the issuance and sale of the Shares, do not and will not, whether with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, (a) violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of, any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or modification of any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance upon any of the properties or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of, any mortgage, deed of trust, note, indenture, loan, contract, commitment or other agreement or instrument filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (collectively, the Material Contracts), (b) result in any violation of the provisions of the Charter, the Bylaws or any other governing documents of the Company, or (c) violate any law, statute or any judgment, order or decree, rule or regulation applicable to the Company of any Governmental Entity.

The securities offered pursuant to the Prospectus conform in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus. No United States or state statute or regulation required to be described in the Prospectus is not described as required (except as to the blue sky laws of the various states, as to which such counsel expresses no opinions), nor are any contracts or documents of a character required to be described in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package or the Prospectus or to be filed or incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Registration Statement not so described or filed as required.

The form of certificate used to evidence the shares of Common Stock complies in all material respects with all applicable Colorado law requirements, with any applicable requirements of the Charter and Bylaws and with the requirements of the Exchange.

The statements in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus under the heading Description of Capital Stock, insofar as such statements purport to summarize legal matters, legal conclusions, the Charter, the Bylaws, or other agreements or documents discussed therein, are correct in all material respects.

The statements in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus under the heading Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations, insofar as such statements purport to summarize matters of U.S. federal tax law and regulations or legal conclusions with respect thereto, are correct in all material respects.

The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued under the Securities Act or any order preventing or suspending the use of any any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or the Prospectus has been issued, and no proceedings for any such purpose have been instituted or, to such counsels knowledge, are pending by the Commission or any other Governmental Entity. Any required filing of the Prospectus, and any required supplement thereto, pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act Regulations, has been made in the manner and within the time period required by Rule 424(b) (without reference to Rule 424(b)(8)).

The Company is not required and, after giving effect to the Offering and sale of the Securities, if any, and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus, will not be required, to register as an investment company, under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

46

From the time of the initial confidential submission of the Registration Statement to the Commission (or, if earlier, the first date on which the Company engaged directly in or through any Person authorized to act on its behalf in any Testing-the Waters Communication) through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act.

No filing with, or authorization, approval, consent, license, order, registration, qualification or decree of, any Governmental Entity (other than under the Securities Act and the Securities Act Regulations, which have been obtained, or as may be required under the securities or blue sky laws of the various states, as to which we need express no opinion) is necessary or required for the performance by the Company of its obligations under the Placement Agency Agreement, in connection with the offering, issuance or sale of the Securities, if any, thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, except such as have been already made or obtained or as may be required under the rules of the Exchange, state securities laws or the rules of FINRA.

The Shares and shares underlying the Pre-Funded Warrants have been approved for listing on the Exchange upon official notice of issuance.

To such counsels knowledge, there are no persons with registration rights or other similar rights to have any securities registered pursuant to the Registrant Statement or otherwise registered for sale by the Company under the Securities Act, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus.

To such counsels knowledge, there are not (1) any pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or of which the Companys property is the subject, or (2) any proceedings contemplated by any Governmental Authority, in each case, which are required to be disclosed in the Registration Statement, Disclosure Package, and the Prospectus and are not so disclosed.

To such counsels knowledge, neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause the Offering to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act, which would require the registration of the sales of any such securities under the Securities Act.

Each of (1) the Registration Statement, as of the time it became effective, (2) the Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, and (3) the Prospectus, as of its date (in each case other than the financial statements and supporting schedules included therein, as to which no opinion need be rendered), complied as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and Securities Act Regulations.

The opinion shall further include the following:

Nothing has come to such counsels attention that caused such counsel to believe that (1) the Registration Statement, as of the time it became effective, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; (2) the Disclosure Package, as of the Applicable Time, contained an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; or (3) the Prospectus, as of its date and as of the Closing Date, contained or contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (except that, in each case, such counsel need express no view, and make no statement, with respect to the financial statements and schedules and notes thereto and other financial data derived therefrom that are contained in or omitted from the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package or the Prospectus).

47

EXHIBIT D

PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

CEL-SCI CORPORATION 

Warrant Shares: _______ 

Issue Date: December___, 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Issue Date and until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from CEL-SCI Corporation, a Colorado corporation (the Company), up to ______ shares of Common Stock (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Liens means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Registration Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265995), as supplemented pursuant to Section 424 promulgated under the Securities Act.

48

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Trading Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the OTCQB, OTCQX or Pink Open Market operated by OTC Markets Group, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent means Computershare, Inc. and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Warrants means this Warrant and other Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Issue Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver to the Company the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased in connection with such partial exercise. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Issue Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.0001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

49

c) Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares for the deemed surrender of the Warrant in whole or in part equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = 

as applicable: (i) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (x) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (y) the Bid Price of the Common Stock as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day), or (iii) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = 

the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and 

(X) = 

the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

The issue price for each such Warrant Share to be issued pursuant to the cashless exercise of a Warrant will be equal to (B), as defined above, and the total issue price for the aggregate number of Warrant Shares issued pursuant to the cashless exercise of a Warrant will be deemed paid and satisfied in full by the deemed surrender to the Company of the portion of such Warrant being exercised in accordance with this Section 1(c). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to make any cash payments or net cash settlement to the Holder in lieu of delivery of the Warrant Shares. If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

50

Bid Price means, for any security as of the particular time of determination, the bid price for such security on the Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, or, if the Trading Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, or if the foregoing does not apply, the bid price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, or, if no bid price is reported for such security by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, the average of the bid prices of any market makers for such security as reported on the Pink Open Market as of such time of determination. If the Bid Price cannot be calculated for a security as of the particular time of determination on any of the foregoing bases, the Bid Price of such security as of such time of determination shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such fair market value shall be determined pursuant to the provisions set forth in clause (d) of the definition of VWAP. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, share split, share consolidation, reclassification or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.

Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing trade price for such security on the Trading Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Trading Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Trading Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last trade price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no last trade price is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the ask prices of any market makers for such security as reported on the in the OTC Link or on the Pink Open Market. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such fair market value shall be determined pursuant to the provisions set forth in clause (d) of the definition of VWAP. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, share split, share consolidation, reclassification or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted for trading on a Trading Market other than the OTCQB, OTCQX or Pink Open Market operated by OTC Markets Group, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Stock is then quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX operated by OTC Markets Group, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, or (c) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

51

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (the DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the Holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered to said Holder or the Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a Transfer Agent that is a participant in the Fast Automated Securities Transfer or FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Issue Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Placement Agency Agreement, dated March 17, 2025between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Issue Date.

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

52

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue by (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

53

vii. Closing of Books. The Company shall not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, non-exercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or non-converted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

54

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split or consolidation) outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock any shares of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

55

c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or amalgamation or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of shares of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which shares of Common Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation or is otherwise the continuing corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of shares of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares or other securities of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of or other securities (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares or securities, such number of shares or securities and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction). Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

56

e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of the Company or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger, amalgamation or arrangement to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its subsidiaries (the Subsidiaries), the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

57

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. This Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

58

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event, including if the Company is for any reason unable to issue and deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms thereof, shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which shall in no event include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company shall make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company shall take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed or quoted for trading. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

59

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company shall (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of this Warrant shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the New York Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any provision hereunder), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. If any party shall commence an action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, then the prevailing party in such action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or Proceeding.

f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

60

g) Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate Proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at 8229 Boone Blvd. #802, Vienna, VA 22182, Attention: Geert Kersten, CEO, grkersten@cel-sci.com or Patricia Prichep, Senior Vice President of Operations, pprichep@cel-sci.com or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, email or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, email address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and the Holder on the other hand.

61

m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) No Expense Reimbursement. The Holder shall in no way be required the pay, or to reimburse the Company for, any fees or expenses of the Companys transfer agent in connection with the issuance or holding or sale of the Common Stock, Warrant and/or Warrant Shares. The Company shall solely be responsible for any and all such fees and expenses.

o) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

62

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

CEL-SCI CORPORATION 

By: 

Name: 

Geert R. Kersten 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

63

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: 

CEL-SCI corporation 

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

64

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name:

(Please Print) 

Address: 

(Please Print) 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _____________________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

65
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cvm_ex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM
<TEXT>
cvm_ex41.htm

EXHIBIT 4.1

PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT

CEL-SCI CORPORATION 

Warrant Shares: 11,987,500 

Issue Date: March 18, 2025

THIS PRE-FUNDED COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant) certifies that, for value received, 3i, LP or its assigns (the Holder) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Issue Date and until this Warrant is exercised in full (the Termination Date) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from CEL-SCI Corporation, a Colorado corporation (the Company), up to 11,987,500 shares of Common Stock (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1. Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Warrant, the following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 1:

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Liens means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Registration Statement means the Companys registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265995), as supplemented pursuant to Section 424 promulgated under the Securities Act.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1

Trading Day means a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the OTCQB, OTCQX or Pink Open Market operated by OTC Markets Group, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent means Computershare, Inc. and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Warrants means this Warrant and other Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Section 2. Exercise.

a) Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Issue Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice of Exercise). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver to the Company the aggregate Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a United States bank unless the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased in connection with such partial exercise. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Trading Day of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price. The aggregate exercise price of this Warrant, except for a nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share, was pre-funded to the Company on or prior to the Issue Date and, consequently, no additional consideration (other than the nominal exercise price of $0.0001 per Warrant Share) shall be required to be paid by the Holder to any Person to effect any exercise of this Warrant. The Holder shall not be entitled to the return or refund of all, or any portion, of such pre-paid aggregate exercise price under any circumstance or for any reason whatsoever, including in the event this Warrant shall not have been exercised prior to the Termination Date. The remaining unpaid exercise price per share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be $0.0001, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise Price).

2

c) Cashless Exercise. This Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares for the deemed surrender of the Warrant in whole or in part equal to the quotient obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:

(A) = 

as applicable: (i) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder, either (x) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (y) the Bid Price of the Common Stock as of the time of the Holders execution of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered within two (2) hours thereafter pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day), or (iii) the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular trading hours on such Trading Day;

(B) = 

the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and

(X) = 

the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise.

The issue price for each such Warrant Share to be issued pursuant to the cashless exercise of a Warrant will be equal to (B), as defined above, and the total issue price for the aggregate number of Warrant Shares issued pursuant to the cashless exercise of a Warrant will be deemed paid and satisfied in full by the deemed surrender to the Company of the portion of such Warrant being exercised in accordance with this Section 1(c). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to make any cash payments or net cash settlement to the Holder in lieu of delivery of the Warrant Shares. If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the registered characteristics of the Warrants being exercised. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this Section 2(c).

3

Bid Price means, for any security as of the particular time of determination, the bid price for such security on the Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, or, if the Trading Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the bid price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, or if the foregoing does not apply, the bid price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, or, if no bid price is reported for such security by Bloomberg as of such time of determination, the average of the bid prices of any market makers for such security as reported on the Pink Open Market as of such time of determination. If the Bid Price cannot be calculated for a security as of the particular time of determination on any of the foregoing bases, the Bid Price of such security as of such time of determination shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such fair market value shall be determined pursuant to the provisions set forth in clause (d) of the definition of VWAP. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, share split, share consolidation, reclassification or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.

Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing trade price for such security on the Trading Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Trading Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Trading Market is not the principal securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last trade price of such security on the principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no last trade price is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the ask prices of any market makers for such security as reported on the in the OTC Link or on the Pink Open Market. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such fair market value shall be determined pursuant to the provisions set forth in clause (d) of the definition of VWAP. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, share split, share consolidation, reclassification or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted for trading on a Trading Market other than the OTCQB, OTCQX or Pink Open Market operated by OTC Markets Group, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Stock is then quoted for trading on the OTCQB or OTCQX operated by OTC Markets Group, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, or (c) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.

4

d) Mechanics of Exercise.

i. Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders or its designees balance account with The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (the DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) this Warrant is being exercised via cashless exercise, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Companys share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the Holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day after the Warrant Share Delivery Date) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered to said Holder or the Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a Transfer Agent that is a participant in the Fast Automated Securities Transfer or FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Companys primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Exercise delivered on or prior to 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Issue Date, which may be delivered at any time after the time of execution of the Placement Agency Agreement, dated March 17, 2025between the Company and ThinkEquity LLC, the Company agrees to deliver the Warrant Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Issue Date.

ii. Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant.

iii. Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

5

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue by (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi. Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares.

6

vii. Closing of Books. The Company shall not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.

e) Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, non-exercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or non-converted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holders determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Warrants, 9.99%) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.

7

Section 3. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse stock split or consolidation) outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of Common Stock any shares of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

8

c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or amalgamation or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of shares of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which shares of Common Stock are effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or more of the outstanding Common Stock or 50% or more of the voting power of the common equity of the Company (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation or is otherwise the continuing corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of shares of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares or other securities of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of or other securities (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares or securities, such number of shares or securities and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction). Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

9

e) Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding.

f) Notice to Holder.

i. Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the shares of Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of the Company or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger, amalgamation or arrangement to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its subsidiaries (the Subsidiaries), the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

10

Section 4. Transfer of Warrant.

a) Transferability. This Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. This Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.

b) New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date of this Warrant and shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c) Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the Warrant Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

11

Section 5. Miscellaneous.

a) No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event, including if the Company is for any reason unable to issue and deliver Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms thereof, shall the Company be required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant.

b) Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which shall in no event include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company shall make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate.

c) Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Trading Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Trading Day.

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company shall take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed or quoted for trading. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

12

Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, amalgamation, arrangement dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company shall (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant.

Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of this Warrant shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the New York Courts). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any provision hereunder), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. If any party shall commence an action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Warrant, then the prevailing party in such action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or Proceeding.

f) Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.

g) Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision of this Warrant, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate Proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

13

h) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Exercise, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile or by e-mail, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company, at 8229 Boone Blvd. #802, Vienna, VA 22182, Attention: Geert Kersten, CEO, grkersten@cel-sci.com or Patricia Prichep, Senior Vice President of Operations, pprichep@cel-sci.com or such other email address or address as the Company may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Company hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, email or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, email address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or e-mail at the e-mail address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given.

i) Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j) Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k) Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.

l) Amendment. This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company, on the one hand, and the Holder on the other hand.

14

m) Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Warrant.

n) No Expense Reimbursement. The Holder shall in no way be required the pay, or to reimburse the Company for, any fees or expenses of the Companys transfer agent in connection with the issuance or holding or sale of the Common Stock, Warrant and/or Warrant Shares. The Company shall solely be responsible for any and all such fees and expenses.

o) Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Warrant.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.

CEL-SCI CORPORATION 

By: 

Name: 

Geert R. Kersten 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

16

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To: 

CEL-SCI corporation 

(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2) Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):

in lawful money of the United States; or

the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3) Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:

[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]

Name of Investing Entity: 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized Signatory: 

Date: 

17

ASSIGNMENT FORM

(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to

Name:

(Please Print) 

Address: 

(Please Print) 

Phone Number: 

Email Address: 

Dated: _____________________ __, ______ 

Holders Signature: 

Holders Address: 

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cvm_ex51.htm
<DESCRIPTION>OPTION
<TEXT>
cvm_ex51.htm

EXHIBIT 5.1

HART & HART, LLC

ATTORNEYS AT LAW

1624 Washington Street

Denver, CO 80203

harttrinen@aol.com

(303) 839-0061 

Fax: (303) 839-5414

March 18, 2025

CEL-SCI Corporation

8229 Boone Blvd. #802

Vienna, VA 22182

This letter will constitute our opinion regarding the legality of the issuance by CEL-SCI Corporation, a Colorado corporation (CEL-SCI) of 4,012,500 shares of its common stock (the Shares), pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants) to purchase up to 11,987,500 shares of common stock and 11,987,500 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants (the Warrant Shares and, collectively with the Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants, the Securities) all as referred to in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265995) (the Registration Statement) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on July 15, 2022, the prospectus included therein (the Prospectus) and the prospectus supplement, dated March 17, 2025 (the Prospectus Supplement). The Prospectus Supplement pertains to a best efforts offering pursuant to a Placement Agency Agreement dated March 17, 2025 between the Company and ThinkEquity, LLC (Placement Agency Agreement).

We have examined the Articles of Incorporation, the Bylaws and the minutes of the Board of Directors of CEL-SCI, the applicable laws of the State of Colorado, and a copy of the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement. In our opinion:

The Shares have been duly authorized for issuance and, when issued and sold by the Company and delivered by the Company in accordance with and in the manner described in the Prospectus Supplement and the Placement Agency Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

The Pre-Funded Warrants have been duly authorized for issuance and, when issued and sold by the Company and delivered by the Company in accordance with and in the manner described in the Prospectus Supplement and the Placement Agency Agreement, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and equitable principles of general applicability.

The Warrant Shares have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and, when issued upon the due exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, in accordance with the terms thereof, will be validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable.

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion letter as an exhibit to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K and to the reference to this firm in the Prospectus under the caption Legal Matters. In giving our consent, we do not hereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Very Truly Yours, 

HART & HART, LLC 

By /s/ William T. Hart 

William T. Hart
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cvm_ex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
cvm_ex991.htm

EXHIBIT 99.1

8229 Boone Boulevard, Suite 802

Vienna, VA 22182. USA

Telephone (703) 506-9460

www.cel-sci.com 

COMPANY CONTACT:

Gavin de Windt

CEL-SCI Corporation

(703) 506-9460

CEL-SCI ANNOUNCES PRICING OF $2.5 MILLION OFFERING 

Vienna, Virginia March 17, 2025 CEL-SCI Corporation (CEL-SCI or the Company) (NYSE American: CVM), a Phase 3 cancer immunotherapy company, today announced the pricing of a best-efforts offering of 16,000,000 shares of its common stock (or pre-funded warrants (Pre-Funded Warrants) in lieu thereof). Total gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting the placement agents fees and other offering expenses, are expected to be approximately $2,560,000. The offering is expected to close on March 18, 2025, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to fund the continued development of Multikine, general corporate purposes, and working capital.

ThinkEquity is acting as sole placement agent for the offering.

The securities will be offered and sold pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265995), including a base prospectus, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on July 1, 2022, and declared effective on July 15, 2022. The offering will be made only by means of a written prospectus. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the offering will be filed with the SEC on its website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may also be obtained, when available, from the offices of ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st Floor, New York, New York 10004. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About CEL-SCI Corporation

CEL-SCI believes that boosting a patients immune system before surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy have damaged it should provide the greatest possible impact on survival. Multikine is designed to help the immune system "target" the tumor at a time when the immune system is still relatively intact and thereby thought to be better able to mount an attack on the tumor.

Multikine (Leukocyte Interleukin, Injection), given right after diagnosis and before surgery, has been dosed in over 740 patients and received Orphan Drug designation from the FDA for neoadjuvant therapy in patients with squamous cell carcinoma (cancer) of the head and neck. Based on the data from the completed randomized controlled Phase 3 study, the FDA concurred with CEL-SCIs target patient selection criteria and gave the go-ahead to conduct a confirmatory Registration Study. The study will enroll 212 newly diagnosed locally advanced primary treatment nave resectable head and neck cancer patients with no lymph node involvement (determined via PET scan) and with low PD-L1 tumor expression (determined via biopsy), representing about 100,000 patients annually.

The Company has operations in Vienna, Virginia, and near/in Baltimore, Maryland.

--more--

CEL-SCI Corporation

March 17, 2025

Page 2

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. When used in this press release, the words "intends," "believes," "anticipated," "plans" and "expects," and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the expected proceeds, use of proceeds and closing of the offering. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include an inability to duplicate the clinical results demonstrated in clinical studies, timely development of any potential products that can be shown to be safe and effective, receiving necessary regulatory approvals, difficulties in manufacturing any of the Company's potential products, inability to raise the necessary capital and the risk factors set forth from time to time in CEL-SCI's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to its report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release the result of any revision to these forward-looking statements which may be made to reflect the events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

* Multikine (Leukocyte Interleukin, Injection) is the trademark that CEL-SCI has registered for this investigational therapy. This proprietary name is subject to FDA review in connection with the Company's future anticipated regulatory submission for approval. Multikine has not been licensed or approved for sale, barter or exchange by the FDA or any other regulatory agency. Similarly, its safety or efficacy has not been established for any use.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cvm_ex992.htm
<DESCRIPTION>PRESS RELEASE
<TEXT>
cvm_ex992.htm

EXHIBIT 99.2

8229 Boone Boulevard, Suite 802

Vienna, VA 22182. USA

Telephone (703) 506-9460

www.cel-sci.com 

COMPANY CONTACT:

Gavin de Windt

CEL-SCI Corporation

(703) 506-9460

CEL-SCI ANNOUNCES CLOSING OF $2.5 MILLION OFFERING 

Vienna, Virginia March 18, 2025 CEL-SCI Corporation (CEL-SCI or the Company) (NYSE American: CVM), a Phase 3 cancer immunotherapy company, today announced the closing of its previously announced best-efforts offering of 16,000,000 shares of its common stock (or pre-funded warrants (Pre-Funded Warrants) in lieu thereof). Total gross proceeds from the offering, before deducting the placement agents fees and other offering expenses, is approximately $2,560,000. All the shares and Pre-Funded Warrants in the offering were offered by the Company

The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to fund the continued development of Multikine, general corporate purposes, and working capital.

ThinkEquity acted as sole placement agent for the offering.

The securities were offered and sold pursuant to the Companys currently effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-265995), including a base prospectus, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on July 1, 2022, and declared effective on July 15, 2022. The offering was made by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus describing the terms of the offering which have been filed with the SEC and available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the offering may also be obtained from the offices of ThinkEquity, 17 State Street, 41st Floor, New York, New York 10004. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About CEL-SCI Corporation

CEL-SCI believes that boosting a patients immune system before surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy have damaged it should provide the greatest possible impact on survival. Multikine is designed to help the immune system "target" the tumor at a time when the immune system is still relatively intact and thereby thought to be better able to mount an attack on the tumor.

Multikine (Leukocyte Interleukin, Injection), given right after diagnosis and before surgery, has been dosed in over 740 patients and received Orphan Drug designation from the FDA for neoadjuvant therapy in patients with squamous cell carcinoma (cancer) of the head and neck. Based on the data from the completed randomized controlled Phase 3 study, the FDA concurred with CEL-SCIs target patient selection criteria and gave the go-ahead to conduct a confirmatory Registration Study. The study will enroll 212 newly diagnosed locally advanced primary treatment nave resectable head and neck cancer patients with no lymph node involvement (determined via PET scan) and with low PD-L1 tumor expression (determined via biopsy), representing about 100,000 patients annually.

The Company has operations in Vienna, Virginia, and near/in Baltimore, Maryland.

--more--

CEL-SCI Corporation

March 18, 2025

Page 2

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. When used in this press release, the words "intends," "believes," "anticipated," "plans" and "expects," and similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the use of proceeds. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include an inability to duplicate the clinical results demonstrated in clinical studies, timely development of any potential products that can be shown to be safe and effective, receiving necessary regulatory approvals, difficulties in manufacturing any of the Company's potential products, inability to raise the necessary capital and the risk factors set forth from time to time in CEL-SCI's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to its report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2024. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release the result of any revision to these forward-looking statements which may be made to reflect the events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

* Multikine (Leukocyte Interleukin, Injection) is the trademark that CEL-SCI has registered for this investigational therapy. This proprietary name is subject to FDA review in connection with the Company's future anticipated regulatory submission for approval. Multikine has not been licensed or approved for sale, barter or exchange by the FDA or any other regulatory agency. Similarly, its safety or efficacy has not been established for any use.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cvm-20250317.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cvm-20250317_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document Period End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address Address Line 2 

Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>cvm-20250317_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>cvm-20250317_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>cvm-20250317_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>cvm_ex991img3.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>cvm_ex991img2.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name CEL-SCI CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0000725363

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Document Period End Date Mar. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 001-11889

Entity Incorporation State Country Code CO

Entity Tax Identification Number 84-0916344

Entity Address Address Line 1 8229 Boone Blvd

Entity Address Address Line 2 #802

Entity Address City Or Town Vienna

Entity Address State Or Province VA

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 22182

City Area Code 703

Local Phone Number 506-9460

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol CVM

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cvm.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cvm-20250317.xsd 
cvm-20250317_cal.xml 
cvm-20250317_def.xml 
cvm-20250317_lab.xml 
cvm-20250317_pre.xml 
cvm_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001654954-25-002970-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>cvm_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000725363 

2025-03-17 
2025-03-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

0000725363 
false 
8-K 
2025-03-17 
CEL-SCI CORPORATION 
CO 
001-11889 
84-0916344 
8229 Boone Blvd 
#802 
Vienna 
VA 
22182 
703 
506-9460 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
CVM 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>