<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-028746.txt : 20250218
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-028746.hdr.sgml : 20250218
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250218172505
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-028746
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250213
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250218

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001287865
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32559
		FILM NUMBER:		25636205

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 URBAN CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 501
		CITY:			BIRMINGHAM
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			35242
		BUSINESS PHONE:		205-969-3755

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 URBAN CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 501
		CITY:			BIRMINGHAM
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			35242

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MPT Operating Partnership, L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001524607
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-177186
		FILM NUMBER:		25636206

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST, INC.
		STREET 2:		1000 URBAN CENTER DRIVE, SUITE 501
		CITY:			BIRMINGHAM
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			35242
		BUSINESS PHONE:		205-969-3755

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST, INC.
		STREET 2:		1000 URBAN CENTER DRIVE, SUITE 501
		CITY:			BIRMINGHAM
		STATE:			AL
		ZIP:			35242
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d849133d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST INCfalsefalse00012878650001524607ALAL00012878652025-02-132025-02-130001287865mpw:MptOperatingPartnershipLpMember2025-02-132025-02-13

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

8-K

CURRENT REPORT 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 13, 2025

MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST, INC.

MPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 

Commission File Number 

001-32559

Commission File Number 

333-177186

Maryland

Delaware 

20-0191742

20-0242069

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

1000 Urban Center Drive, Suite 501

Birmingham, 

AL 

35242

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code 

(205) 

969-3755

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 

8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions: 

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 

14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 

13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 

240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Medical Properties Trust, Inc. MPW The New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 

12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

(240.12b-2 of this chapter). 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Senior Secured Notes Offering 

On February 13, 2025, MPT Operating Partnership, L.P. (the Operating Partnership), a Delaware limited partnership and the operating partnership of Medical Properties Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Company), and MPT Finance Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership (together with the Operating Partnership, the Issuers) closed the previously announced offering (the Offering) of $1,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 8.500% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 (the Dollar Notes) and 1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 7.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 (the Euro Notes and, together with the Dollar Notes, the Notes). The Issuers sold the Notes to the initial purchasers in the Offering, which was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Notes were offered for resale to purchasers reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act and to 

non-U.S. persons outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. 

The Notes were issued pursuant to the Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2025 (the Indenture), among the Company, the Issuers, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), dollar paying agent, dollar registrar, dollar transfer agent and notes collateral agent, and U.S. Bank Europe DAC, as euro paying agent, euro registrar and euro transfer agent. Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, commencing on August 15, 2025. The Notes mature on February 15, 2032. The Issuers may redeem some or all of the Notes at any time prior to February 15, 2028 at a make-whole redemption price. On or after February 15, 2028, the Issuers may redeem some or all of the Notes at a premium that will decrease over time. In addition, at any time and from time to time prior to February 15, 2028, the Issuers may redeem up to 40% of the Dollar Notes at a redemption price equal to 108.500% of the aggregate principal amount thereof and up to 40% of the Euro Notes at a redemption price equal to 107.000% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, in each case, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding the redemption date, using the proceeds from one or more equity offerings. 

The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by the Company and its collateral-owning subsidiaries, in addition to its other subsidiaries that are guarantors under the Credit Agreement (as defined below) (collectively, the Guarantors) and will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by any restricted subsidiaries that in the future borrow under or guarantee borrowings under the Credit Agreement, in each case, subject to customary guarantee fall-away provisions. The Notes and the guarantees thereof are secured, subject to certain permitted liens, by first-priority liens on equity of the Companys subsidiaries that, as of the date hereof, directly own or ground lease a diversified pool of 169 properties with 20 different operators in the United States, the United Kingdom and Germany (the Collateral), which Collateral also secures the obligations under the Credit Agreement. 

In the event of a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined in the Indenture), each holder of the Notes may require the Issuers to repurchase some or all of its Notes at a repurchase price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of such Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to, but excluding, the date of purchase. 

The Indenture restricts the Issuers ability and the ability of their restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) incur debt; (ii) pay dividends and make distributions; (iii) create liens; (iv) enter into transactions with affiliates; and (v) merge, consolidate or transfer all or substantially all of their assets. These limitations are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications set forth in the Indenture. The Indenture also requires the Issuers and their restricted subsidiaries to maintain total unencumbered assets of at least 150% of their collective unsecured debt. All of these covenants are subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions under the Indenture. 

The Indenture also provides for customary events of default, including, but not limited to, the failure to make payments of interest or premium, if any, on, or principal of, the Notes, as applicable, the failure to comply with certain covenants and agreements specified in the Indenture for a period of time after notice has been provided, the acceleration of other indebtedness resulting from the failure to pay principal on such other indebtedness prior to its maturity, the failure of the liens created by the security documents to constitute valid and perfected liens on any material portion of the Collateral securing the Notes for a specified period of time after notice and certain events of insolvency. If an Event 

of Default (as defined in the Indenture) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes may declare the Notes immediately due and payable, except that an Event of Default resulting from certain events of insolvency with respect to an Issuer will automatically cause the Notes to become immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any holders of Notes. 

The foregoing summaries of the Indenture and the Notes do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Indenture and the Notes, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 to this Form 

8-K, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Amendment to Credit Facility 

On February 13, 2025, the Company, the Operating Partnership and certain subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership as guarantors, entered into the Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement (the Amendment) which amends the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2022, by and among the Company, the Operating Partnership, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (as amended prior to the Amendment, the Credit Agreement). 

The Amendment (i) removes the Covenant Relief Period and any restrictions related thereto from the existing Credit Agreement, (ii) removes financial covenants regarding minimum consolidated tangible net worth, maximum unsecured indebtedness to unencumbered asset value and minimum unsecured net operating income to unsecured interest expense from the Credit Agreement, (iii) modifies the calculation of total asset value used in the financial covenant regarding maximum total indebtedness to total asset value to conform to corresponding definitions in the Notes, and set the covenant level at 60%, (iv) deems notice given with respect to both of the Issuers maturity extension options (without changing the other conditions thereof) such that the maturity of the Revolving Credit Facility was extended to June 30, 2027, subject to the satisfaction of the other conditions to the extension options (other than notice) set forth in the existing Credit Agreement, (v) reset the interest rate to SOFR plus 2.25%, (vi) provides for the loans thereunder to be secured and guaranteed ratably with the Notes, (vii) set the maximum secured leverage ratio at 40%, and (viii) adds mandatory prepayments of senior debt or addition of additional collateral in connection with any failure to (x) maintain a 65% maximum ratio of secured first lien debt to the undepreciated real estate value of the secured pool properties or (y) maintain a minimum senior secured debt service coverage ratio of 1.15:1.00 with a step up to 1.30:1.00 (the Collateral Coverage Tests). 

After giving effect to the Amendment, the Credit Agreement is secured on the Collateral (defined above) on a pari passu basis with the Notes and is guaranteed by each of the Guarantors (as defined above). The Credit Agreement includes provisions for the addition, substitution and removal of Collateral subject to maintenance of the Collateral Coverage Tests. 

The foregoing summary of the Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amendment, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Form 

8-K, and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report relating to the Indenture is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d)

Exhibits. 

Exhibit Number 

Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2025, among Medical Properties Trust, Inc., MPT Operating Partnership, L.P., MPT Finance Corporation, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, dollar paying agent, dollar registrar, dollar transfer agent and notes collateral agent, and U.S. Bank Europe DAC, as euro paying agent, euro registrar and euro transfer agent 

4.2 Form of Global Note for 8.500% Senior Secured Notes Due 2032 (included in Exhibit 4.1 above) 

4.3 Form of Global Note for 7.000% Senior Secured Notes Due 2032 (included in Exhibit 4.1 above) 

10.1 Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of February 13, 2025, by and among Medical Properties Trust, Inc., MPT Operating Partnership, L.P., the Guarantors party hereto, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST, INC.

By: 

/s/ R. Steven Hamner

Name: R. Steven Hamner

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

MPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.

By: 

/s/ R. Steven Hamner

Name: R. Steven Hamner

Title: 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial

Officer of the sole member of the general

partner of MPT Operating Partnership, L.P.

Date: February 18, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d849133dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

INDENTURE 

Dated as of
February 13, 2025 

Among 

MPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P. 

and 

MPT FINANCE CORPORATION, as
the Issuers, 

and 

MEDICAL
PROPERTIES TRUST, INC., 

as Parent and a Guarantor, 

and 

SUBSIDIARIES PARTY HERETO,

as Subsidiary Guarantors, 

and 

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, 

as Trustee, Dollar Paying Agent, Dollar Registrar, Dollar Transfer Agent and Notes Collateral Agent, 

and 

U.S. BANK EUROPE DAC, 

as Euro Paying Agent, Euro Registrar and Euro Transfer Agent 

$1,500,000,000 8.500% SENIOR SECURED NOTES DUE 2032 

1,000,000,000 7.000% SENIOR SECURED NOTES DUE 2032 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01. 

Definitions 1 

Section 1.02. 

Other Definitions 41 

Section 1.03. 

Rules of Construction 43 

Section 1.04. 

Acts of Holders 44 

Section 1.05. 

Timing of Payment 45 

Section 1.06. 

[Reserved] 45 

Section 1.07. 

Certain Compliance Calculations 45 

Section 1.08. 

Luxembourg Terms 46 

Section 1.09. 

Jersey Terms 47 

ARTICLE 2 

THE NOTES 

Section 2.01. 

Form and Dating; Terms 47 

Section 2.02. 

Execution and Authentication 49 

Section 2.03. 

Registrars, Transfer Agents and Paying Agents 50 

Section 2.04. 

Paying Agent to Hold Money 51 

Section 2.05. 

Holder Lists 51 

Section 2.06. 

Transfer and Exchange 51 

Section 2.07. 

Replacement Notes 67 

Section 2.08. 

Outstanding Notes 67 

Section 2.09. 

Treasury Notes 67 

Section 2.10. 

Temporary Notes 68 

Section 2.11. 

Cancellation 68 

Section 2.12. 

Defaulted Interest 68 

Section 2.13. 

CUSIP, ISIN or Common Code Numbers 69 

Section 2.14. 

Unavailability of Euro 69 

Section 2.15. 

Currency Indemnity 69 

ARTICLE 3 

REDEMPTION 

Section 3.01. 

Notices to Trustee 70 

Section 3.02. 

Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed 70 

Section 3.03. 

Notice of Redemption 70 

Section 3.04. 

Effect of Notice of Redemption or Purchase 72 

Section 3.05. 

Deposit of Redemption Price 72 

Section 3.06. 

Notes Redeemed in Part 72 

Section 3.07. 

Optional Redemption 72 

Section 3.08. 

Offers to Repurchase by Application of Excess Proceeds 74 

Section 3.09. 

Mandatory Redemption 76 

Section 3.10. 

Redemption for Taxation Reasons 76 

Section 3.11. 

Payment of Additional Amounts on the Notes 77 

-i- 

ARTICLE 4 

COVENANTS 

Section 4.01. 

Payment of Notes 80 

Section 4.02. 

Maintenance of Office or Agency 80 

Section 4.03. 

Reports to Holders 81 

Section 4.04. 

Compliance Certificate 83 

Section 4.05. 

[Reserved] 84 

Section 4.06. 

Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 84 

Section 4.07. 

Limitation on Restricted Payments 84 

Section 4.08. 

Limitation on Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted 

Subsidiaries 89 

Section 4.09. 

Limitation on Indebtedness 91 

Section 4.10. 

Limitation on Asset Sales 95 

Section 4.11. 

Limitation on Transactions with Affiliates 99 

Section 4.12. 

Liens 100 

Section 4.13. 

Company Existence 100 

Section 4.14. 

Repurchase of Notes upon a Change of Control and Rating Decline 101 

Section 4.15. 

Future Guarantees by Certain Restricted Subsidiaries 102 

Section 4.16. 

[Reserved] 103 

Section 4.17. 

Suspension of Covenants 103 

Section 4.18. 

[Reserved] 104 

Section 4.19. 

Limitation on Activities of Finco 104 

Section 4.20. 

Limitation on Activities of the Notes Pledged Subsidiaries 104 

Section 4.21. 

Maintenance of Total Unencumbered Assets 104 

Section 4.22. 

Listing 104 

ARTICLE 5 

SUCCESSORS 

Section 5.01. 

Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets 105 

ARTICLE 6 

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 

Section 6.01. 

Events of Default 107 

Section 6.02. 

Acceleration 109 

Section 6.03. 

Other Remedies 111 

Section 6.04. 

Waiver of Past Defaults 111 

Section 6.05. 

Control by Majority 112 

Section 6.06. 

Limitation on Suits 112 

Section 6.07. 

Right of Holders to Receive Payment 112 

Section 6.08. 

Collection Suit by Trustee 113 

Section 6.09. 

Restoration of Rights and Remedies 113 

Section 6.10. 

Rights and Remedies Cumulative 113 

Section 6.11. 

Delay or Omission Not Waiver 113 

Section 6.12. 

Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 113 

Section 6.13. 

Priorities 114 

Section 6.14. 

Undertaking for Costs 114 

-ii- 

ARTICLE 7 

TRUSTEE AND AGENTS 

Section 7.01. Duties of Trustee 114 

Section 7.02. Rights of Trustee 115 

Section 7.03. Individual Rights of Trustee 118 

Section 7.04. Trustees Disclaimer 118 

Section 7.05. Notice of Defaults 119 

Section 7.06. Compensation and Indemnity 119 

Section 7.07. Replacement of Trustee 120 

Section 7.08. Successor Trustee by Merger, etc 121 

Section 7.09. Eligibility; Disqualification 121 

Section 7.10. Security Documents; First Lien Intercreditor Agreement 121 

Section 7.11. Limitation on Duty of Trustee in Respect of Collateral 121 

Section 7.12. Resignation of Agents 122 

Section 7.13. Agents Rights 123 

ARTICLE 8 

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE, LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE 

Section 8.01. Termination of Issuers Obligations 124 

Section 8.02. Legal Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance 125 

Section 8.03. Conditions to Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance 126 

Section 8.04. Application of Trust Money 127 

Section 8.05. Repayment to the Issuers 128 

Section 8.06. Reinstatement 128 

ARTICLE 9 

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 

Section 9.01. Without Consent of Holders 128 

Section 9.02. With Consent of Holders 130 

Section 9.03. Revocation and Effect of Consents 131 

Section 9.04. Notation on or Exchange of Notes 132 

Section 9.05. Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent to Sign Amendments, etc. 132 

Section 9.06. No Impairment of Right of Holders to Receive Payment 133 

ARTICLE 10 

NOTE GUARANTEES 

Section 10.01. Guarantee 133 

Section 10.02. Limitation on Guarantor Liability 134 

Section 10.03. Execution and Delivery 134 

Section 10.04. Release of a Guarantor 134 

Section 10.05. Benefits Acknowledged 135 

Section 10.06. Luxembourg Guarantors 135 

-iii- 

ARTICLE 11 

RESERVED 

ARTICLE 12 

COLLATERAL 

Section 12.01. The Collateral 136 

Section 12.02. Release of Liens 137 

Section 12.03. No Impairment of Security Interest 138 

Section 12.04. Further Assurances 138 

Section 12.05. Authorization of Actions to Be Taken by the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent under the Security Documents 138 

Section 12.06. Appointment and Authorization of Wilmington Trust, National Association as Notes Collateral Agent 139 

Section 12.07. Appointment of Notes Collateral Agent as Security Trustee 140 

Section 12.08. Collateral Accounts 143 

Section 12.09. Resignation of Notes Collateral Agent 143 

ARTICLE 13 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 13.01. Notices 144 

Section 13.02. [Reserved] 146 

Section 13.03. Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent 146 

Section 13.04. Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion 146 

Section 13.05. Rules by Trustee and Agents 147 

Section 13.06. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders 147 

Section 13.07. Governing Law 147 

Section 13.08. Agent for Service of Process 147 

Section 13.09. Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial 147 

Section 13.10. Force Majeure 147 

Section 13.11. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements 148 

Section 13.12. Successors 148 

Section 13.13. Severability 148 

Section 13.14. First Lien Intercreditor Agreement 148 

Section 13.15. Counterpart Originals 148 

Section 13.16. Table of Contents, Headings, etc 148 

Section 13.17. Trust Indenture Act 148 

Section 13.18. USA PATRIOT Act 148 

Section 13.19. Electronic Signatures 149 

Section 13.20. BRRD 149 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A-1 FORM OF DOLLAR NOTE 

Exhibit A-2 FORM OF EURO NOTE 

Exhibit B-1 FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER (DOLLAR NOTES) 

Exhibit B-2 FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER (EURO NOTES) 

Exhibit C-1 FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE (DOLLAR NOTES) 

Exhibit C-2 FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE (EURO NOTES) 

-iv- 

Exhibit D FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE TO BE DELIVERED BY SUBSEQUENT GUARANTORS 

Exhibit E FORM OF FIRST LIEN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT 

Schedule I LIST OF SECURITY AGREEMENTS 

-v- 

INDENTURE, dated as of February 13, 2025, by and among MPT Operating Partnership, L.P.,
a Delaware limited partnership (Opco), MPT Finance Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Finco and, together with Opco, the Issuers, and each, an Issuer), Medical Properties
Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (Parent), the Subsidiary Guarantors (as defined below) party hereto, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent and, with respect to the Dollar Notes, as
Dollar Transfer Agent, Dollar Registrar and Dollar Paying Agent, and U.S. Bank Europe DAC, with respect to the Euro Notes, as Euro Transfer Agent, Euro Registrar and Euro Paying Agent. 

W I T N E S S E T H 

WHEREAS,
the Issuers have duly authorized the creation of an issue of $1,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 8.500% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 (the Initial Dollar Notes) and of an issue of 1,000,000,000
aggregate principal amount of the Issuers 7.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 (the Initial Euro Notes and, together with the Initial Dollar Notes, the Initial Notes and each, a Series of
Notes). 

WHEREAS, each of Issuers, the Parent and the Subsidiary Guarantors has duly authorized the execution and delivery of
this Indenture (as defined herein). 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Issuers, the Parent, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the Trustee and the Notes
Collateral Agent agree as follows for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders (as defined herein). 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS AND
INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 

Section 1.01.Definitions. 

144A Global Note means a Global Note, substantially in the form of Exhibit
A-1 or Exhibit A-2 hereto, as the case may be, bearing the Dollar Global Note Legend or the Euro Global Note Legend, as applicable, and the Private Placement
Legend and deposited with or on behalf of, and registered in the name of, the applicable Depositary or its nominee, issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding principal amount of Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A. 

Acquired Indebtedness means Indebtedness of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or
that is assumed in connection with an Asset Acquisition from such Person by a Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that Indebtedness of such Person that is redeemed, defeased, retired or otherwise repaid at the time of or
immediately upon consummation of the transactions by which such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or such Asset Acquisition shall not be Acquired Indebtedness. 

Additional Dollar Notes means any additional Dollar Notes (other than the Initial Dollar Notes) issued from time to time
under this Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.01, 2.02, 4.09 and 4.12 hereof. 

Additional Euro Notes means any
additional Euro Notes (other than the Initial Euro Notes) issued from time to time under this Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.01, 2.02, 4.09 and 4.12 hereof. 

-1- 

Additional First-Priority Obligations means Additional First Lien
Obligations as defined in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 

Additional First-Priority Secured Party means
any Additional First Lien Secured Party as defined in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 

Additional
Notes means, individually and collectively, any Additional Dollar Notes and any Additional Euro Notes. 

Adjusted Total
Assets means, for any Person, the sum of: 

(a) Total Assets for such Person as of the end of the fiscal
quarter preceding the Transaction Date; and 

(b) any increase in Total Assets following the end of such quarter
determined on a pro forma basis, including any pro forma increase in Total Assets resulting from the application of the proceeds of any additional Indebtedness. 

Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under
direct or indirect common control with such Person. For purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling, controlledby and
under common control with), as applied to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of
voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Agent means any Registrar, Transfer Agent, Paying Agent or Authentication
Agent. 

Applicable Collateral Agent has the meaning assigned to it in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 

Applicable Premium means: 

(a) with respect to any Dollar Note on any Redemption Date, the greater of: 

(i) 1.0% of the principal amount of the Dollar Note; and 

(ii) the excess of: 

(A) the present value at such Redemption Date of (i) the redemption price of the Dollar Notes at February 15,
2028 (such redemption price being set forth in the table set forth in Section 3.07(c)), plus (ii) all required interest payments due on the Dollar Note through February 15, 2028 (excluding interest paid prior to the Redemption Date
and accrued but unpaid interest to the Redemption Date), computed using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate as of such Redemption Date plus 50 basis points; over 

(B) the principal amount of the Dollar Note on such Redemption Date; and 

(b) with respect to any Euro Note on any Redemption Date, the greater of: 

(i) 1.0% of the principal amount of the Euro Note; and 

-2- 

(ii) the excess of: 

(A) the present value at such Redemption Date of (i) the redemption price of the Euro Notes at February 15,
2028 (such redemption price being set forth in the table set forth in Section 3.07(c)), plus (ii) all required interest payments due on the Euro Note through February 15, 2028 (excluding interest paid prior to the Redemption Date and
accrued but unpaid interest to the Redemption Date), discounted to the Redemption Date on an annual basis (ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA)) using a discount rate equal to the Comparable Government Bond Rate plus 50 basis points; over 

(B) the principal amount of the Euro Note on such Redemption Date. 

Neither the Trustee nor any Paying Agent shall be responsible for the calculation of, or otherwise required to verify, the
Applicable Premium. 

Applicable Procedures means, with respect to any transfer or exchange of or for, redemption of, or
notice with respect to beneficial interests in any Global Note or the redemption or repurchase of any Global Note, the rules, policies and procedures of DTC, the Depositary, Euroclear and/or Clearstream that apply to such transfer, exchange,
redemption, notice or repurchase. 

Asset Acquisition means: 

(a) an investment by an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in any other Person pursuant to which such Person
shall become a Restricted Subsidiary or shall be merged, amalgamated or consolidated with and into an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, however, that such Persons primary business is related, ancillary,
incidental or complementary to the businesses of the Issuers or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries on the date of such investment; or 

(b) an acquisition by an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries from any other Person of assets or one or more
properties of such Person; provided, however, that the assets and properties acquired are related, ancillary, incidental or complementary to the businesses of the Issuers or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries on the date of such acquisition. 

Asset Disposition means the sale or other disposition by an Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, other than to an
Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary, of: 

(a) all or substantially all of the Capital Stock of any Restricted
Subsidiary, whether in a single transaction or a series of transactions; or 

(b) all or substantially all of the
assets that constitute a division or line of business, or one or more properties, of an Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, whether in a single transaction or a series of transactions. 

Asset Sale means any sale, transfer or other disposition, including by way of merger, consolidation or Sale and Leaseback
Transaction, in one transaction or a series of related transactions by an Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to any Person other than an Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (or, in the case of any Secured Pool Properties or the
Capital Stock of a Notes Pledged Subsidiary, to any Person other than a Notes Pledged Subsidiary) of: 

-3- 

(a) all or any of the Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary
(other than directors qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals as required by law); 

(b) all or
substantially all of the assets that constitute a division or line of business of an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; or 

(c) any property and assets of an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries outside the ordinary course of business of
such Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary and, in each case, that is not governed by Section 5.01(a); 

provided, however, that
Asset Sale shall not include: 

(i) the lease or sublease of any real estate assets; 

(ii) sales, leases, assignments, licenses, sublicenses, subleases or other dispositions of inventory, receivables and
other current assets; 

(iii) the sale, conveyance, transfer, lease, disposition or other transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Issuers as permitted under Section 5.01; 

(iv) (A) the license or
sublicense of intellectual property or other general intangibles or (B) the abandonment of intellectual property rights in the ordinary course of business, which in the reasonable good faith determination of the Issuers are not material to the
conduct of the business of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 

(v) the issuance of
Capital Stock by a Restricted Subsidiary in which the percentage interest (direct and indirect) in the Capital Stock of such Restricted Subsidiary owned by one or both of the Issuers after giving effect to such issuance, is at least equal to the
percentage interest prior to such issuance; 

(vi) the surrender or waiver of contract rights or settlement, release
or surrender of a contract, tort or other litigation claim in the ordinary course of business; 

(vii) any Restricted
Payment not prohibited by Section 4.07 or that constitutes a Permitted Investment; 

(viii) sales, transfers or
other dispositions of assets or the issuance of Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary (other than Secured Pool Properties or the Capital Stock of a Subsidiary Pledgor or a Notes Pledged Subsidiary) with a fair market value not in excess of the
greater of (x) $133.0 million and (y) 0.6% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries, in any transaction or series of related transactions; 

(ix) sales or other dispositions of assets for consideration at least equal to the fair market value of the assets sold
or disposed of, to the extent that the consideration received would satisfy Section 4.10(c)(i); 

(x) sales or
other dispositions of cash, Temporary Cash Investments (or items that were Temporary Cash Investments when the relevant original Investment was made) or marketable securities; 

-4- 

(xi) the creation, granting, perfection or realization of any Lien
permitted under this Indenture; 

(xii) the lease, assignment or sublease of property in the ordinary course of
business so long as the same does not materially interfere with the business of the Issuers and their Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 

(xiii) (A) sales, exchanges, transfers or other dispositions of damaged, worn-out
or obsolete or otherwise unsuitable or unnecessary equipment or assets that, in Parents reasonable judgment, are no longer used or useful in the business of the Issuers or their Restricted Subsidiaries and any sale or disposition of property
in connection with scheduled turnarounds, maintenance and equipment and facility updates or (B) a transfer or other disposition of accounts receivable in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof in the ordinary course of
business or in bankruptcy or similar proceedings; 

(xiv) to the extent allowable under Section 1031 of the Code,
any exchange of like property (excluding any boot thereon) for use in a Permitted Business between an Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary and another Person; 

(xv) the voluntary unwinding of any hedging agreements or other derivative instruments (including any Interest Rate
Agreements and Currency Agreements) other than those entered into for speculative purposes; 

(xvi) the sale of the
Equity Interests of a Person that does not constitute a Subsidiary of the Issuers or any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent that such sale is (A) for fair market value or (B) otherwise fair to the Issuers and their Restricted
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, from a financial point of view, in each case, as determined by the Issuers in good faith; 

(xvii) the sale of Equity Interests of an Unrestricted Subsidiary; 

(xviii) sales of assets hereafter acquired pursuant to an acquisition or Investment permitted under this Indenture which
assets are not used or useful to the principal business of the Issuers or their Restricted Subsidiaries or are otherwise non-core assets; 

(xix) a transfer or other disposition of Investments in joint ventures made pursuant to customary buy/sell arrangements
between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and similar binding arrangements; and 

(xx) solely for purposes of clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 4.10(a), any foreclosures, expropriations,
condemnations or similar actions with respect to assets. 

Attributable Debt in respect of a Sale and Leaseback
Transaction means, at the time of determination, the present value of the total obligations of the lessee for net rental payments during the remaining term of the lease included in such Sale and Leaseback Transaction. For purposes hereof such
present value shall be calculated using a discount rate equal to the rate of interest implicit in such Sale and Leaseback Transaction, determined by lessee in good faith on a basis consistent with comparable determinations of Capitalized Lease
Obligations under GAAP; provided, however, that if such sale and leaseback transaction results in a Capitalized Lease Obligation, the amount of Indebtedness represented thereby will be determined in accordance with the definition of
Capitalized Lease Obligations. 

-5- 

Average Life means, at any date of determination with respect to any debt
security, the quotient obtained by dividing: 

(a) the sum of the products of: 

(i) the number of years from such date of determination to the dates of each successive scheduled principal payment of
such debt security; and 

(ii) the amount of such principal payment; by 

(b) the sum of all such principal payments. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the
applicable Resolution Authority. 

Bail-In Legislation means, with respect to
any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and in relation to any other state, any analogous law or regulation from time to time which requires contractual recognition of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers contained in that law
or regulation. 

Bankruptcy Law means Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended, or any insolvency or other
similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. 

Board of Directors means, as to any Person, the board of
directors (or similar governing body) of such Person or any duly authorized committee thereof. 

Board Resolution means,
with respect to any Person, a copy of a resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of such Person to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors of such Person and to be in full force and effect on the date of such
certification, and delivered to the Trustee. 

Business Day means a day (a) other than a Saturday, Sunday or any
day which is a federal holiday or any day on which banking institutions or trust companies in New York City, New York, The City of London, England, Luxembourg or the location of the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee or paying agent are
authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to remain closed and, (b) in the case of any payment or determination relating to the Euro Notes, on which the Trans European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer
system (the TARGET2 system), or any successor thereto, is open. 

Capital Markets Indebtedness means any debt
securities, as such term is commonly understood, issued in any public offering or private placement in an aggregate principal amount in excess of the greater of (a) $340.0 million and (b) 2.0% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the
Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries. 

Capitalized Lease means, as applied to any Person, any lease of any property,
whether real, personal or mixed, of which the discounted present value of the rental obligations of such Person as lessee, in conformity with GAAP, is required to be capitalized on the balance sheet of such Person. 

-6- 

Capitalized Lease Obligations means, at the time any determination is to
be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a Capitalized Lease that would at that time be required to be capitalized on a balance sheet in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital Stock means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents
(however designated, whether voting or non-voting), including partnership or limited liability company interests, whether general or limited, in the equity of such Person, whether outstanding on the Issue Date
or issued thereafter, including all Common Stock and Preferred Stock. 

Change of Control means the occurrence of one or
more of the following events: 

(a) any sale, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related
transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of Opco and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person or group (as such terms are defined in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), together with any
Affiliates thereof (whether or not otherwise in compliance with the provisions of this Indenture); provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, the lease of all or substantially all of the assets of Opco and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole shall not constitute a Change of Control; 

(b) a person or group (as such
terms are defined in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), becomes the ultimate beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of more than 50% of the total voting
power of the Voting Stock of Opco or any of its direct or indirect parent companies on a fully diluted basis; or 

(c) the approval by the holders of Capital Stock of an Issuer of any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution
of an Issuer, in each case, other than in a transaction that complies with Section 5.01. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a
transaction will not be deemed to involve a Change of Control solely as a result of Opco becoming a direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiary of a holding company if (i) the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of such holding
company immediately following that transaction are substantially the same as the holders of Opcos Voting Stock immediately prior to that transaction or (ii) immediately following that transaction no person or group
(as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but other than a holding company satisfying the requirements of this sentence) is the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of Voting Stock representing 50% or more of the voting power of the Voting Stock of such holding company. For purposes of this definition, (A) no Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred
solely as a result of a transfer of assets among the Issuers and their Restricted Subsidiaries, (B) person or group shall not be deemed to have beneficial ownership of securities subject to a stock or asset purchase
agreement, merger agreement or similar agreement (or voting or option or similar agreement related thereto) until the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such agreements and (C) the term Change of Control shall not
include a merger or consolidation of Opco with or the sale, assignment, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of Opcos assets to, an Affiliate incorporated or organized solely for the purpose of reincorporating
or reorganizing Opco in another jurisdiction and/or for the sole purpose of forming or collapsing a holding company structure. 

Change of Control Triggering Event means, with respect to a Series of Notes, the occurrence of both (a) a Change of
Control with respect to such Series and (b) a Rating Decline with respect to such Series. 

Clearstream means
Clearstream Banking S.A. 

-7- 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Collateral means all assets of OpCo and its Restricted Subsidiaries required to be pledged under this Indenture. As of the
Issue Date, the Collateral shall consist of the Capital Stock of each of the Notes Pledged Subsidiaries and all intercompany indebtedness owed by the Notes Pledged Subsidiaries to the Pledgors. 

Common Depositary means, with respect to the Euro Notes, a common depositary for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream.
U.S. Bank Europe DAC will be the Common Depositary for the Euro Notes as of the Issue Date. 

Common Stock means, with
respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated, whether voting or non-voting) that have no preference on liquidation or with respect to
distributions over any other class of Capital Stock, including partnership interests, whether general or limited, of such Persons equity, whether outstanding on the Issue Date or issued thereafter, including all series and classes of common
stock. 

Common Units means the common units of Opco, as defined in Opcos limited partnership agreement. 

Comparable Government Bond means, in relation to any Comparable Government Bond Rate calculation as of any Redemption Date
for any Euro Notes, at the discretion of an independent investment bank selected by the Issuers, a German government bond whose maturity is closest to the period from such Redemption Date to February 15, 2028, or if such independent investment
bank in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other German government bond as such independent investment bank may, with the advice of three brokers of, and/or market makers in, German federal government bonds
selected by the Issuers, determine to be appropriate for determining the Comparable Government Bond Rate. 

Comparable Government
Bond Rate means, as of any Redemption Date for any Euro Notes, the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards), at which the gross redemption yield on the Euro Notes to be redeemed,
if they were to be purchased at such price on the third Business Day prior to the date fixed for redemption, would be equal to the gross redemption yield on such Business Day of the Comparable Government Bond on the basis of the middle market price
of the Comparable Government Bond prevailing at 11:00 a.m. (London time) on such Business Day as determined by an independent investment bank selected by the Issuers; provided, however, that in no case for any purposes under this
Indenture shall the Comparable Government Bond Rate be less than 0.00%. 

Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, the
aggregate net income (or loss) before giving effect to cash dividends on preferred units of Opco (or distributions to Parent to pay dividends on preferred stock of Parent) or charges resulting from the redemption of preferred units of Opco (or
preferred stock of Parent) attributable to Opco and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP: 

(a) excluding (without duplication): 

(i) the net income of any Person, other than an Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary, except to the extent of the amount of
dividends or other distributions actually paid in cash (or to the extent converted into cash) or Temporary Cash Investments to an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by such Person during such period and the net losses for any such Person
shall only be included to the extent funded with cash from an Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary; 

-8- 

(ii) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles; 

(iii) all extraordinary gains and extraordinary losses together with any related provision for taxes on such gains and
losses; 

(iv) (A) any fees and expenses (including any transaction or retention bonus) incurred during such period,
or any amortization thereof for such period, in connection with any acquisition, Investment, asset disposition, issuance or repayment of debt, issuance of equity securities, refinancing transaction or amendment or other modification of any debt
instrument or instrument governing equity securities (in each case, including any such transaction consummated prior to the Issue Date and any such transaction undertaken but not completed) and any charges or
non-recurring merger costs incurred during such period as a result of any such transaction and (B) without duplication of any of the foregoing, non-operating or non-recurring professional fees, costs and expenses; 

(v) any income (loss) for
such period attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness, hedging agreements or other derivative instruments; 

(vi) any after-tax gains or losses attributable to asset dispositions (including
any Asset Sales) or abandonments (including any disposal of abandoned or discontinued operations) or the sale or other disposition of any Capital Stock of any Person other than in the ordinary course of business as determined in good faith by the
Issuers; and 

(vii) all non-cash items increasing net income; 

(b) increased by proceeds actually received from business interruption insurance and, to the extent such amount was deducted in
calculating such net income (without duplication): 

(i) Consolidated Interest Expense; 

(ii) provision for taxes based on income or profits or capital gains, including federal, state, provincial, franchise,
excise and similar taxes and foreign withholding taxes; 

(iii) depreciation and amortization (including without
limitation amortization of deferred financing fees or costs, amortization or impairment write-offs of goodwill and other intangibles, long-lived assets and Investments in debt and equity securities, but excluding amortization of prepaid cash
expenses that were paid in a prior period); 

(iv) non-recurring charges
(including any unusual or non-recurring operating expenses directly attributable to the implementation of cost-savings initiatives), severance, relocation costs, integration and facilities opening costs,
signing costs, retention or completion bonuses, transition costs, rent expense on operating leases to the extent that a liability for such rent has been established in purchase accounting or through a restructuring provision (and accretion of the
discount on any such liability), costs related to closure/consolidation of facilities and curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans (including any settlement of pension liabilities) excluding, in all cases
under this clause (iv), cash restructuring charges, accruals and reserves; 

-9- 

(v) all Non-Cash Charges; and

(vi) increased (by losses) or decreased (by gains) by (without duplication) any net noncash gain or loss resulting
in such period from hedging or other derivative instruments (including any Interest Rate Agreements or Currency Agreements) and the application of Accounting Standards Codification 815. 

Notwithstanding the preceding, the income taxes of, and the depreciation and amortization and other
non-cash items of, a Subsidiary shall be added (or subtracted) to net income to compute Consolidated EBITDA only to the extent (and in the same proportion) that net income of such Subsidiary was included after
giving effect to the impact of clause (a)(i) above. 

Consolidated Funded Indebtedness means the sum (without
duplication) of (a) all Indebtedness of the Issuers and their Restricted Subsidiaries of the type described in clauses (a) and (b) of the definition of Indebtedness, (b) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, the face amount
of letters of credit issued for the account of any Issuer or Restricted Subsidiary and, without duplication, all drafts drawn thereunder, in each case, described in clause (c) of the definition of Indebtedness (but only to the
extent that any such letter of credit has been drawn and not been reimbursed within two Business Days or cash collateralized) and (c) all Indebtedness of the Issuers and their Restricted Subsidiaries of the type described in clause (e) of
the definition of Indebtedness, in each case, after giving effect to the paragraphs immediately succeeding the numbered clauses of the definition of Indebtedness, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with
GAAP. 

Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period, the aggregate amount of interest expense, less the
aggregate amount of interest income for such period, in respect of Indebtedness of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period, all as determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP including (without duplication):

(a) the interest portion of any deferred payment obligations; 

(b) all commissions, discounts and other fees and expenses owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers
acceptance financing; 

(c) the net cash costs associated with Interest Rate Agreements and Indebtedness that is
Guaranteed or secured by assets of an Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary; and 

(d) all but the principal component
of rentals in respect of Capitalized Lease Obligations paid, accrued or scheduled to be paid or to be accrued by an Issuer and the Restricted Subsidiaries; 

excluding, to the extent included in interest expense above, (i) accretion of accrual of discounted liabilities not constituting Indebtedness,
(ii) any expense resulting from the discounting of any Indebtedness in connection with the application of purchase accounting in connection with any acquisition, (iii) amortization of deferred financing fees, debt issuance costs,
commissions, fees and expenses, (iv) any expensing of bridge, commitment or other financing fees and (v) non-cash costs associated with Interest Rate Agreements and Currency Agreements or
attributable to mark-to-market valuation, settlement or termination of derivative instruments pursuant to GAAP. 

Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio means, on any Transaction Date, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness as
of such date minus cash and Temporary Cash Investments of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the then-applicable Four Quarter 

-10- 

Period. The Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio shall be calculated consistent with the pro forma adjustments contemplated by the numbered paragraphs included in the definition of Interest Coverage
Ratio. 

Corporate Trust Office for administration of this Indenture means the corporate trust office of the Trustee
located at Rodney Square North, 1100 N. Market Street, Wilmington, DE 19890-0001, Attention: MPT Administrator, or such other office designated by the Trustee by written notice to the Issuers at which, at any particular time, its corporate trust
business shall be administered. 

Credit Facility means one or more credit or debt facilities (including any credit or
debt facilities provided under the U.S. Credit Agreement), financings, commercial paper facilities, note purchase agreements or other debt instruments, indentures or agreements, providing for revolving credit loans, term loans, swing line loans,
notes, securities, letters of credit or other debt obligations, in each case, as amended, restated, modified, renewed, refunded, restructured, supplemented, replaced or refinanced in whole or in part from time to time, including any amendment
increasing the amount of Indebtedness incurred or available to be borrowed thereunder, extending the maturity of any Indebtedness incurred thereunder or contemplated thereby or deleting, adding or substituting one or more parties thereto (whether or
not such added or substituted parties are banks or other lenders or investors). 

Currency Agreement means any foreign
exchange contract, currency swap agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement. 

Custodian means (i) the
Trustee, as custodian with respect to the Dollar Notes, each in global form, or any successor entity thereto, and (ii) U.S. Bank Europe DAC, as custodian with respect to the Euro Notes, each in global form, or any successor entity thereto. 

Default means any event that is, or after notice or passage of time or both would be, an Event of Default. 

Definitive Notes means, individually and collectively, each of the Dollar Definitive Notes and the Euro Definitive Notes.

Depositary means the Dollar Note Depositary or the Euro Note Depositary, as applicable. 

Derivative Instrument with respect to a Person, means any contract, instrument or other right to receive payment or
delivery of cash or other assets to which such Person or any Affiliate of such Person that is acting in concert with such Person in connection with such Persons investment in the Notes of a Series (other than a Screened Affiliate) is a party
(whether or not requiring further performance by such Person), the value and/or cash flows of which (or any material portion thereof) are materially affected by the value and/or performance of such Series of Notes and/or the creditworthiness of one
or both of the Issuers and/or any one or more of the Guarantors (the Performance References). 

Designated Non-Cash Consideration means the fair market value of non-cash consideration received by an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with an Asset
Sale that is so designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration pursuant to an Officers Certificate, executed by the principal financial officer of the Issuers, less the amount of cash or Temporary Cash
Investments received in connection with a subsequent sale of or collection on such Designated Non-Cash Consideration. 

Disqualified Stock means any class or series of Capital Stock of any Person that by its terms or otherwise is: 

-11- 

(a) required to be redeemed on or prior to the date that is 91 days
after the Stated Maturity of the Notes (other than in exchange for shares of Capital Stock that does not constitute Disqualified Stock and cash in lieu of any fractional share thereof); 

(b) redeemable at the option of the holder of such class or series of Capital Stock, at any time on or prior to the date
that is 91 days after the Stated Maturity of the Notes (other than in exchange for shares of Capital Stock that is not Disqualified Stock and cash in lieu of any fractional shares thereof); or 

(c) convertible into or exchangeable for Capital Stock referred to in clause (a) or (b) above or Indebtedness having
a scheduled maturity on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Stated Maturity of the Notes; 

provided, however, that any Capital
Stock that would not constitute Disqualified Stock but for (i) provisions thereof giving holders thereof the right to require such Person to repurchase or redeem such Capital Stock upon the occurrence of an asset sale, change
of control or fundamental change occurring prior to the date that is 91 days after the Stated Maturity of the Notes shall not constitute Disqualified Stock if the asset sale, change of control or
fundamental change provisions applicable to such Capital Stock are no more favorable to the holders of such Capital Stock than as is customary (as determined by the Issuers in good faith) for such instruments or the provisions of this
Indenture contained in Sections 4.10 and 4.14 and such Capital Stock specifically provides that such Person will not repurchase or redeem any such stock pursuant to such provisions unless such repurchase or redemption complies with Section 4.07
and (ii) customary put and call arrangements between joint venture partners with respect to their common equity investments in joint ventures will not, in any such case, be treated as Disqualified Stock solely as a result of the items referred
to in this proviso. Disqualified Stock shall not include (A) Capital Stock which is issued to any plan for the benefit of employees of Parent or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees solely because it may be required to be
repurchased by Parent or its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations and (B) Capital Stock issued to any future, present or former employee, director, officer or consultant of Parent, an Issuer (or any of
their respective direct or indirect parents or Subsidiaries) which is redeemable or subject to repurchase pursuant to any management equity subscription agreement, stock option agreement, stock ownership plan, put agreement, stockholder agreement or
similar agreement that may be in effect from time to time. Disqualified Stock shall not include Common Units. 

Dollar
or $ means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

Dollar Definitive Note means a
certificated Dollar Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance with Section 2.06(d) hereof, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto, except that such Dollar
Note shall not bear the Dollar Global Note Legend and shall not have the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto. 

Dollar Global Note Legend means the legend set forth in Section 2.06(h)(ii) hereof, which is required to be placed on
all Dollar Global Notes issued under this Indenture. 

Dollar Global Notes means, individually and collectively, each of
the Dollar Restricted Global Notes and the Dollar Unrestricted Global Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto, issued in accordance with Section 2.01, 2.06(a) or 2.06(c) hereof. 

Dollar Note Depositary means, with respect to the Dollar Notes issuable or issued in whole or in part in global form, any
Person specified in Section 2.03 hereof as the Depositary with respect to the Dollar Notes, and any and all successors thereto appointed as Depositary hereunder and having become such pursuant to the applicable provision of this Indenture. 

-12- 

Dollar Notes means the Initial Dollar Notes and more particularly means
any Dollar Note authenticated and delivered under this Indenture. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to Dollar Notes for all purposes of this Indenture shall include any Additional Dollar Notes that are actually issued
and authenticated. The Initial Dollar Notes issued by the Issuer and any Additional Dollar Notes subsequently issued under this Indenture will be treated as a single class for all purposes under this Indenture, including waivers, amendments,
redemptions and offers to purchase. 

Dollar Restricted Definitive Note means a Dollar Definitive Note bearing, or that
is required to bear, the Private Placement Legend. 

Dollar Restricted Global Note means a Dollar Global Note bearing,
or that is required to bear, the Private Placement Legend. 

Dollar Unrestricted Definitive Note means one of more
Dollar Definitive Notes that do not bear and are not required to bear the Private Placement Legend. 

Dollar Unrestricted Global
Note means a permanent Dollar Global Note, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto, bearing the Dollar Global Note Legend and that has the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in
the Global Note attached thereto, and that is deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the applicable Depositary, representing Dollar Notes that do not bear the Private Placement Legend. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 

Eligible Property means a real estate asset which satisfies all of the following requirements: (a) such real estate
asset is Wholly Owned in fee simple or ground leased, directly or indirectly through one or more Subsidiaries, by Opco; (b) the real estate asset is located in the United States, Germany or the United Kingdom; (c) the real estate asset is
leased to a tenant which is not the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or
liquidation of its business appointed for it, or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment (provided that no such event will result solely by
virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such tenant by a governmental authority or instrumentality thereof; provided, further, that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such
tenant with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such tenant (or such governmental authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate,
disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such tenant) and (d) the real estate asset is open and operating as a healthcare facility. 

EMU means the economic and monetary union as contemplated in the Treaty on European Union. 

Equity Interests means Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire Capital Stock, but excluding any
debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock. 

-13- 

Equity Offering means a public or private offering of Capital Stock
(other than Disqualified Stock) of Opco or Parent to the extent the net proceeds thereof are contributed to Opco as Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock). 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Euro or means the lawful currency of the EMU. 

Euro Definitive Note means a certificated Euro Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof and issued in accordance
with Section 2.06(d) hereof, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, except that such Euro Note shall not bear the Global Note Legend and shall not have the Schedule of Exchanges of
Interests in the Global Note attached thereto. 

Euro-Denominated Designated Government Obligations means direct non-callable and non-redeemable obligations denominated in Euros (in each case, with respect to the issuer thereof) of any member state of the European Union that is a member
of the European Union provided that such member state has a long-term government debt rating of A1 or higher by Moodys or A+ or higher by S&P or the equivalent rating category of another internationally recognized rating
agency. 

Euro Global Note Legend means the legend set forth in Section 2.06(h)(iii) hereof, which is required to
be placed on all Euro Global Notes issued under this Indenture. 

Euro Global Notes means, individually and
collectively, each of the Euro Restricted Global Notes and the Euro Unrestricted Global Notes, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, issued in accordance with Section 2.01, 2.06(b) or
2.06(c) hereof. 

Euro Note Depositary means, with respect to the Euro Notes issuable or issued in whole or in part in
global form, any Person specified in Section 2.03 hereof as the Depositary with respect to the Euro Notes, and any and all successors thereto appointed as Depositary hereunder and having become such pursuant to the applicable provision of this
Indenture. 

Euro Notes means the Initial Euro Notes and more particularly means any Euro Note authenticated and
delivered under this Indenture. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to Euro Notes for all purposes of this Indenture shall include any Additional Euro Notes that are actually issued and authenticated. The Initial Euro
Notes issued by the Issuer and any Additional Euro Notes subsequently issued under this Indenture will be treated as a single class for all purposes under this Indenture, including waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase. 

Euro Restricted Definitive Note means a Euro Definitive Note bearing, or that is required to bear, the Private Placement
Legend. 

Euro Restricted Global Note means a Euro Global Note bearing, or that is required to bear, the Private
Placement Legend. 

Euro Unrestricted Global Note means one of more Euro Definitive Notes that do not bear and are not
required to bear the Private Placement Legend. 

Euro Unrestricted Global Note means a permanent Euro Global Note,
substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, bearing the Euro Global Note Legend and that has the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto, and that is
deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the name of the applicable Depositary, representing Euro Notes that do not bear the Private Placement Legend. 

-14- 

Euroclear means Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear
system, or any successor clearing agency. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any
successor statute or statutes thereto. 

fair market value means the price that would be paid in an arms-length transaction between an informed and willing seller under no compulsion to sell and an informed and willing buyer under no compulsion to buy. For purposes of determining compliance with Article 4 of
this Indenture, any determination of the fair market value of assets other than cash or Temporary Cash Investments will be as determined by the principal financial officer of Parent acting in good faith, whose determination will be conclusive. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Indenture (or any amended or successor version
that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 

First Lien Debt Documents has the meaning assigned to it in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 

First Lien Intercreditor Agreement means that Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement among the Trustee, the U.S. Credit
Agreement Agent and certain other parties thereto substantially in the form attached as Exhibit E hereto (as it may be amended from time to time). 

First Lien Obligation has the meaning assigned to it in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 

First-Priority Indebtedness means any Indebtedness secured by a First-Priority Lien. 

First-Priority Liens means all Liens on the Collateral securing Indebtedness that is stated to be secured on a parity lien
basis with the Notes Obligations and the Note Guarantees, and such Liens securing the Notes Obligations and the Note Guarantees. 

First-Priority Secured Party means (i) the Credit Agreement Secured Parties (as defined in the First Lien
Intercreditor Agreement), (ii) the Notes Secured Parties and (iii) other Additional First-Priority Secured Parties with respect to each series of Additional First-Priority Obligations. 

Fitch means Fitch Ratings Inc. and any successor to its rating agency business. 

Foreign Restricted Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary of either Issuer that is not a U.S. Domestic Restricted
Subsidiary. 

Four-Quarter Period means, for purposes of calculating the Interest Coverage Ratio and the Consolidated
Net Leverage Ratio with respect to any Transaction Date, the then-most recent four fiscal quarters prior to such Transaction Date for which reports have been filed with the SEC or provided to the Trustee pursuant to Section 4.03. 

Funds From Operations for any period means the consolidated net income attributable to the Issuers and the Restricted
Subsidiaries for such period determined in conformity with GAAP after 

-15- 

adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, plus depreciation and amortization of real property (including furniture and equipment) and other real estate assets and excluding
(to the extent such amount was deducted in calculating such consolidated net income): 

(a) gains or losses from
(i) the restructuring or refinancing of Indebtedness, (ii) sales of properties or (iii) changes in reserves for earnouts associated with any Asset Acquisition or other acquisition in connection with any fair value adjustments of such
earnouts; 

(b) non-cash asset impairment charges (including write-offs of
former tenant receivables); 

(c) non-cash,non-recurring charges (provided, in each case, that if any non-cash charges represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future period, the
cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Funds From Operations to such extent, and excluding amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period); 

(d) write-offs or reserves of straight-line rent; 

(e) fees and expenses incurred in connection with any acquisition or debt refinancing; 

(f) executive severance in an amount not to exceed $10 million in the aggregate; 

(g) amortization of debt costs; and 

(h) any non-cash expenses and costs of the Issuers and their Restricted
Subsidiaries that result from the issuance of stock-based awards, partnership interest-based awards and similar incentive based compensation awards or arrangements. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect as of the Issue Date
(without giving effect to Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification 825), including those set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the FASB or in such other statements by such other entity as approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession. Except as otherwise specifically provided in
this Indenture, all ratios and computations contained or referred to in this Indenture shall be computed in conformity with GAAP (to the extent applicable) applied on a consistent basis. 

Guarantee means a guarantee other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments for collection in the ordinary course of
business, direct or indirect, in any manner, including, without limitation, by way of a pledge of assets or through letters of credit or reimbursement agreements in respect thereof, of all or any part of any Indebtedness or other obligations. The
term Guarantee used as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 

Global Note Legends means, individually and
collectively, the Dollar Global Note Legend and the Euro Global Note Legend. 

Global Notes means, individually and
collectively, each of the Dollar Global Notes and the Euro Global Notes. 

Group Members has the meaning assigned to it
in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 

-16- 

guarantee means a guarantee (other than by endorsement of negotiable
instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business), direct or indirect, in any manner (including letters of credit and reimbursement agreements in respect thereof), of all or any part of any Indebtedness or other obligations. 

Guarantor means Parent and each Subsidiary Guarantor. 

Holder means the Person in whose name a Note is registered on the applicable Registrars books. 

Incur means, with respect to any Indebtedness, to incur, create, issue, assume, Guarantee or otherwise become liable for or
with respect to, or become responsible for, the payment of, contingently or otherwise, such Indebtedness, including an Incurrence of Acquired Indebtedness; provided, however, that neither the accrual of interest, the
payment of interest on any Indebtedness in the form of additional Indebtedness with the same terms, nor the accretion of original issue discount shall be considered an Incurrence of Indebtedness. 

Indebtedness means, with respect to any Person at any date of determination (without duplication): 

(a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money; 

(b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments; 

(c) the face amount of letters of credit or other similar instruments (excluding obligations with respect to letters of
credit (including trade letters of credit) securing obligations (other than obligations described in (a) or (b) above or (e), (f) or (g) below) entered into in the ordinary course of business of such Person to the extent such letters of
credit are not drawn upon or, if drawn upon, to the extent such drawing is reimbursed no later than the fifth Business Day following receipt by such Person of a demand for reimbursement); 

(d) all unconditional obligations of such Person to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of property or services,
which purchase price is due more than six months after the date of placing such property in service or taking delivery and title thereto or the completion of such services, except Trade Payables; 

(e) all Capitalized Lease Obligations and Attributable Debt; 

(f) the principal component of all Indebtedness of other Persons secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether
or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person; provided, however, that the amount of such Indebtedness shall be the lesser of (i) the fair market value of such asset at that date of determination and (ii) the amount of
such Indebtedness; 

(g) Guarantees by such Person of the principal component of Indebtedness of other Persons; and

(h) to the extent not otherwise included in this definition or the definition of Consolidated Interest Expense, net
obligations under Currency Agreements and Interest Rate Agreements, in each case if and to the extent that any of the foregoing (other than letters of credit) in clauses (a) through (g) would appear as a liability on a balance sheet (excluding
the 

-17- 

footnotes) of such Person in accordance with GAAP; provided, that the Indebtedness of any parent entity (including Parent) appearing upon the balance sheet of either Issuer solely by
reason of push-down accounting under GAAP shall be excluded. 

The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any date shall be the
outstanding balance at such date of all unconditional obligations of the type described above and, with respect to obligations under any Guarantee, the maximum liability upon the occurrence of the contingency giving rise to the obligation;
provided, however, that: 

(i) the amount outstanding at any time of any Indebtedness issued with
original issue discount shall be deemed to be the face amount with respect to such Indebtedness less the remaining unamortized portion of the original issue discount of such Indebtedness at the date of determination in conformity with GAAP; 

(ii) Indebtedness shall not include any liability for foreign, federal, state, local or other taxes; 

(iii) Indebtedness shall not include any obligations in respect of indemnification, adjustment of purchase price or
similar obligations, or from Guarantees or letters of credit, surety bonds or performance bonds, in each case securing any such obligations of the Issuers or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, in any case Incurred in connection with the disposition
of any business, assets or Restricted Subsidiary (other than Guarantees of Indebtedness Incurred by any Person acquiring all or any portion of such business, assets or Restricted Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such acquisition) in a
principal amount not in excess of the gross proceeds including non-cash proceeds (the fair market value of such non-cash proceeds being measured at the time received and
without giving effect to any subsequent changes in value) actually received by the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in connection with such disposition; 

(iv) Indebtedness shall not include any indebtedness or obligations to the extent secured by cash, cash equivalents or
marketable securities (it being understood that cash collateral shall be deemed to include cash deposited with a paying agent or other agent with respect to third-party indebtedness) or which has been repaid, discharged, defeased (whether by
covenant or legal defeasance), retired, repurchased or redeemed or otherwise satisfied on or prior to the date such calculation is being made or for which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has irrevocably made a deposit to repay, defease (whether by
covenant or legal defeasance), discharge, repurchase, retire or redeem or otherwise satisfy or called for redemption, defeasance (whether by covenant or legal defeasance), discharge, repurchase or retirement, or for which Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries has sent an irrevocable notice of redemption to a trustee, holders, lenders or other agent with respect to such indebtedness being redeemed, on or prior to the date such calculation is being made (all such events described in this
clause (iv) are collectively defined as Discharged); and 

(v) Indebtedness shall not include
contingent obligations under performance bonds, performance guarantees, surety bonds, appeal bonds or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices. 

Indenture means this Indenture, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

-18- 

Indirect Participant means a Person who holds a beneficial interest in a
Global Note through a Participant. 

Initial Dollar Notes has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. 

Initial Euro Notes has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. 

Initial Notes has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. 

Initial Purchasers means the initial purchasers of the Notes on the Issue Date. 

Interest Coverage Ratio means, on any Transaction Date, the ratio of: 

(a) the aggregate amount of Consolidated EBITDA for the then-applicable Four-Quarter Period to 

(b) the aggregate Consolidated Interest Expense during such Four-Quarter Period. 

In making the foregoing calculation (and without duplication), 

(i) pro forma effect shall be given to any Indebtedness Incurred or repaid or Discharged during the period
(Reference Period) commencing on the first day of the Four-Quarter Period and ending on the Transaction Date (other than Indebtedness Incurred or repaid under a revolving credit or similar arrangement, unless, for the avoidance of
doubt, such Indebtedness has been permanently repaid and has not been replaced), in each case as if such Indebtedness had been Incurred or repaid or Discharged on the first day of such Reference Period; 

(ii) Consolidated Interest Expense attributable to interest on any Indebtedness (whether existing or being Incurred)
computed on a pro forma basis and bearing a floating interest rate shall be computed as if the rate in effect on the Transaction Date (taking into account any Interest Rate Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness if such Interest Rate Agreement
has a remaining term in excess of 12 months or, if shorter, at least equal to the remaining term of such Indebtedness) had been the applicable rate for the entire period; 

(iii) pro forma effect shall be given to Asset Dispositions, Asset Acquisitions and Permitted Mortgage Investments
(including giving pro forma effect to the application of proceeds of any Asset Disposition and any Indebtedness Incurred or repaid in connection with any such Asset Acquisitions or Asset Dispositions) that occur during such Reference Period or
subsequent to the end of the related Four-Quarter Period as if they had occurred and such proceeds had been applied on the first day of such Reference Period and after giving effect to Pro Forma Cost Savings; 

(iv) pro forma effect shall be given to asset dispositions and asset acquisitions (including giving pro forma effect to
(A) the application of proceeds of any asset disposition and any Indebtedness Incurred or repaid or Discharged in connection with any such asset acquisitions or asset dispositions, (B) expense and cost reductions calculated on a basis
consistent with Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act and (C) Pro Forma Cost Savings) that have been made by any Person that is or has become a Restricted Subsidiary or has been merged with or into an
Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries during such Reference Period or subsequent to the end of the related Four-Quarter Period and that would have constituted asset dispositions or asset 

-19- 

acquisitions during such Reference Period or subsequent to the end of the related Four-Quarter Period had such transactions occurred when such Person was a Restricted Subsidiary as if such asset
dispositions or asset acquisitions were Asset Dispositions or Asset Acquisitions and had occurred on the first day of such Reference Period; 

(v) the Consolidated Interest Expense attributable to discontinued operations, as determined in accordance with GAAP,
shall be excluded, but only to the extent that the obligations giving rise to such Consolidated Interest Expense will not be obligations of the specified Person or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries following the Transaction Date; and 

(vi) Interest on Indebtedness that may optionally be determined at an interest rate based on a factor of a prime or
similar rate, a Eurocurrency interbank offered rate, or other rate, shall be deemed to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or, if not, then based upon such operational rate chosen as the Issuers may designate. Interest on any Indebtedness
under a revolving credit facility computed on a pro forma basis shall be computed based on the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the applicable period except as set forth in clause (i) of this definition. Interest on a
Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Issuers to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance
with GAAP. 

Interest Payment Date means February 15 and August 15 of each year to Stated Maturity. 

Interest Rate Agreement means any interest rate protection agreement, interest rate future agreement, interest rate option
agreement, interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap agreement, interest rate collar agreement, interest rate hedge agreement, option or future contract or other similar agreement or arrangement with respect to interest rates. 

Investment in any Person means any direct or indirect advance, loan or other extension of credit (including by way of
Guarantee or similar arrangement, but excluding advances to customers and distributors and trade credit made in the ordinary course of business that are, in conformity with GAAP, recorded as accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheet of
an Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries and commission, travel and similar advances to employees, directors, officers, managers and consultants in each case made in the ordinary course of business) or capital contribution to (by means of any
transfer of cash or other property (tangible or intangible) to others or any payment for property or services solely for the account or use of others, or otherwise), or any purchase or acquisition of Capital Stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other
similar instruments issued by, such Person and shall include: 

(a) the designation of a Restricted Subsidiary as an
Unrestricted Subsidiary; and 

(b) the fair market value of the Capital Stock (or any other Investment), held by an
Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of (or in) any Person that has ceased to be a Restricted Subsidiary; 

provided, however, that
the fair market value of the Investment remaining in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary shall be deemed not to exceed the aggregate amount of Investments previously made in such Person valued at the time such Investments were made, less
the net reduction of such Investments. For purposes of the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary and Section 4.07: 

(i) Investment shall include the fair market value of the assets (net of liabilities (other than liabilities
to an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries)) of any Restricted Subsidiary at the time such Restricted Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary; 

-20- 

(ii) the fair market value of the assets (net of liabilities (other
than liabilities to an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries)) of any Unrestricted Subsidiary at the time that such Unrestricted Subsidiary is designated a Restricted Subsidiary shall be considered a reduction in outstanding Investments; and

(iii) any property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be valued at its fair market value at the
time of such transfer. 

Except as otherwise provided in this Indenture, the amount of an Investment will be determined at the time the
Investment is made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value but giving effect (without duplication) to all subsequent reductions in the amount of such Investment as a result of any dividend, distribution, interest payment, return of
capital, repayment or other payment or disposition thereof (valued at its fair market value at the time of such payment or disposition). 

Investment Grade Status means, with respect to the Issuers and a Series of Notes, when such Series of Notes has (a) a
rating of Baa3 (or the equivalent) or higher from Moodys (or equivalent rating from a Substitute Rating Agency), (b) a rating of BBB- (or the equivalent) or higher from S&P
(or equivalent rating from a Substitute Rating Agency) or (c) BBB- (or the equivalent) or higher from Fitch (or equivalent rating from a Substitute Rating Agency), in each case, published by the
applicable Rating Agency. 

Issue Date means February 13, 2025. 

Issuers Order means a written request or order signed on behalf of the Issuers by an Officer of each of the Issuers
and delivered to the Trustee. 

Lien means mortgage, trust deed, deeds to secure Indebtedness, pledge, security
interest, encumbrance, lien or charge of any kind, assignment for collateral purposes, deposit arrangement or other security agreement, excluding any right of setoff but including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention
agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing and any other like agreement granting or conveying a security interest. 

Limited Condition Acquisition means any Investment or acquisition, including by means of a merger or consolidation, by
Parent or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries, the consummation of which is not conditioned upon the availability of, or on obtaining, third-party financing; provided that for purposes of determining compliance with Section 4.07
hereof, the Funds From Operations shall not include any Funds From Operations of or attributable to the target company or assets associated with any such Limited Condition Acquisition unless and until the closing of such Limited Condition
Acquisition shall have actually occurred. 

Long Derivative Instrument means a Derivative Instrument (a) the value
of which generally increases, and/or the payment or delivery obligations under which generally decrease, with positive changes to the Performance References and/or (b) the value of which generally decreases, and/or the payment or delivery
obligations under which generally increase, with negative changes to the Performance References. 

LTV Condition means
that the ratio of First-Priority Indebtedness (deeming the revolving facility under the U.S. Credit Agreement or any other facility constituting First-Priority Indebtedness with outstanding commitments, if in existence at the determination date, as
fully drawn solely for purposes of such calculation) to the aggregate Undepreciated Value of the Secured Pool Properties owned or ground leased by each Notes Pledged Subsidiary is not greater than 65% as of the date of determination, giving

-21- 

pro forma effect to any concurrent additions, substitutions or removals of Secured Pool Properties in accordance with Article 12 and any other concurrent transactions and the substantially
concurrent use of proceeds thereof, including, without limitation, Asset Sales, acquisitions, dispositions, Investments, transfers or the incurrence, repurchase, redemption repayment, defeasance or discharge of First-Priority Indebtedness. 

Luxembourg means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 

Luxembourg Commercial Register Law means the Luxembourg law of December 19, 2002 on the Trade and Companies
Register, on accounting and on annual accounts of the companies, as amended. 

Luxembourg Guarantor means any Guarantor
incorporated or established (as applicable) in Luxembourg. 

Luxembourg Guarantors Group means with respect to any
Luxembourg Guarantor, such Luxembourg Guarantor and each subsidiary undertaking or parent undertaking of such Luxembourg Guarantor and each subsidiary undertaking of such parent undertaking from time to time. 

Luxembourg Intra-Group Liabilities means all existing liabilities owed by the Luxembourg Guarantor to any other Group
Member that are not financed by a borrowing under any First Lien Debt Document. 

Moodys means Moodys
Investors Service, Inc. and its successors. 

MPT Median Holdings S. r.l. means MPT Median Holdings S.
r.l., a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit limite) incorporated and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 25, rue Philippe II, L-2340 Luxembourg, Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register (Registre de commerce et des socits, Luxembourg) under number B224727. 

Net Cash Proceeds means: 

(a) with respect to any Asset Sale, the proceeds of such Asset Sale in the form of cash or Temporary Cash Investments,
including payments in respect of deferred payment obligations (to the extent corresponding to the principal, but not interest, component thereof) when received in the form of cash or Temporary Cash Investments (except to the extent such obligations
are financed or sold with recourse to an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) and proceeds from the conversion or sale of other property, including Designated Non-cash Consideration, received when
converted to or sold for cash or Temporary Cash Investments, net of: 

(i) brokerage and sales commissions and other
fees and expenses (including fees and expenses of counsel, accountants and investment bankers) related to such Asset Sale; 

(ii) payments made to obtain a necessary consent or required by applicable law; 

(iii) any relocation expenses incurred as a result of such Asset Sale; 

-22- 

(iv) taxes actually paid or payable as a result of such Asset Sale by
an Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(v) payments made to repay Indebtedness or any other obligation
outstanding at the time of such Asset Sale that either (A) is secured by a Lien on the property or assets sold or (B) is required to be paid as a result of such sale (other than pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer); 

(vi) so long as after giving pro forma effect to any such distribution (A) the aggregate principal amount of all
outstanding Indebtedness of the Issuers and Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at such time is less than 60% of Adjusted Total Assets; and (B) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the amount
required to be distributed to the holders of Parents Capital Stock as a result of such Asset Sale in order for Parent to maintain its status as a REIT and any related pro rata distributions to holders of Opcos Capital Stock; 

(vii) payments of retained liabilities (not constituting Indebtedness) directly associated with the assets being sold in
such Asset Sale; and 

(viii) amounts reserved by the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries against any liabilities
associated with such Asset Sale, including pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities, liabilities related to environmental matters and liabilities under any indemnification obligations associated with such Asset Sale, all as determined
on a consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP; and 

(b) with respect to any issuance or sale of Capital Stock, the
proceeds of such issuance or sale in the form of cash or Temporary Cash Investments, including payments in respect of deferred payment obligations (to the extent corresponding to the principal, but not interest, component thereof) when received in
the form of cash or Temporary Cash Investments (except to the extent such obligations are financed or sold with recourse to an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries) and proceeds from the conversion of other property received when converted
to cash or Temporary Cash Investments, net of attorneys fees, accountants fees, underwriters or placement agents fees, discounts or commissions and brokerage, consultant and other fees incurred in connection with such
issuance or sale and net of tax paid or payable as a result thereof. 

Net Short means, with respect to a Holder or
beneficial owner, as of a date of determination, either (a) the value of its Short Derivative Instruments exceeds the sum of (i) the value of its notes plus (ii) the value of its Long Derivative Instruments as of such date of
determination or (b) it is reasonably expected that such would have been the case were a Failure to Pay or Bankruptcy Credit Event (each as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit 134 Derivatives Definitions) to have occurred with respect to either
Issuer or any Guarantor immediately prior to such date of determination. 

Non-Cash
Charges means (a) all losses from Investments recorded using the equity method, (b) any non-cash expenses and costs of the Issuers and their Restricted Subsidiaries that result from the
issuance of stock-based awards, partnership interest-based awards and similar incentive based compensation awards or arrangements, (c) the non-cash impact of acquisition method accounting, and
(d) other non-cash charges (provided, in each case, that if any non-cash charges represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items in any future
period, the cash payment in respect thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from Funds From Operations to such extent, and excluding amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a prior period). 

-23- 

Non-U.S. Person means a Person
who is not a U.S. Person. 

Notes means the Initial Notes and any Additional Notes and more particularly means any Note
authenticated and delivered under this Indenture. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to Notes for all purposes of this Indenture shall include any Additional Notes that are actually issued and authenticated. The
Initial Notes issued by the Issuer and any Additional Notes subsequently issued under this Indenture will be treated as a single class for all purposes under this Indenture, including waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to purchase, except
for certain waivers and amendments as set forth herein. 

Notes Collateral Agent means Wilmington Trust, National
Association, as collateral agent under this Indenture, and any of its successors or assigns. 

Note Guarantee means the
guarantee by any Guarantor of the Issuers Obligations under this Indenture and the Notes. 

Notes Obligations
means Obligations in respect of the Notes, this Indenture, the Note Guarantees of the Notes and the Security Documents. 

Notes
Pledged Subsidiary means each Subsidiary of the Issuers that directly owns or ground leases any Secured Pool Property; provided that, if the Capital Stock of the general partner of the Notes Pledged Subsidiary that is a limited
partnership is pledged in lieu of the general partnership interest in such limited partnership, such general partner shall also constitute a Notes Pledged Subsidiary. As of the Issue Date, the Notes Pledged Subsidiaries will be MPT of
Gardena PHS, L.P., MPT of Gardena PHS GP, LLC, MPT of Huntington Park-MOB-PHS, L.P., MPT of Huntington Park MOB-PHS GP, LLC, MPT
of Huntington Park-PHS, L.P., MPT of Huntington Park-PHS GP, LLC, MPT Altrincham Ltd, MPT Annesley Ltd, MPT Ashtead Limited, MPT ATOS Cologne S. r.l., MPT Ayr
Ltd, MPT Bamford Ltd, MPT Barby S. r.l., MPT Bath Ltd., MPT Brandis S. r.l., MPT Bristol Ltd, MPT Bromley Ltd, MPT Burston Ltd, MPT Bussage Ltd, MPT Calverton Ltd, MPT Cavendish Limited, MPT Chelmsford Ltd, MPT Circle Birmingham
Limited, MPT Dahlener Heide S. r.l., MPT Dewsbury Limited, MPT Dorchester Limited, MPT Downs Limited, MPT Droitwich Spa Limited, MPT East Riding Limited, MPT Edgbaston Limited, MPT Edmonton Ltd, MPT Euxton Limited, MPT Fromefield Ltd, MPT
Godalming Ltd, MPT Goddards Green Ltd, MPT Grovelands Ltd, MPT Harrow Limited, MPT Hemel Hempstead Ltd, MPT Hendon Limited, MPT Hurworth Ltd, MPT Knaphill Ltd, MPT Kuhlungsborn S. r.l., MPT Langho Ltd, MPT Legacy of Montclair, LLC, MPT
Lincolnshire Limited, MPT Llanarth Ltd, MPT Mansionhouse Ltd, MPT Meanwood Ltd, MPT MEDIAN Bad Oeynhausen S. r.l., MPT MEDIAN Bad Salzuflen S. r.l., MPT MEDIAN Bassenheim, S. r.l., MPT MEDIAN Burggraben S. r.l.,
MPT MEDIAN Dormagen, S. r.l., MPT MEDIAN Haus Grefrath, S. r.l., MPT MEDIAN Haus Remscheid, S. r.l., MPT Melton Mowbray Ltd, MPT Middleton Ltd, MPT Milton Keynes Limited, MPT Monmouth Ltd, MPT Mt Stuart Limited, MPT Newbury
Ltd, MPT Nottingham Ltd, MPT Odiham Ltd, MPT of Altoona, LLC, MPT of Alvin FCER, LLC, MPT of Avondale-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Billings, LLC, MPT of Brownsville, LLC, MPT of Carrollton-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Casper, LLC, MPT of Clarksville LLC,
MPT of Columbus-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Comal County, LLC, MPT of Conroe-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Converse FCER, LLC, MPT of Corpus Christi, LLC, MPT of Creekside FCER, LLC, MPT of DeZavala FCER, LLC, MPT of Dublin-Springstone, LLC, MPT of El Paso
LLC, MPT of Elgin, LLC, MPT of Englewood-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Ernest-Bakersfield, LLC, MPT of Ernest-Bakersfield, LP, MPT of Ernest-Lexington, LLC, MPT of Ernest-Stockton, LLC MPT of Ernest-Stockton, L.P., MPT of Flagstaff, LLC, MPT of Ft.
Worth-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Georgetown-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Gilbert-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Greenwood, LLC, MPT of Hartsville-Capella, LLC, MPT of Hastings-Lima, LLC, MPT of Hausman, LLC, MPT of Helotes FCER, LLC, MPT of Highland
Hills-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Hot Springs-Capella, LLC, MPT of Houston Antoine 

-24- 

FCER, LLC, MPT of Johnstown, LLC, MPT of Johnstown-Lima, LLC, MPT of Kansas City, LLC, MPT of Lafayette, LLC, MPT of Lafayette-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Lander-Lima, LLC, MPT of Laredo, LLC, MPT
of Las Cruces, LLC, MPT of Lawton-Lima, LLC, MPT of Lewiston-RCCH, LLC, MPT of Lubbock, LLC, MPT of Mandeville FCER, LLC, MPT of Marrero FCER, LLC, MPT of McKinney-Springstone, LLC, MPT of McMinnville-Capella, LLC, MPT of Mesquite, LLC, MPT of
Meyersdale-Lima, LLC, MPT of Nacogdoches FCER, LLC, MPT of New Orleans Canal FCER, LLC, MPT of Newburgh-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Ogden, LLC, MPT of Oklahoma City-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Olathe-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Ottumwa-Lima, LLC, MPT of
Overlook Parkway, LLC, MPT of Palestine-Lima, LLC, MPT of Pasco-RCCH, LLC, MPT of Pearland FCER, LLC, MPT of Post Falls, LLC, MPT of Potranco FCER, LLC, MPT of Prescott Valley, LLC, MPT of Provo, LLC, MPT of Raleigh Springstone GP, LLC, MPT of
Raleigh-Springstone, LP, MPT of Richmond-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Riverton-Lima, LLC, MPT of Roaring Springs-Lima, LLC, MPT of Spartanburg, LLC, MPT of St. Lukes Leawood, LLC, MPT of St. Lukes Overland Park South, LLC, MPT of St.
Lukes Parallel Parkway, LLC, MPT of St. Lukes Roeland Park, LLC, MPT of Toledo, LLC, MPT of Vancouver-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Weslaco, LLC, MPT of West Chester-Springstone, LLC, MPT of Westover Hills, LLC, MPT Old Woking Ltd, MPT
Osborne Limited, MPT Preston Ltd, MPT Reading Limited, MPT Renacres Limited, MPT RHM Braunfels S. r.l., MPT RHM Heidelberg S. r.l., MPT Roehampton Dowdeswell Ltd, MPT Roehampton Ltd, MPT Rowley Limited, MPT Royston Ltd, MPT Sandon
Limited, MPT Sketchley Ltd, MPT Southampton Ltd, MPT Stapleford Tawney Ltd, MPT Stockton Ltd, MPT Tadley Ltd, MPT Walsall Limited, MPT Willenhall Ltd, MPT Wilmslow Ltd, MPT Winfield Limited and MPT Woodbourne Ltd. 

Notes Secured Parties means the Holders, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent. 

Obligations means any principal, interest, penalties, fees, indemnifications, reimbursements (including, without
limitation, reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptances), damages and other liabilities payable under the documentation governing any Indebtedness; provided that Obligations with respect to the
Notes shall not include fees, reimbursements or indemnifications in favor of third parties other than the Trustee, the Notes Collateral Agent, any Agent and the Holders of the Notes. 

Offering Memorandum means the offering memorandum, dated January 30, 2025, relating to the sale of the Initial Notes.

Officer means the Chairman of the Board, any member of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial
Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the President, any Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President, Vice President or Assistant Vice President, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, the Controller, General Counsel, the Secretary or any
Assistant Secretary of a Person or any other officer of such Person designated by any such individuals. Unless otherwise specified, reference to an Officer means an Officer of Opco. 

Officers Certificate means a certificate signed on behalf of a Person by an Officer of such Person. Unless otherwise
specified, reference to an Officers Certificate means a certificate signed on behalf of Opco by an Officer thereof. 

Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion (which opinion may be subject to customary assumptions and exclusions) from
legal counsel who is reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of, or outside counsel to, Opco, Finco or a Guarantor. 

Pari Passu Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of an Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor that ranks pari
passu in right of payment with the Notes or the Note Guarantee by such Subsidiary 

-25- 

Guarantor, as applicable; provided that, in respect of any Asset Sale of Collateral, Secured Pool Properties or the Capital Stock of a Notes Pledged Subsidiary, it shall mean any such
Indebtedness only to the extent it constitutes First-Priority Indebtedness. 

Participant means, with respect to the
Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, a Person who has an account with the Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, respectively (and, with respect to DTC, shall include Euroclear and Clearstream). 

Performance References has the meaning set forth in the definition of Derivative Instrument. 

Permitted Business means any business activity (including Permitted Mortgage Investments) in which Parent, the Issuers and
Restricted Subsidiaries are engaged or propose to be engaged (as described in the Offering Memorandum) on the Issue Date, any business activity related to properties customarily constituting assets of a healthcare REIT, or any business reasonably
related, ancillary, incidental or complementary thereto, or reasonable expansions or extensions thereof. 

Permitted
Investment means: 

(a) (i) an Investment in an Issuer or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries or (ii) a
Person that will, upon the making of such Investment, become a Restricted Subsidiary or be merged or consolidated with or into or transfer or convey all or substantially all its assets to, an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and, in each
case, any Investment held by such Person; provided that such Investment was not acquired by such Person in contemplation of such acquisition, merger, consolidation or transfer; 

(b) investments in cash and Temporary Cash Investments; 

(c) Investments made by an Issuer or the Restricted Subsidiaries as a result of consideration received in connection with
an Asset Sale made in compliance with Section 4.10 or from any other disposition or transfer of assets not constituting an Asset Sale; provided that, solely to the extent that the LTV Condition is not satisfied after giving effect to
such Asset Sale or other transfer, any application of proceeds thereof that occurs substantially concurrently with such Asset Sale, and any other pro forma adjustments set forth in the definition of LTV Condition, if such Asset Sale or
other disposition or transfer is made in connection with Collateral, the assets so acquired are pledged as Collateral on a First-Priority Lien basis substantially simultaneously with such Investment; 

(d) Investments represented by Guarantees that are otherwise permitted under this Indenture; 

(e) payroll, travel and similar advances to cover matters that are expected at the time of such advances ultimately to be
treated as expenses in accordance with GAAP; 

(f) Investments received in satisfaction of judgments or in settlements
of debt or compromises of obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(g) any Investment acquired
solely in exchange for Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of Parent or Opco, which Parent and Opco did not receive in exchange for a cash payment, Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock, but excluding any new cash Investments made thereafter;

-26- 

(h) Investments in tenants in an aggregate amount not to exceed the
greater of (i) $4,420.0 million and (ii) 20% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries at any one time outstanding; 

(i) obligations under Currency Agreements and Interest Rate Agreements otherwise permitted under this Indenture; 

(j) Permitted Mortgage Investments; 

(k) any transaction which constitutes an Investment to the extent permitted and made in accordance with
Section 4.11(b) (except transactions described in Sections 4.11(b)(i), (v), (viii) and (ix)); 

(l) any
Investment consisting of prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection and lease, endorsements for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business, utility or workers compensation, performance and similar deposits
entered into as a result of the operations of the business in the ordinary course of business; 

(m) pledges or
deposits by a Person under workers compensation laws, unemployment insurance laws or similar legislation, or deposits in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the payment of Indebtedness) or leases to which such Person is a
party, or deposits as security for contested taxes or import duties or for the payment of rent, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) any Investment acquired by an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) in exchange for any other
Investment or accounts receivable or rents receivable held by Parent or any such Restricted Subsidiary in connection with or as a result of a bankruptcy, workout, reorganization or recapitalization of an Issuer of such other Investment or accounts
receivable or rents receivable or (ii) as a result of a foreclosure by Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured Investment in default; 

(o) any Investment consisting of a loan or advance to officers, directors or employees of Parent, an Issuer or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries (i) in connection with the purchase by such Persons of Capital Stock of Parent or (ii) for additional purposes made in the ordinary course of business, in the aggregate under this clause (o) not to exceed
$4.0 million at any one time outstanding; 

(p) any Investment made in connection with the funding of
contributions under any nonqualified employee retirement plan or similar employee compensation plan in an amount not to exceed the amount of compensation expenses recognized by Parent, an Issuer and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection
with such plans; 

(q) any Investment existing on the Issue Date or made pursuant to a binding commitment in effect on
the Issue Date or an Investment consisting of any extension, modification, replacement or renewal of any such Investment or binding commitment existing on the Issue Date; 

(r) additional Investments not to exceed the greater of (i) $1,105.0 million and (ii) 5.0% of consolidated
Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries at any time outstanding; 

-27- 

(s) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount,
taken together with all other Investments made in reliance on this clause not to exceed the greater of (i) $1,105.0 million and (ii) 5.0% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries (net of, with respect
to the Investment in any particular Person, the cash return thereon received after the Issue Date as a result of any sale for cash, repayment, redemption, liquidating distribution or other cash realization (not included in Consolidated EBITDA), not
to exceed the amount of Investments in such Person made after the Issue Date in reliance on this clause); and 

(t) Investments in joint ventures (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include Investments through a Person who does
not constitute a Subsidiary of the Issuers or any Restricted Subsidiary), so long as such Investment does not cause an Event of Default (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be determined at the time of such Investment). 

Permitted Lien means any of the following: 

(a) Liens securing the Notes outstanding on the Issue Date and the Note Guarantees thereof, and any Permitted Refinancing
Indebtedness in respect of the foregoing; 

(b) Liens securing Indebtedness under the U.S. Credit Agreement (including
any Guarantees thereof) or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; 

(c) Liens existing on the
Issue Date (other than Liens in clauses (a) and (b)); 

(d) any other First-Priority Lien if, immediately after
giving effect to the Incurrence of such Lien, the substantially concurrent application of any proceeds of the First-Priority Indebtedness secured by such First-Priority Lien and any other pro forma adjustments set forth in the definition of
LTV Condition, the LTV Condition is satisfied as of the date of determination; 

(e) Liens securing
Indebtedness that is exchanging, extending, refinancing, renewing, replacing, defeasing or refunding Indebtedness secured by a Lien incurred pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) above; provided, that (i) any such new Lien shall be limited
to all or part of the same property and assets that secured or, under the written agreements pursuant to which the original Lien arose, could secure the original Lien (plus improvements and accessions to such property or proceeds or distributions
thereof) and (ii) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such new Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so extended, refinanced, renewed, replaced, defeased,
discharged or refunded (plus all accrued interest thereon) and the amount of any fees and expenses, including premiums, incurred in connection therewith, and any committed amounts associated therewith (to the extent such committed amounts constitute
Reserved Indebtedness Amount); 

(f) other Liens on the Collateral securing Obligations, which Liens are subordinated
to the Liens securing the Notes Obligations and the Note Guarantees thereof pursuant to a senior priority/junior priority intercreditor agreement, which intercreditor agreement shall provide for the subordination of such Liens to the Liens securing
the Notes Obligations and other intercreditor provisions with respect to indebtedness secured by such Liens that are reasonably customary in the good faith determination of the Issuers for intercreditor agreements providing for junior priority
liens; 

(g) Liens for taxes that are not overdue for a period of more than sixty (60) days or that are being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; provided that adequate reserves 

-28- 

with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Issuers or their Subsidiaries, as the case may be, in conformity with GAAP or the equivalent accounting principles in the relevant local
jurisdiction; 

(h) encumbrances that, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and that do not in any case
materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Issuers or any of their Subsidiaries; 

(i) Liens arising from judgments or orders for the payment of money (or appeal or other surety bonds relating thereto)
not constituting an Event of Default; 

(j) Liens consisting of an agreement to dispose of any property in a
disposition permitted by this Indenture, in each case, solely to the extent such disposition would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien or on the date of any contract for such disposition; 

(k) customary rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar rights in joint venture agreements entered into in the
ordinary course of business; 

(l) Liens securing assessments or charges payable to a property owner association or
similar entity, which assessments are not yet due and payable or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, and for which adequate reserves with respect thereto, to the extent required by GAAP, are maintained
on the books of the applicable Person; or 

(m) Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing
statements. 

Permitted Mortgage Investment means any Investment in secured notes, mortgage, deeds of trust,
collateralized mortgage obligations, commercial mortgage-backed securities, other secured debt securities, secured debt derivative or other secured debt instruments, so long as such investment relates directly or indirectly to real property that
constitutes or is used as a skilled nursing home center, hospital, assisted living facility, medical office or other property customarily constituting an asset of a real estate investment trust specializing in healthcare or senior housing property.

Permitted Payments to Parent means, without duplication as to amounts: 

(a) payments to Parent to pay reasonable accounting, legal and administrative expenses of Parent when due, in an
aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000 per annum; and 

(b) payments to Parent in respect of its state, franchise and
local tax liabilities. 

Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness means: 

(a) any Indebtedness of an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries issued in exchange for, or the net proceeds of
which are used to, or which serves to, extend, refinance, renew, replace, defease, discharge or refund other Indebtedness of an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than intercompany Indebtedness); provided that 

(i) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed
the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so extended, refinanced, renewed, replaced, defeased, 

-29- 

discharged or refunded (plus all accrued interest thereon and the amount of any fees and expenses, including premiums, incurred in connection therewith, and any committed amounts associated
therewith (if the Issuers elected to have such commitment deemed to be Incurred at the time of the commitment in accordance with the last paragraph of the definition of Incur)); 

(ii) such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has: 

(A) a final maturity date no earlier than (1) the final maturity date of the Indebtedness being extended,
refinanced, renewed, replaced, defeased, discharged or refunded or (2) the date that is 91 days after the maturity of the Notes, and 

(B) an Average Life equal to or greater than the Average Life of the Indebtedness being extended, refinanced, renewed,
replaced, defeased, discharged or refunded or 91 days more than the Average Life of the Notes; 

(iii) if the
Indebtedness being extended, refinanced, renewed, replaced, defeased, discharged or refunded is contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or a Note Guarantee, such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is contractually subordinated in
right of payment to the Notes or such Note Guarantee on terms at least as favorable to the Holders of Notes as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being extended, refinanced, renewed, replaced, defeased, discharged or
refunded; and 

(iv) such Indebtedness is incurred either (A) by an Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor or
(B) by the Restricted Subsidiary who is the obligor on the Indebtedness being extended, refinanced, renewed, replaced, defeased, discharged or refunded. 

For the avoidance of doubt, Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of any Indebtedness may be incurred within 180 days after the
exchange, extension, refinancing, renewal, replacement, defeasance or refunding of any such Indebtedness. 

Person means
any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity. 

Pledgors means collectively Opco and the Subsidiary Pledgors. 

Preferred Stock means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents
(however designated, whether voting or non-voting) that have a preference on liquidation or with respect to distributions over any other class of Capital Stock, including preferred partnership interests,
whether general or limited, or such Persons preferred or preference stock, whether outstanding on the Issue Date or issued thereafter, including all series and classes of such preferred or preference stock. 

Private Placement Legend means the legend set forth in Section 2.06(h)(i) hereof to be placed on all Notes issued
under this Indenture, except where otherwise permitted by the provisions of this Indenture. 

-30- 

Pro Forma Cost Savings means, with respect to any period, the synergies,
cost savings, operating expense reductions (including such reductions resulting from employee terminations, facilities consolidations and closings, standardization of employee benefits and compensation policies, consolidation of property, casualty
and other insurance coverage and policies, standardization of sales and distribution methods, reductions in taxes other than income taxes), other operating improvements, initiatives and other pro forma adjustments to actual historical Consolidated
EBITDA in connection with (a) any asset acquisition, Investment, Asset Sale or sales of assets or (b) any cost-savings initiative or other restructuring initiative to the extent they are (i) consistent with Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act, or (ii) projected by a financial officer of Parent or an Issuer in good faith to be reasonably anticipated to be realizable within eighteen (18) months after the date of such
transaction or event, as the case may be, and calculated on a pro forma basis as though such synergies, cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements, initiatives and other pro forma adjustments had been realized on the
first day of such period for which Consolidated EBITDA is being determined and as if such synergies, cost savings, operating expense reductions, other operating improvements, initiatives and other pro forma adjustments were realized during the
entirety of such period; provided that such synergies, cost savings, reductions, improvements, initiatives and other pro forma adjustments shall be directly attributable, factually supportable and reasonably quantifiable in the good faith
judgment of a financial officer of Parent or an Issuer. 

QIB means a qualified institutional buyer as
defined in Rule 144A. 

Rating Agency means (a) Moodys, S&P or Fitch or (b) if Moodys, S&P
or Fitch or each of them shall not make a rating on the Notes publicly available, a nationally recognized statistical rating agency or agencies (each, a Substitute Rating Agency), as the case may be, that may be selected by the
Issuers (as certified by a resolution of the Issuers Board of Directors) which shall be substituted for Moodys, S&P or Fitch or each of them, as the case may be. 

Rating Category means (a) with respect to Fitch or S&P, any of the following categories: BB, B, CCC, CC, C and D
(or equivalent successor categories); (b) with respect to Moodys, any of the following categories: Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C and D (or equivalent successor categories); and (c) the equivalent of any such category of S&P, Moodys or Fitch
used by any Substitute Rating Agency that may be selected by the Issuers in accordance with clause (b) of the definition of Rating Agency. In determining whether the rating of a Series of Notes has decreased by one or more gradations,
gradations within Rating Categories ((i) + andfor S&P and Fitch; (ii) 1, 2 and 3 for Moodys; and (iii) the equivalent gradations for another Rating Agency selected by the Issuers) shall be taken into account (e.g., with respect
to S&P, a decline in a rating from BB+ to BB, or from BB- to B+, will constitute a decrease of one gradation). 

Rating Date means the date which is 60 days prior to the earlier of (a) a Change of Control or (b) public notice
of the occurrence of a Change of Control or of the intention by the Issuers to effect a Change of Control. 

Rating
Decline with respect to a Series of Notes shall be deemed to occur if, within 60 days after public notice of the occurrence of a Change of Control (which period shall be extended in respect of a Rating Agency so long as the rating of such
Series of Notes is under publicly announced consideration for possible downgrade by any such Rating Agency with respect to a Rating Category), the rating of such Series of Notes by each Rating Agency shall be decreased by one or more gradations to
or within a Rating Category (including gradations within Rating Categories as well as between Rating Categories) as compared to the rating of such Series of Notes on the Rating Date. 

-31- 

Record Date means, for the interest payable on any applicable Interest
Payment Date, the February 1 and August 1 (whether or not a Business Day) immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date. 

Regulation S means Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Regulation S Global Note means a Regulation S Temporary Global Note or Regulation S Permanent Global Note, as applicable.

Regulation S Permanent Global Note means a permanent Global Note, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 or Exhibit A-2 hereto, as the case may be, bearing the Dollar Global Note Legend or Euro Global Note Legend, as applicable, and the Private Placement Legend and
deposited with or on behalf of, and registered in the name of, the applicable Depositary or its nominee, issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Regulation S Temporary Global Note upon expiration of the applicable
Restricted Period. 

Regulation S Temporary Global Note means a temporary Global Note, substantially in the form of
Exhibit A-1 or Exhibit A-2 hereto, as the case may be, bearing the Dollar Global Note Legend or Euro Global Note Legend, as applicable, and the Private
Placement Legend and the Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend and deposited with or on behalf of, and registered in the name of, the applicable Depositary or its nominee, issued in a denomination equal to the outstanding principal amount of the
Notes initially sold in reliance on Rule 903. 

Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend means the legend set forth in
Section 2.06(h)(iv) hereof. 

Replacement Assets means (a) tangible
non-current assets that will be used or useful in a Permitted Business or (b) substantially all the assets of a Permitted Business or a majority of the Voting Stock of any Person engaged in a Permitted
Business that will become on the date of acquisition thereof a Restricted Subsidiary. 

Requirements of Law means, with
respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and all federal, state, provincial, territorial, municipal, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances,
orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of any, governmental
authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law and that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 

Reserved Indebtedness Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 4.09 hereof. 

Responsible Officer means, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer in the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee
to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and shall also mean any officer who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture.

Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative
authority to exercise any Write-Down and Conversion Powers. 

Restricted Definitive Notes means, individually and
collectively, each of the Dollar Restricted Definitive Notes and the Euro Restricted Definitive Notes. 

-32- 

Restricted Global Notes means, individually and collectively, each of the
Dollar Restricted Global Notes and the Euro Restricted Global Notes. 

Restricted Investment means an Investment other
than a Permitted Investment. 

Restricted Period means, in respect of any Note issued under Regulation S, the 40-day distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S applicable to such Note. 

Restricted Subsidiary means, with respect to a Person, any Subsidiary of such Person other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary.
Unless the context otherwise requires, Restricted Subsidiaries refer to Restricted Subsidiaries of the Issuers (it being understood that Finco is not a Restricted Subsidiary). 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Rule 144A means Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Rule 903 means Rule 903 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Rule 904 means Rule 904 promulgated under the Securities Act. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Ratings Services and its successors. 

Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any direct or indirect arrangement with any Person, or to which any such Person is a
party, providing for the leasing to Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of any property, whether owned by Parent or any such Restricted Subsidiary at the Issue Date or later acquired, which has been or is to be sold or transferred by Parent or any
such Restricted Subsidiary to such Person or any other Person from whom funds have been or are to be advanced by such Person on the security of such property. 

Screened Affiliate means any Affiliate of a holder of the Notes (a) that makes investment decisions independently from
such holder and any other Affiliate of such holder that is not a Screened Affiliate, (b) that has in place customary information screens between it and such holder and any other Affiliate of such holder that is not a Screened Affiliate and such
screens prohibit the sharing of information with respect to Parent or its Subsidiaries, (c) whose investment policies are not directed by such holder or any other Affiliate of such holder that is acting in concert with such holder in connection
with its investment in the Notes and (d) whose investment decisions are not influenced by the investment decisions of such holder or any other Affiliate of such holder that is acting in concert with such holders in connection with its
investment in the Notes. 

SEC means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Secured Indebtedness means any Indebtedness secured by a Lien upon the property of the Issuers or any Restricted
Subsidiaries. 

Secured Pool Properties means the real estate assets of the Issuers and their Subsidiaries which are
designated as Secured Pool Properties under the U.S. Credit Agreement on the Issue Date, and any other real estate assets that are added as Secured Pool Properties from time to time in accordance with the U.S. Credit
Agreement or this Indenture; provided that any Secured Pool Property shall cease to constitute a Secured Pool Property once sold, transferred or otherwise disposed in accordance with Section 4.10 or upon its removal, whether or not in
connection with a substitution, in accordance with the U.S. Credit Agreement. Following the expiration or termination of the U.S. Credit 

-33- 

Agreement (other than in connection with a refinancing or replacement thereof in the form of a credit facility), the Issuers will not be permitted any substitutions or removals of the Secured
Pool Properties except pursuant to the provisions of Article 12. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. 

Security Agreements means (a) the pledge agreement governed by New York law, executed and delivered on
the date hereof by each of Opco and MPT Springstone REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation, (b) the share and receivables charge governed by English law, executed and delivered on the date hereof by each of MPT UK Holdings Limited, a private
limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registered number 14819738, and MPT UK Property Holdings Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registered number 14819145, (c)
the share and contract rights security agreement governed by Jersey law, executed and delivered on the date hereof by MPT UK Holdings Limited, (d) each share pledge agreement governed by Luxembourg law granted on the date hereof by Opco and MPT
MEDIAN Holdings S..r.l., (e) each receivables pledge agreement governed by Luxembourg law granted on the date hereof by Opco and MPT MEDIAN Holdings S..r.l., in each case of clauses (a) (e), listed on Schedule I hereto,
as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and (b) any other share or receivables pledges or similar documents entered into from time to time under this Indenture with respect to
additional or substituted Collateral. 

Security Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreements and the other
security agreements, pledge agreements, share charges, security interest agreements, share pledges, receivables pledges, collateral assignments and similar or related agreements, as amended, supplemented, restated, renewed, refunded, replaced,
restructured, repaid, refinanced or otherwise modified or entered into from time to time, creating the security interest in the Collateral to secure the Obligations. 

Shared Collateral has the meaning assigned to it in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 

Short Derivative Instrument means a Derivative Instrument (a) the value of which generally decreases, and/or the
payment or delivery obligations under which generally increase, with positive changes to the Performance References and/or (b) the value of which generally increases, and/or the payment or delivery obligations under which generally decrease,
with negative changes to the Performance References. 

Significant Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, means any
restricted subsidiary of such Person that satisfies the criteria for a significant subsidiary set forth in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X under the Exchange
Act, as such regulation is in effect on the Issue Date. 

Stated Maturity means: 

(a) with respect to any debt security, the date specified in such debt security as the fixed date on which the final
installment of principal of such debt security is due and payable; and 

(b) with respect to any scheduled installment
of principal of or interest on any debt security, the date specified in such debt security as the fixed date on which such installment is due and payable, 

provided that Stated Maturity shall not include any contingent obligations to repay, redeem or repurchase any such interest or principal prior to the
date originally scheduled for the payment thereof. 

-34- 

Statistical Release has the meaning set forth in the definition of
Treasury Rate. 

sterling, or GBP refer to the lawful currency
of the United Kingdom. 

Subordinated Indebtedness means Indebtedness which by the terms of such Indebtedness is
subordinated in right of payment to the principal of and interest and premium, if any, on the Notes or any Note Guarantee. 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, association or other business entity of which more than 50%
of the voting power of the outstanding Voting Stock is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person and one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person and the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such Person in its consolidated
financial statements in accordance with GAAP, if such statements were prepared as of such date. 

Subsidiary Guarantors
means each Person other than Parent that Guarantees the Notes, in each case, until such Person is released from its Note Guarantee of the Notes. 

Subsidiary Pledgor means each Subsidiary of the Issuers that directly owns the assets or property that have been or are
required to be, pledged as Collateral. As of the Issue Date, the Subsidiary Pledgors are MPT Springstone REIT, Inc., MPT UK Holdings Limited, MPT UK Property Holdings Limited and MPT Median Holdings S..r.l. In the event that all of a
Subsidiary Pledgors Collateral is released in a manner permitted under this Indenture, then such Subsidiary Pledgor shall cease to constitute a Subsidiary Pledgor. 

Taxes means all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any governmental authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Temporary Cash Investment means any of the following: 

(a) Dollars, Euros, Australian dollar, sterling, any national currency of any participating member state of the European
Union or any foreign currency held by the Issuers or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries from time to time in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to any sale permitted by this Indenture; 

(b) readily marketable obligations issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the government or any agency or
instrumentality of (i) the United States or (ii) any member nation of the European Union (provided that such member state has a long-term government debt rating of A3 or higher by Moodys or A or higher
by S&P or the equivalent rating category of another internationally recognized rating agency) having maturities of not more than 24 months from the date of acquisition thereof; provided, further, that the full faith and credit of
the United States or a member nation of the European Union is pledged in support thereof; 

(c) time deposits
accounts, term deposit accounts, time deposits, bankers acceptances, overnight bank deposits, certificates of deposit, Eurodollar time deposits and money market deposits maturing within 12 months or less of the date of acquisition thereof, in
each case with (i) any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or any member state of the European Union having capital and surplus of not less than $250,000,000 (or the U.S. Dollar
Equivalent as of the date of determination in case of non-U.S. banks) or (ii) any money-market fund sponsored by a registered broker dealer or mutual fund distributor; 

-35- 

(d) repurchase and reverse purchase obligations with a term of not
more than 30 days for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (b) and (c) above entered into with a bank meeting the qualifications described in clause (c) above; 

(e) commercial paper, maturing not more than six months after the date of acquisition with a rating at the time as of
which any investment therein is made of P-2 (or higher) according to Moodys or A-2 (or higher) according to S&P (or, if at any time
neither Moodys nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another internationally recognized rating agency) (or if such commercial paper is not itself rated, is issued by an issuer having a long-term unsecured debt
rating of at least A from S&P or A2 from Moodys (or carrying the equivalent rating category of another internationally recognized rating agency)); 

(f) securities with maturities of 12 months or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully and unconditionally
guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States of America, or by any political subdivision, public instrumentality or taxing authority thereof or any member nation of the European Union, and rated at least A by
S&P or Moodys (or, if at any time neither Moodys nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another internationally recognized rating agency); 

(g) securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit
issued by any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (c)(i) of this definition; 

(h) any fund
investing at least 90% of its assets in investments that constitute Temporary Cash Investments of the kinds described in clauses (a) through (g) of this definition; 

(i) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule
2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (ii) are rated AAA by S&P and Aaa by Moodys (or carrying an equivalent rating or the equivalent rating category of another
internationally recognized rating agency) and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least $5,000,000,000; 

(j) marketable short-term money market and similar liquid funds having a rating of at least P-2 or A-2 from either Moodys or S&P, respectively (or, if at any time neither Moodys nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from
another nationally recognized statistical rating agency); and 

(k) in the case of any foreign Subsidiary, instruments
of comparable tenor and credit quality to those described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (j) customarily utilized in countries in which such foreign Subsidiary operates for cash management purposes. 

Total Assets means, for any Person as of any date, the sum of (a) Undepreciated Real Estate Assets plus (b) the
book value of all other assets (excluding non-real estate intangibles) of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date of determination on a consolidated basis determined in accordance with
GAAP. 

Total Unencumbered Assets means, for any Person as of any date, the Total Assets of such Person and its
Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date, that do not secure any portion of Secured Indebtedness, on a consolidated basis determined in accordance with GAAP. 

-36- 

Trade Payables means, with respect to any Person, any accounts payable or
any other indebtedness or monetary obligation to trade creditors created, assumed or Guaranteed by such Person or any of its Subsidiaries arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with the acquisition of goods or services. 

Transaction Date means, with respect to the Incurrence of any Indebtedness by an Issuer or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries, the date such Indebtedness is to be Incurred and, with respect to any Restricted Payment, the date such Restricted Payment is to be made. 

Treasury Rate means, as of any Redemption Date with respect to any Dollar Notes, the yield to maturity as of such
Redemption Date of United States Treasury securities with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (Statistical Release) that has become publicly available at least
two business days prior to the Redemption Date (or, if such Statistical Release is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar market data)) most nearly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to February 15, 2028;
provided, however, that if the period from the Redemption Date to February 15, 2028, is not equal to the constant maturity of a United States Treasury security for which a weekly average yield is given, the Treasury Rate will be
obtained by linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average yields of United States Treasury securities for which such yields are given, except that if the period
from the Redemption Date to February 15, 2028 is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year will be used. 

Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. 

Trustee means Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, until a successor replaces it in accordance with the
applicable provisions of this Indenture and thereafter means the successor serving hereunder. 

UCC means the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. 

Undepreciated Real Estate Assets means, as of any date,
the cost (being the original cost to an Issuer or the Restricted Subsidiaries plus capital improvements) of real estate assets and related intangibles of the Issuers and the Subsidiaries, before depreciation and amortization of such real estate
assets, determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP. 

Undepreciated Value means, as of any date, the
cost (being the original cost to an Issuer or the Restricted Subsidiaries plus capital improvements) of any asset or property, before depreciation and amortization of such asset or property, determined on a consolidated basis in conformity with
GAAP. 

Underlying Assets means (a) the Secured Pool Properties, (b) the interests of the Notes Pledged
Subsidiaries in the leases or similar agreements with respect to the Secured Pool Properties, (c) general partnership interests in other Notes Pledged Subsidiaries to the extent not included in the Collateral and (d) other assets and
property acquired by the Notes Pledged Subsidiaries in accordance with this Indenture. 

Underlying Assets Permitted
Lien means any of the following: 

(a) Liens existing on the Issue Date; 

(b) Liens for taxes that are not overdue for a period of more than sixty (60) days or that are being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings; provided that adequate reserves 

-37- 

with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Issuers or their Subsidiaries, as the case may be, in conformity with GAAP or the equivalent accounting principles in the relevant local
jurisdiction; 

(c) carriers, warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens or
other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business that are not overdue for a period of more than sixty (60) days or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; 

(d) pledges or deposits in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security
legislation, or to secure statutory obligations; 

(e) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts
(other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(f) minor survey exceptions, minor encumbrances, easements or reservations of, or rights of others for, rights-of-way, servitudes, sewers, electric lines, drains, telegraph, telephone and cable television lines and other similar purposes, or zoning, building codes or other
restrictions (including minor defects and irregularities in title and similar encumbrances) as to the use of real properties or Liens incidental to the conduct of the business of such Person or to the ownership of its properties which were not
incurred in connection with Indebtedness and other similar charges or encumbrances in respect of real property that do not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Issuers or any of their Subsidiaries; 

(g) any interest or title of a lessor under any lease entered into by the Issuers or any of their Subsidiaries in the
ordinary course of their business and covering only the assets so leased; 

(h) Liens arising from judgments or orders
for the payment of money (or appeal or other surety bonds relating thereto) not constituting an Event of Default; 

(i) Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under section 4-208 or 4-210 of the UCC or other similar provisions of applicable law on the items in the course of collection and (ii) in favor of a banking or other financial institution arising as a matter of common or statutory
law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution (including the right of setoff); 

(j) Liens (i) on advances of cash or cash equivalents in favor of the seller of any property to be acquired in an
Investment permitted by this Indenture to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment or other acquisition, and (ii) consisting of an agreement to dispose of any property in a disposition permitted by this Indenture, in each case,
solely to the extent such Investment or other acquisition or disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien or on the date of any contract for such Investment or disposition; 

(k) Liens that are customary contractual rights of setoff or bankers liens (i) relating to the establishment
of depository relations with banks or other deposit-taking financial institutions in the ordinary course and not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (ii) relating to pooled deposit, automatic clearinghouse accounts or sweep
accounts of Parent, the Issuers or any of their Subsidiaries to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of Parent, the Issuers or any of their Subsidiaries or (iii) relating to securities
accounts of Parent, the Issuers or any of their Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business of Parent, the Issuers or any of their Subsidiaries; 

-38- 

(l) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the
financing of the premiums with respect thereto; 

(m) customary rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar
rights in joint venture agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) customary Liens of an
indenture trustee on money or property held or collected by it to secure fees, expenses and indemnities owing to it by any obligor under an indenture; 

(o) Liens on real estate assets where Parent, an Issuer or any of their Subsidiaries is insured against such Liens by
title insurance; 

(p) the interests of lessees and lessors under leases or subleases of, and the interest of managers
or operators with respect to, real or personal property made in the ordinary course of business or consistent with industry norms; 

(q) Liens securing assessments or charges payable to a property owner association or similar entity, which assessments
are not yet due and payable or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, and for which adequate reserves with respect thereto, to the extent required by GAAP, are maintained on the books of the applicable
Person; 

(r) Liens on a real estate asset acquired by the Issuers or any of their Subsidiaries after the Issue Date
and which are in place at the time such real estate asset is so acquired and not created in contemplation of such acquisition; 

(s) Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statements; 

(t) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in
connection with the importation of goods; or 

(u) security given to a public utility or any municipality or
governmental authority when required by such utility or authority in connection with the operations of that Person in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice or industry norms. 

Unrestricted Definitive Notes means, individually and collectively, each of the Dollar Unrestricted Definitive Notes and
the Euro Unrestricted Definitive Notes. 

Unrestricted Global Notes means, individually and collectively, each of the
Dollar Unrestricted Global Notes and the Euro Unrestricted Global Notes. 

Unrestricted Subsidiary means: 

(a) any Subsidiary of the Issuers that at the time of determination shall be designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary by the
Board of Directors of Parent in the manner provided below; and 

(b) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary.

-39- 

Except during a Suspension Period, the Board of Directors of Parent may designate any
Restricted Subsidiary (including any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary of the Issuers) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless (i) such Subsidiary is a Subsidiary Pledgor or a Notes Pledged Subsidiary or (ii) such Subsidiary owns
any Capital Stock of, or owns or holds any Lien on any property of, Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, however, that: 

(x) any Guarantee by Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness of the Subsidiary being so
designated shall be deemed an Incurrence of such Indebtedness and an Investment by Parent or such Restricted Subsidiary (or all, if applicable) at the time of such designation; 

(y) either (i) the Subsidiary to be so designated has total assets of $1,000 or less or (ii) if such Subsidiary
has assets greater than $1,000, such designation would be permitted under Section 4.07; and 

(z) if applicable,
the Incurrence of Indebtedness and the Investment referred to in clause (x) above would be permitted under Section 4.07. 

The
Board of Directors of Parent may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that: 

(i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of or after giving effect to such
designation; and 

(ii) all Indebtedness of such Unrestricted Subsidiary outstanding immediately after such
designation would, if Incurred at such time, have been permitted to be Incurred (and shall be deemed to have been Incurred) for all purposes of this Indenture. 

Any such designation by the Board of Directors of Parent shall be evidenced to the Trustee by promptly filing with the Trustee a copy of the
Board Resolution giving effect to such designation and an Officers Certificate certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing provisions. 

Unsecured Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of Parent or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is not Secured
Indebtedness. 

U.S. Credit Agreement means the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as
of January 15, 2021, among Medical Properties Trust, Inc., MPT Operating Partnership, L.P., the several lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, and the U.S. Credit Agreement Agent, together with the
related documents thereto (including any guarantee agreements and security documents), as amended, as such agreement may be amended, modified, supplemented, restated, extended, renewed, refinanced, replaced or substituted from time to time in one or
more agreements or instruments (in each case with the same or new lenders, investors, purchasers or other debtholders), including pursuant to any agreement extending the maturity thereof or otherwise restructuring all or any portion of the
Indebtedness thereunder or increasing the amount loaned or issued thereunder in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $1,480,000,000 together with any increase so long as, at the time of such increase (or commitment in respect thereof) and
after giving effect to the use of proceeds thereof that occurs substantially concurrently with such increase and any other pro forma adjustments set forth in the definition of LTV Condition, the LTV Condition is satisfied, and any
Permitted Refinancing thereof. 

-40- 

U.S. Credit Agreement Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its
capacity as administrative agent under the U.S. Credit Agreement, and any replacement thereof as permitted by the terms of the U.S. Credit Agreement or any Permitted Refinancing thereof. 

U.S. Dollar Equivalent means with respect to any monetary amount in a currency other than U.S. dollars,
at any time for determination thereof, the amount of U.S. dollars obtained by converting such foreign currency involved in such computation into U.S. dollars at the spot rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with the applicable foreign currency as
published in The Wall Street Journal in the Exchange Rates column under the heading Currency Trading at the time specified herein. 

U.S. Domestic Restricted Subsidiary means any Restricted Subsidiary that is existing under the laws of the United States or
any state of the United States or the District of Columbia. 

U.S. Government Obligations means direct obligations of,
obligations guaranteed by, or participations in pools consisting solely of obligations of or obligations guaranteed by, the United States of America for the payment of which obligations or guarantee the full faith and credit of the United States of
America is pledged and that are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof. 

U.S. Person means a
U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k) under the Securities Act. 

Voting Stock means with respect to any Person, Capital
Stock of any class or kind ordinarily having the power to vote for the election of directors, managers or other voting members of the governing body of such Person. 

Wholly Owned means, with respect to any Subsidiary of any Person, the ownership of all of the outstanding Capital Stock of
such Subsidiary (other than any directors qualifying shares or Investments by individuals mandated by applicable law) by such Person or one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, 

(i) in relation to any Bail-In Legislation described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule from time to time, the powers described as such in relation to that Bail-In Legislation in the EU Bail-In
Legislation Schedule; and 

(ii) any powers under the Bail-In Legislation to
cancel, transfer or dilute shares issued by a person that is a bank or investment firm or other financial institution or affiliate of a bank, investment firm or other financial institution, to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability
of such a person or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is
to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of
those powers; and any similar or analogous powers under that Bail-In Legislation. 

Section 1.02.Other Definitions. 

Term Defined in

Section

Acceptable Commitment 4.10(c)

Additional Amounts 3.11

-41- 

Term Defined in

Section

Applicable AML Law 13.18

Applicable Premium Deficit 8.04(a)

Asset Sale Offer 4.10(e)

Authentication Agent 2.02

Authentication Order 2.02

Change of Control Offer 4.14

Change of Control Payment 4.14

Change of Control Payment Date 4.14(b)

Collateral Document Order 12.05(c)

Covenant Defeasance 8.03

Covenant Satisfaction Officers Certificate 6.02

Debt Consideration 4.10(b)

Directing Holder 6.02

Dollar Paying Agent 2.03

Dollar Registrar 2.03

Dollar Transfer Agent 2.03

DTC 2.03

ERISA 2.06(h)

Euro Paying Agent 2.03

Euro Registrar 2.03

Euro Transfer Agent 2.03

Event of Default 6.01(a)

Excess Proceeds 4.10(c)

Excess Proceeds Cap 4.10(d)

Final Decision 6.02

Foreign Disposition 4.10(d)

incur and incurrence 4.09(a)

Initial Default 6.02

Indemnified Parties 7.06

Legal Defeasance 8.02

Note Register 2.03

Noteholder Direction 6.02

Offer Amount 3.08(b)

Offer Period 3.08(b)

Paying Agent 2.03

Position Representation 6.02

Purchase Date 3.08(b)

Redemption Date 3.01

Refunding Capital Stock 4.07(b)(iv)

Registrar 2.03

Regulation 10.06

Related Person 12.07(b)

Reserved Indebtedness Amount 4.09

Restricted Amount 4.10(i)

Restricted Payments 4.07(a)(iv)

Reversion Date 4.17(c)

Suspended Covenant 4.17(a)

Suspension Period 4.17(c)

Tax Jurisdiction 3.11

-42- 

Term Defined in

Section

Tax Redemption Date 3.10

Transfer Agent 2.03

Verification Covenant 6.02

Verification Officers Certificate 6.02

Section 1.03.Rules of Construction. Unless the context otherwise
requires: 

(a) a term has the meaning assigned to it; 

(b) an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it in accordance with GAAP; 

(c) or is not exclusive; 

(d) the words including, includes and similar words shall be deemed to be followed by without
limitation; 

(e) words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the singular; 

(f) shall and will shall be interpreted to express a command; 

(g) provisions apply to successive events and transactions; 

(h) references to sections of, or rules under, the Securities Act or the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include substitute, replacement
or successor sections or rules adopted by the SEC from time to time; 

(i) unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to an
Article, Section or clause refers to an Article, Section or clause, as the case may be, of this Indenture; 

(j) the words herein, hereof and hereunder and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture
as a whole and not any particular Article, Section, clause or other subdivision; 

(k) the principal amount of any non-interest bearing or other discount security at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be shown on a balance sheet of the Issuer dated such date prepared in accordance with GAAP; 

(l) words used herein implying any gender shall apply to both genders; 

(m) in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from
and including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word through means to and including; and 

(n) the principal amount of any Preferred Stock at any time shall be (i) the maximum liquidation value of such Preferred Stock at
such time or (ii) the maximum mandatory redemption or mandatory repurchase price with respect to such Preferred Stock at such time, whichever is greater. 

-43- 

Section 1.04.Acts of Holders. 

(a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or
taken by Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by an agent duly appointed in writing. Except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall
become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Issuers. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent, or the holding by any
Person of a Note, shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 7.01 hereof) conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Issuers, if made in the manner provided in this Section 1.04. 

(b) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of
such execution or by the certificate of any notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to him the execution thereof. Where such
execution is by or on behalf of any legal entity other than an individual, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute proof of the authority of the Person executing the same. The fact and date of the execution of any such instrument or
writing, or the authority of the Person executing the same, may also be proved in any other manner that the Trustee deems sufficient. 

(c) The ownership of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register. 

(d) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Note shall bind every
future Holder of the same Note and the Holder of every Note issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by the Trustee, the Notes Collateral Agent,
any Agent, or the Issuers in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Note. 

(e) The Issuers (or,
in the case of direction to be given to the Trustee, the Trustee) may set a record date for purposes of determining the identity of Holders entitled to give any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver, or take any other
act, or to vote or consent to any action by vote or consent authorized or permitted to be given or taken by Holders. Unless otherwise specified, if not set by the Issuers prior to the first solicitation of a Holder made by any Person in respect of
any such action, or in the case of any such vote, prior to such vote, any such record date shall be the later of 10 days prior to the first solicitation of such consent or the date of the most recent list of Holders furnished to the Trustee prior to
such solicitation. 

(f) Without limiting the foregoing, a Holder entitled to take any action hereunder with regard to any particular
Note may do so with regard to all or any part of the principal amount of such Note or by one or more duly appointed agents, each of which may do so pursuant to such appointment with regard to all or any part of such principal amount. Any notice
given or action taken by a Holder or its agents with regard to different parts of such principal amount pursuant to this Section 1.04(f) shall have the same effect as if given or taken by separate Holders of each such different part. 

(g) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a Holder, including DTC and the Euro Note Depositary, that is a Holder of a Dollar
Global Note or a Euro Global Note, as applicable, may make, give or take, by a proxy or proxies duly appointed in writing, any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided in this Indenture to be made,
given or taken by Holders, and any Person that is a Holder of a Global Note, including DTC and the Euro Note Depositary, may provide its proxy or proxies to the beneficial owners of interests in any such Dollar Global Note or Euro Global Note, as
applicable, through such Depositarys standing instructions and customary practices. 

-44- 

(h) The Issuers may fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Persons who
are beneficial owners of interests in any Dollar Global Note held by DTC or any Euro Global Note held by the Euro Note Depositary entitled under the procedures of such Depositary to make, give or take, by a proxy or proxies duly appointed in
writing, any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided in this Indenture to be made, given or taken by Holders. If such a record date is fixed, the Holders on such record date or their duly appointed
proxy or proxies, and only such Persons, shall be entitled to make, give or take such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action, whether or not such Holders remain Holders after such record date. No such
request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action shall be valid or effective if made, given or taken more than 120 days after such record date. 

(i) For purposes of calculating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or any Series thereof that have consented to or voted in favor
of any act, amendment, supplement, consent or waiver, or have directed the Trustee, the Notes Collateral Agent or any other Agent to take any action under and in accordance with this Indenture in respect of any such act, amendment, supplement,
consent or waiver in respect of which all Notes vote together as a single class, the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the principal amount of Euro Notes shall be calculated as of 11:00 a.m. on the Business Day before the record date for such act,
amendment, supplement, consent, waiver or direction (or, if there is no such record date, as of 11:00 a.m. on the Business Day before the date when such act, consent or waiver is taken or direction is given). For purposes of allocating any payments
or distributions of U.S. dollars ratably to the holders of Notes in accordance with this Indenture, the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the amounts to be paid or distributed to Holders of Euro Notes shall be calculated as of 11:00 a.m. on the
Business Day before the record date for such payment or distribution (or, if there is no such record date, as of 11:00 a.m. on the Business Day before the date such payments or distribution is to be made). With respect to any matter requiring
consent, waiver, approval or other action of the Holders of a specified percentage of the principal amount of the Notes as a whole or any Series of Notes, such percentage shall be calculated, on the relevant date of determination, by dividing
(i) the principal amount, as of such date of determination, of Notes or Series of Notes, as applicable, the Holders of which have so consented by (ii) the aggregate principal amount, as of such date of determination, of the Notes or Series
of Notes, as applicable, then outstanding, in each case, as determined in accordance with this Section 1.04(i), Section 2.08 and Section 2.09 of this Indenture. Any such calculation made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be
made by the Issuers and delivered to the Trustee pursuant to an Officers Certificate. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee may request, and shall be entitled to rely upon, and if so requested, the Issuer
shall provide, an Officers Certificate of the Issuer setting forth the U.S. Dollar Equivalent for any calculation, payment or other purpose required hereunder. 

Section 1.05.Timing of Payment. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if the date on which
any payment is to be made pursuant to this Indenture or the Notes is not a Business Day, the payment otherwise payable on such date shall be payable on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on such scheduled date
and (provided such payment is made on such succeeding Business Day) no interest shall accrue on the amount of such payment from and after such scheduled date to the time of such payment on such next succeeding Business Day and the amount of
any such payment that is an interest payment will reflect accrual only through the original payment date and not through the next succeeding Business Day. 

Section 1.06.[Reserved]

Section 1.07.Certain Compliance Calculations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Indenture, to the extent that the terms in this Indenture require (a) compliance with any financial ratio or test (including, without limitation, the Interest Coverage Ratio or Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio test or Total Unencumbered Assets
test) and/or any cap expressed as a percentage of Adjusted Total Assets or 

-45- 

(b) the absence of a Default or Event of Default (or any type of Default or Event of Default), as a condition to the consummation of a Limited Condition Acquisition, the date of
determination of such ratio, test, cap expressed as a percentage of Adjusted Total Assets, Default and/or Event of Default (or any type of Default or Event of Default) shall, at the election of the Issuers, be the date of the execution of the
definitive agreement with respect to such Limited Condition Acquisition, after giving effect to such Limited Condition Acquisition and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any Incurrence of Indebtedness and
the use of proceeds thereof) and such ratios or tests or caps or Defaults or Events of Default shall be calculated on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Limited Condition Acquisition (including the pro forma adjustments described in the
definition of Interest Coverage Ratio) as if they had occurred at the beginning of the applicable period, and for the avoidance of doubt, (i) if any such ratios are exceeded as a result of fluctuations in such ratio (including due
to fluctuations in Consolidated EBITDA or the consolidated results of operations of the target company) at or prior to the consummation of the relevant Limited Condition Acquisition, such ratios will not be deemed to have been exceeded as a result
of such fluctuations solely for purposes of determining whether the Limited Condition Acquisition is permitted hereunder and (ii) such ratios shall not be tested at the time of consummation of such Limited Condition Acquisition or related
transactions; provided, however, that (A) if any ratio or cap expressed as a percentage of Adjusted Total Assets improves as a result of such fluctuations, any such improved ratio or cap may be utilized and (B) if the Issuers
elect to have such determination occur at the time of entry into the definitive agreement, any such transactions (including any Incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) shall be deemed to have occurred on the date the definitive
agreements for the applicable Limited Condition Acquisition are entered into and outstanding thereafter for purposes of calculating any baskets or ratios under this Indenture after the date of such definitive agreements and before the consummation
of such Limited Condition Acquisition unless and until such Limited Condition Acquisition has been abandoned, as determined by the Issuers, prior to the consummation thereof. 

Section 1.08.Luxembourg Terms. In this Indenture and any Security Document, where it relates to an
entity incorporated or established in Luxembourg, a reference to: (a) winding up, administration, reorganization or dissolution includes, without limitation, a Luxembourg entity being declared bankrupt (faillite
dclare), being subject to liquidation judiciaire, a suspension of payments (sursis de paiement), a general settlement with creditors, an out-of-court restructuring (rorganisation par accord amiable) or in court restructuring (rorganisation judiciaire) under the Luxembourg law dated
August 7, 2023 on business continuity and the modernisation of bankruptcy, an administrative dissolution without liquidation procedure (procdure de dissolution administrative sans liquidation), or a voluntary
dissolution or liquidation (dissolution ou liquidation volontaire); (c) an agent includes, without limitation, a mandataire; (d) a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, conservator, custodian, trustee in
bankruptcy, court appointed liquidator or similar officeholder, without limitation, a juge dlgu, commissaire, juge-commissaire, liquidateur, expert
vrificateur, conciliateur dentreprise, mandataire de justice, or administrateur provisoire appointed under the Luxembourg law dated August 7, 2023 on business continuity and the
modernization of bankruptcy, or curateur or any other person performing the same function of each of the foregoing; (e) an amount that is due and/or payable includes, without limitation, any obligation that is exigible,
certaine and liquide; (f) a lien, security or security interest includes, without limitation, any hypothque, nantissement, privilge, accord de transfert de
proprit titre de garantie, gage, gage sur fonds de commerce, droit de rtention and any type of security in rem
(sret relle) or agreement or arrangement having a similar effect and any transfer of title by way of security, and shares includes parts sociales; (g) a person being
insolvent means that person being in a state of inability to pay its debts includes, without limitation, that person being in a state of cessation of payments (cessation des paiements) and having lost or meeting the criteria to lose its
commercial creditworthiness (branlement de crdit); (i) a set-off includes a legal set-off; (j) constituent
documents includes its up-to-date (as amended, restated or amended and restated) articles of association (statuts or statuts
coordonns, as the case may be), limited partnership agreement or partnership agreement; (k) a 

-46- 

director, officer or manager includes a grant or an administrateur or, in case of a partnership, the general partner (associ commandit) of such
partnership and any director or manager of such general partner and (l) references to a Luxembourg special limited partnership (socit en commandite spciale) taking any action or having any power or authority are
to such partnership acting through and represented by its managing general partner (associs grant commandit). 

Section 1.09.Jersey Terms. In this Indenture and any Security Document, where it relates to an entity
incorporated or established in Jersey, a reference to: (a) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor, winding up, liquidation, administration, re-organisation, dissolution,
insolvency event or insolvency includes, without limitation, bankruptcy (as that term is interpreted pursuant to Article 8 of the Interpretation (Jersey) Law 1954), a compromise or arrangement of the type referred to in Article 125 of the Companies
(Jersey) Law 1991 and any procedure or process referred to in Part 21 of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, (b) a liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory
manager or the like includes, without limitation, the Viscount of the Royal Court of Jersey, Autoriss or any other person performing the same function of each of the foregoing, (c) Security or a security
interest includes, without limitation, any hypothque, whether conventional, judicial or arising by the operation of law and any security interest created pursuant to the Security Interests (Jersey) Law 1983 or Security Interests
(Jersey) Law 2012 and any related legislation; (d) Subsidiary means a subsidiary within the meaning of articles 2 and 2A of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 and (e) any analogous proceedings or step being taken in connection with
insolvency includes any corporate action, legal proceedings or other formal procedure or formal step being taken in relation to an application for a declaration of en dsastre being made in respect of any such entity or
any of its assets (or the making of such declaration). 

ARTICLE 2 

THE NOTES 

Section 2.01.Form and Dating; Terms. 

(a) General. 

(i) The Dollar Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication shall be substantially in the form of
Exhibit A-1 hereto. The Dollar Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rules or usage. Each Dollar Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The
Dollar Notes shall be issued in minimum denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. 

(ii) The Euro Notes and the Authenticating Agents certificate of authentication shall be substantially in the form
of Exhibit A-2 hereto. The Euro Notes may have notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rules or usage. Each Euro Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The Euro
Notes shall be issued in minimum denominations of 100,000 and any integral multiple of 1,000 in excess thereof. 

(b) Global Notes. 

(i) Dollar Notes issued in global form shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto, including the Dollar Global Note Legend thereon and the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto. Dollar Notes issued in definitive form shall be
substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto, but without the Dollar Global Note Legend thereon and without the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto.
Each Dollar Global Note shall represent such of the outstanding Dollar Notes as shall be 

-47- 

specified in the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto and each shall provide that it shall represent up to the aggregate principal amount of Dollar
Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Dollar Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as applicable, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. Any endorsement of a
Dollar Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Dollar Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in accordance with
instructions given by the Holder thereof as required by Section 2.06 hereof. 

(ii) Euro Notes issued in global
form shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, including the Euro Global Note Legend thereon and the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto.
Euro Notes issued in definitive form shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, but without the Euro Global Note Legend thereon and without the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in
the Global Note attached thereto. Each Euro Global Note shall represent such of the outstanding Euro Notes as shall be specified in the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached thereto and each shall provide
that it shall represent up to the aggregate principal amount of Euro Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Euro Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or increased, as
applicable, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. Any endorsement of a Euro Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Euro Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Common
Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures of the Euro Note Depositary. 

(c) Temporary Global Notes. 

(i) Dollar Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S shall be issued initially in the form of the Regulation S
Temporary Global Note, which shall be deposited on behalf of the purchasers of the Dollar Notes represented thereby with the Trustee, as Custodian for the Dollar Note Depositary and registered in the name of the Dollar Note Depositary or the nominee
of the Dollar Note Depositary for the accounts of designated agents holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, duly executed by the Issuers and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter provided. 

(ii) Euro Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S shall be issued initially in the form of the Regulation S
Temporary Global Note, which shall be deposited on behalf of the purchasers of the Euro Notes represented thereby and registered in the name of the Common Depositary or the nominee of the Common Depositary for the accounts of designated agents
holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, duly executed by the Issuers and authenticated by the Authentication Agent (as defined below) as hereinafter provided. 

Following the termination of the applicable Restricted Period, the Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend shall be deemed removed from the
Regulation S Temporary Global Note for each such Series of Notes, following which temporary beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note shall automatically become beneficial interests in the Regulation S Permanent Global Note of
the same Series of Notes pursuant to the Applicable Procedures. 

The aggregate principal amount of a Regulation S Temporary Global Note
for each Series of Notes and a Regulation S Permanent Global Note of the same Series of Notes may from time to time be increased or decreased by adjustments made on the records of the applicable Registrar and/or applicable Paying Agent and the
applicable Depositary or their respective nominees, as the case may be, in connection with transfers of interest as hereinafter provided. 

-48- 

(d) Terms. The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated
and delivered under this Indenture consists of the principal amount of the Initial Notes issued on the Issue Date and the principal amount of any Additional Notes permitted to be issued under this Indenture from time to time. 

The terms and provisions contained in the Notes shall constitute, and are hereby expressly made, a part of this Indenture and the Issuers, the
Guarantors, the Agents and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, or a supplemental indenture to this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the extent any provision of
any Note conflicts with the express provisions of this Indenture, the provisions of this Indenture shall govern and be controlling. 

The
Notes shall be subject to repurchase by the Issuers pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer as provided in Section 4.10 hereof or a Change of Control Offer as provided in Section 4.14 hereof. The Notes shall not be redeemable, other than as
provided in Article 3 hereof. 

Subject to compliance with Section 4.09 and Section 4.12 hereof, the Issuers may issue Additional
Dollar Notes from time to time ranking pari passu with the Initial Dollar Notes without notice to or consent of the Holders, and such Additional Dollar Notes shall be consolidated with and form a single class with the Initial Dollar Notes
(except as otherwise provided for herein) and shall have the same terms as to status, redemption or otherwise as the Initial Dollar Notes, except that interest may accrue on the Additional Dollar Notes from their date of issuance (or such other date
specified by the Issuers); provided, however, that a separate CUSIP or ISIN will be issued for the Additional Dollar Notes, unless the Initial Dollar Notes and the Additional Dollar Notes are treated as fungible for U.S. federal income
tax purposes. Any Additional Dollar Notes may be issued with the benefit of an indenture supplemental to this Indenture. 

Subject to
compliance with Section 4.09 and Section 4.12 hereof, the Issuers may issue Additional Euro Notes from time to time ranking pari passu with the Initial Euro Notes without notice to or consent of the Holders, and such Additional Euro
Notes shall be consolidated with and form a single class with the Initial Euro Notes (except as otherwise provided for herein) and shall have the same terms as to status, redemption or otherwise as the Initial Euro Notes, except that interest may
accrue on the Additional Euro Notes from their date of issuance (or such other date specified by the Issuers); provided, however, that a separate Common Code or ISIN will be issued for the Additional Euro Notes, unless the Initial Euro
Notes and the Additional Euro Notes are treated as fungible for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any Additional Euro Notes may be issued with the benefit of an indenture supplemental to this Indenture. 

(e) Euroclear and Clearstream Procedures Applicable. The provisions of the Operating Procedures of the Euroclear
System and Terms and Conditions Governing Use of Euroclear and the General Terms and Conditions of Clearstream Banking and Customer Handbook of Clearstream shall be applicable to transfers of beneficial
interests in the Global Notes that are held by Participants through Euroclear or Clearstream. 

Section 2.02.Execution and Authentication. At least one Officer of each Issuer shall execute the Notes
on behalf of the Issuer by manual, facsimile or electronic (including .pdf) signature. 

If an Officer of an Issuer whose
signature is on a Note no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates the Note, the Note shall nevertheless be valid. 

-49- 

A Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory
for any purpose until authenticated substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto (in the case of the Dollar Notes) or Exhibit A-2 (in the case of the
Euro Notes), in each case, by the manual signature of the Trustee or an Authentication Agent. The signature shall be conclusive evidence that the Note has been duly authenticated and delivered under this Indenture. 

On the Issue Date, the Trustee will, upon receipt of the Issuers Order (an Authentication Order), authenticate and
deliver $1,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Initial Dollar Notes and the Authentication Agent with respect to the Euro Notes shall, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, authenticate and deliver 1,000,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of the Initial Euro Notes. In addition, at any time, from time to time, the Trustee or the Authentication Agent will, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, authenticate and deliver any Additional Notes for an aggregate principal
amount specified in such Authentication Order for such Additional Notes issued or increased hereunder. 

Upon the request of the Issuers,
the Trustee shall, and, if the Trustee so chooses, the Trustee may, appoint an authentication agent (an Authentication Agent) acceptable to the Issuers to authenticate Notes. The Authentication Agent may authenticate Notes
whenever the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. The Authentication Agent has the same rights as an Agent to deal with Holders or an Affiliate of the Issuers.
The Issuers hereby direct the Trustee to appoint, and the Trustee hereby appoints pursuant to such direction, U.S. Bank Europe DAC to act as the Authentication Agent with respect to all Euro Notes. The Trustee shall have no liability for such
appointment or for the actions of such Authenticating Agent. 

Section 2.03.Registrars, Transfer Agents
and Paying Agents. The Issuers shall maintain (a) one or more registrars with respect to the Dollar Notes and the Euro Notes where the Notes may be presented for registration (each, a Registrar and the Registrar for the
Dollar Notes, the Dollar Registrar and the Registrar for the Euro Notes, the Euro Registrar), which shall be as of the date of this Indenture Wilmington Trust, National Association with respect to the Dollar
Notes and U.S. Bank Europe DAC with respect to the Euro Notes, (b) one or more offices or agencies where the Dollar Notes or the Euro Notes, as applicable, may be presented for transfer or for exchange (each, a Transfer Agent
and the Transfer Agent for the Dollar Notes, the Dollar Transfer Agent and the Transfer Agent for the Euro Notes, the Euro Transfer Agent)), which shall be as of the date of this Indenture Wilmington Trust,
National Association with respect to the Dollar Notes and U.S. Bank Europe DAC with respect to the Euro Notes and (c) one or more offices or agencies where the Dollar Notes or the Euro Notes, as applicable, may be presented for payment (each, a
Paying Agent and the Paying Agent for the Dollar Notes, the Dollar Paying Agent and the Paying Agent for the Euro Notes, the Euro Paying Agent), which shall be as of the date of this Indenture
Wilmington Trust, National Association with respect to the Dollar Notes and U.S. Bank Europe DAC with respect to the Euro Notes. The Registrar shall keep a register of the Dollar Notes or the Euro Notes, as applicable (Note
Register), and of their transfer and exchange and keep such Note Register in accordance with the rules and procedures of DTC or Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable. The registered Holder of a Note will be treated as the owner of such
Note for all purposes and only registered Holders shall have rights under this Indenture and the Notes. The Issuers may appoint one or more co-registrars, one or more
co-transfer agents and one or more additional paying agents. The term Registrar includes any co-registrar, the term Transfer Agent
includes any co-transfer agent and the term Paying Agent includes any additional paying agents. The Issuers may change any Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or Registrar without prior notice to
any Holder. The Issuers shall notify the Trustee in writing of the name and address of any Agent not a party to this Indenture. If the Issuers fails to appoint or maintain another entity as Registrar, Transfer Agent or Paying Agent, the Trustee or
an affiliate of the Trustee will act as such. The Issuers or any of their Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or Registrar. 

-50- 

The Issuers initially appoint The Depository Trust Company, its nominees and successors
(DTC) to act as Dollar Note Depositary with respect to the Dollar Global Notes. The Issuers initially appoint Euroclear and Clearstream, their respective nominees and successors to act as Euro Note Depositary with respect to the
Euro Global Notes. U.S. Bank Europe DAC will initially act as the Common Depositary for the Euro Notes, and the Common Depositary for the Euro Notes shall be the Authentication Agent for the Euro Notes. 

The Issuers initially appoint Wilmington Trust, National Association to act as the Registrar, Paying Agent and Transfer Agent for the Dollar
Notes and to act as Custodian with respect to the Dollar Global Notes. The Issuers initially appoint U.S. Bank Europe DAC to act as the Registrar, Paying Agent, and Transfer Agent for the Euro Notes and to act as Custodian with respect to the Euro
Global Notes. In acting hereunder and in connection with the Notes, the Transfer Agents, the Paying Agents and the Registrars shall act solely as agents of the Issuers and will not thereby assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or
trust for or with any Holder of the Notes. 

If any Notes are listed on an exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, the Issuers
will satisfy any requirement of such exchange as to paying agents, registrars and transfer agents and will comply with any notice requirements required under such exchange in connection with any change of paying agent, registrar or transfer agent.

Section 2.04.Paying Agent to Hold Money. The Issuers shall require any Paying Agent other than
the Paying Agents appointed pursuant to Section 2.03 as of the date hereof to agree in writing that such Paying Agent shall hold in trust for the benefit of relevant Holders or the Trustee all money held by such Paying Agent for the payment of
principal, premium or Additional Amounts (as defined below), if any, or interest on the applicable Series of Notes, and will notify the Trustee in writing of any default by the Issuers in making any such payment. While any such default continues,
the Trustee may require a Paying Agent (other than the Trustee) to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. The Issuers at any time may require the Paying Agent (other than the Trustee) to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. Upon payment over
to the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other than Parent or a Subsidiary thereof or the Trustee) shall have no further liability for the money. If any of Parent or a Subsidiary thereof acts as Paying Agent, it shall segregate and hold in a separate
trust fund for the benefit of the Holders all money held by it as Paying Agent. Upon any bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings relating to the Issuers, Wilmington Trust, National Association, if then acting as Trustee, will serve as the Dollar
Paying Agent and, if the Parent or any Subsidiary thereof is then acting as Euro Paying Agent, the Issuers will promptly designate a third party institution to serve as the Euro Paying Agent. 

Section 2.05.Holder Lists. The Registrars will preserve in as current a form as is reasonably
practicable the most recent list available to it of the names and addresses of all Holders. If the Trustee is not the Registrar with respect to any Notes, the Issuers shall furnish to the Trustee at least five Business Days before each Interest
Payment Date, and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders of such Notes. 

Section 2.06.Transfer and Exchange. 

(a) Transfer and Exchange of Dollar Global Notes. Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 2.06, a Dollar Global Note
may be transferred, in whole and not in part, only to another nominee of the Dollar Note Depositary or to a successor thereto or a nominee of such successor thereto. A beneficial interest in a Dollar Global Note may not be exchanged for a Dollar
Definitive Note unless, and, if applicable, subject to the limitation on issuance of Dollar Definitive Notes set forth in Section 2.06(d)(ii), (i) the Dollar Note Depositary (x) notifies the Issuers that it is unwilling or unable to

-51- 

continue as Dollar Note Depositary for such Dollar Global Note or (y) has ceased to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, and, in either case, a successor Dollar Note
Depositary is not appointed by the Issuers within 120 days, (ii) the Issuers, at their option, notify the Trustee in writing that it elects to cause the issuance of Dollar Definitive Notes (although Regulation S Temporary Global Notes may not
be exchanged for Definitive Notes prior to (A) the expiration of the applicable Restricted Period and (B) the receipt by the applicable Registrar of any certification of beneficial ownership required pursuant to Rule 903(b)(3)(ii)(B)),
(iii) upon the request of a Holder if there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default with respect to the Dollar Notes, or (iv) the Trustee has received a written request by or on behalf of the Dollar Note Depositary to issue
Dollar Definitive Notes. Upon the occurrence of any of the events described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above, Dollar Definitive Notes delivered in exchange for any Dollar Global Note or beneficial interests therein will be registered in
the names, and issued in any approved denominations, requested by or on behalf of the Dollar Note Depositary (in accordance with its customary procedures). Dollar Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in
Sections 2.07 and 2.10 hereof. Every Dollar Note authenticated and delivered in exchange for, or in lieu of, a Dollar Global Note or any portion thereof, pursuant to this Section 2.06 or Sections 2.07 or 2.10 hereof, shall be authenticated and
delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Dollar Global Note, except for Dollar Definitive Notes issued subsequent to any of the events described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above and pursuant to Section 2.06(d) hereof. A Dollar
Global Note may not be exchanged for another Dollar Note other than as provided in this Section 2.06(a); provided, however, beneficial interests in a Dollar Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as provided in
Section 2.06(c), (d) or (g) hereof. 

(b) Transfer and Exchange of Euro Global Notes. Except as otherwise set forth
in this Section 2.06, a Euro Global Note may be transferred, in whole and not in part, only to another nominee of the Common Depositary or to a successor thereto or a nominee of such successor thereto. A beneficial interest in a Euro Global
Note may not be exchanged for a Euro Definitive Note unless, and, if applicable, subject to the limitation on issuance of Euro Definitive Notes set forth in Section 2.06(d)(ii), (i) the Euro Note Depositary (x) notifies the Issuers that it
is unwilling or unable to continue as Euro Note Depositary for such Euro Global Note or (y) has ceased to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, and, in either case, a successor Euro Note Depositary is not appointed by the
Issuers within 120 days, (ii) the Issuers, at their option, notify the Trustee in writing that it elects to cause the issuance of Euro Definitive Notes (although Regulation S Temporary Global Notes may not be exchanged for Definitive Notes
prior to (A) the expiration of the applicable Restricted Period and (B) the receipt by the applicable Registrar of any certification of beneficial ownership required pursuant to Rule 903(b)(3)(ii)(B)), (iii) upon the request of a
Holder if there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default with respect to the Euro Notes or (iv) the Trustee has received a written request by or on behalf of the Euro Note Depositary to issue Euro Definitive Notes. Upon the
occurrence of any of the events described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above, Euro Definitive Notes delivered in exchange for any Euro Global Note or beneficial interests therein will be registered in the names, and issued in any approved
denominations, requested by or on behalf of the Euro Note Depositary (in accordance with its customary procedures). Euro Global Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided in Sections 2.07 and 2.10 hereof. Every Euro
Note authenticated and delivered in exchange for, or in lieu of, a Euro Global Note or any portion thereof, pursuant to this Section 2.06 or Sections 2.07 or 2.10 hereof, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Euro
Global Note, except for Euro Definitive Notes issued subsequent to any of the events described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above and pursuant to Section 2.06(d) hereof. A Euro Global Note may not be exchanged for another Euro Note
other than as provided in this Section 2.06(b); provided, however, beneficial interests in a Euro Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as provided in Section 2.06(c), (d) or (g) hereof. 

(c) Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in the Global Notes. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the
Global Notes shall be effected through the applicable Depositary in 

-52- 

accordance with the provisions of this Indenture and the Applicable Procedures. Beneficial interests in the Restricted Global Notes shall be subject to restrictions on transfer comparable to
those set forth herein to the extent required by the Securities Act. Transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Notes also shall require compliance with either subparagraph (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below, as applicable, as well as one or
more of the other following subparagraphs, as applicable: 

(i) Transfer of Beneficial Interests in the Same Dollar
Global Note. Beneficial interests in any Dollar Restricted Global Note may be transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the same Dollar Restricted Global Note in accordance with the transfer
restrictions set forth in the applicable Private Placement Legend; provided that, prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, transfers of beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note may not be made to a U.S. Person
or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person other than pursuant to Rule 144A. Beneficial interests in any Dollar Unrestricted Global Note may be transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Dollar
Unrestricted Global Note. No written orders or instructions shall be required to be delivered to the applicable Registrar to effect the transfers described in this Section 2.06(c)(i). 

(ii) Transfer of Beneficial Interests in the Same Euro Global Note. Beneficial interests in any Euro Restricted
Global Note may be transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the same Euro Restricted Global Note in accordance with the transfer restrictions set forth in the applicable Private Placement Legend;
provided that, prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, transfers of beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note may not be made to a U.S. Person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person other than pursuant
to Rule 144A. Beneficial interests in any Euro Unrestricted Global Note may be transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Euro Unrestricted Global Note. No written orders or instructions shall be
required to be delivered to the applicable Registrar to effect the transfers described in this Section 2.06(c)(ii). 

(iii) All Other Transfers and Exchanges of Beneficial Interests in Dollar Global Notes. In connection with all
transfers and exchanges of beneficial interests in a Dollar Note that are not subject to Section 2.06(c)(i) hereof, the transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the applicable Registrar either (A) (1) a written order from a
Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Dollar Note Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Dollar Note Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in another Dollar Global Note in an
amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information regarding the Participant account to be credited with such increase or
(B) (1) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Dollar Note Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Dollar Note Depositary to cause to be issued a Dollar Definitive Note in an
amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given by the Dollar Note Depositary to the Dollar Registrar containing information regarding the Person in whose name such Dollar Definitive Note shall
be registered to effect the transfer or exchange referred to in (1) above; provided that in no event shall Dollar Definitive Notes be issued upon the transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in a Regulation S Temporary Global Note
prior to (x) the expiration of the applicable Restricted Period therefor and (y) the receipt by the applicable Registrar of any certification of beneficial ownership required pursuant to Rule 903(b)(3)(ii)(B). Upon satisfaction of all of
the requirements for transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in Dollar Global Notes contained in this Indenture and the Dollar Notes or otherwise applicable under the Securities Act, the principal amount of the relevant Dollar Global Note(s)
shall be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.06(i) hereof. 

-53- 

(iv) All Other Transfers and Exchanges of Beneficial Interests in
Euro Global Notes. In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial interests in a Euro Note that are not subject to Section 2.06(c)(ii) hereof, the transferor of such beneficial interest must deliver to the applicable Registrar
either (A) (1) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Common Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Common Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in
another Euro Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given in accordance with the Applicable Procedures containing information regarding the Participant account to be
credited with such increase or (B) (1) a written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Common Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Common Depositary to cause to be issued a Euro
Definitive Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given by the Common Depositary to the applicable Registrar containing information regarding the Person in whose name such Euro
Definitive Note shall be registered to effect the transfer or exchange referred to in (1) above; provided that in no event shall Euro Definitive Notes be issued upon the transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in a Regulation S
Temporary Global Note prior to (x) the expiration of the applicable Restricted Period therefor and (y) the receipt by the applicable Registrar of any certification of beneficial ownership required pursuant to Rule 903(b)(3)(ii)(B). Upon
satisfaction of all of the requirements for transfer or exchange of beneficial interests in Euro Global Notes contained in this Indenture and the Euro Notes or otherwise applicable under the Securities Act, the principal amount of the relevant Euro
Global Note(s) shall be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.06(i) hereof. 

(v) Transfer of Beneficial Interests to
Another Restricted Global Note. A beneficial interest in any Restricted Global Note of any Series of Notes may be transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Restricted Global Note of the
same Series of Notes if the transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.06(c)(iii) or Section 2.06(c)(iv) hereof, as applicable, and the applicable Registrar receives the following: 

(A) if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in a 144A Global Note, then the transferor
must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item
(1) thereof; or 

(B) if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial interest in a Regulation
S Global Note, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications
in item (2) thereof. 

(vi) Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in a Restricted Global Note for
Beneficial Interests in an Unrestricted Global Note. A beneficial interest in any Restricted Global Note of either Series of Notes may be exchanged by any Holder thereof for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note of the same Series
of Notes or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note of the same Series of Notes if the exchange or transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.06(c)(iii) or
Section 2.06(c)(iv) hereof, as applicable, and: 

(A) such Notes are sold or exchanged pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act; or 

-54- 

(B) the applicable Registrar receives the following: 

(1) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note of either Series of Notes proposes to exchange
such beneficial interest for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note of the same Series of Notes, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 or
Exhibit C-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item (1) (a) thereof; or 

(2) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note of either Series of Notes proposes to transfer
such beneficial interest to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note of the same Series of Notes, a certificate from such Holder in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item (4) thereof; 

and, in each such case set forth in this clause (B), if the Issuers so request or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of
Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Issuers to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer
required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. 

If any such transfer is effected pursuant to clause (A) or (B)
above at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note of the applicable Series of Notes has not yet been issued, the Issuers shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, the Trustee will
authenticate one or more Unrestricted Global Notes of the applicable Series of Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of beneficial interests transferred pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above. 

Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Note cannot be exchanged for, or transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form
of, a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note. 

(d) Transfer or Exchange of Beneficial Interests for Definitive
Notes. 

(i) Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Restricted Definitive Notes. If any holder
of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Restricted Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes or to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the
form of a Restricted Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes, then, in the case of the Dollar Restricted Definitive Notes, upon the occurrence of any of the events described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of Section 2.06(a) hereof
or, in the case of the Euro Restricted Definitive Notes, upon the occurrence of any of the events described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of Section 2.06(b) hereof, and, in each case, receipt by the applicable Registrar of the
following documentation: 

(A) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note of either Series
of Notes proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Restricted Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 or Exhibit
C-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item (2)(a) thereof; 

-55- 

(B) if such beneficial interest is being transferred to a QIB in
accordance with Rule 144A, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in
item (1) thereof; 

(C) if such beneficial interest is being transferred to a
Non-U.S. Person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item (2) thereof; 

(D) if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act in accordance with Rule 144, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the
certifications in item (3)(a) thereof; 

(E) if such beneficial interest is being transferred to the Issuers, Parent
or any of their Subsidiaries, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in
item (3)(b) thereof; or 

(F) if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the
certifications in item (3)(c) thereof; 

the Trustee or the Euro Paying Agent (as applicable) shall cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable
Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 2.06(i) hereof, and the Issuers shall execute and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, the Trustee will authenticate and send to the Person designated in the instructions a
Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes in the applicable principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note of the same Series of Notes pursuant to this Section 2.06(c) shall be
registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the applicable Registrar through instructions from, in the case of the Dollar Restricted Definitive Notes,
the Dollar Note Depositary, and, in the case of the Euro Restricted Definitive Notes, the Euro Note Depositary, and the Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee or the Euro Paying Agent as applicable shall send such Definitive Notes to the
Persons in whose names such Notes are so registered. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note of the same Series of Notes pursuant to this Section 2.06(d)(i) (except transfers pursuant to
clause (F) above) shall bear the Private Placement Legend and shall be subject to all restrictions on transfer contained therein. 

(ii) Beneficial Interests in Regulation S Temporary Global Note to Definitive Notes. Notwithstanding Sections
2.06(d)(i)(A) and (C) hereof, a beneficial interest in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note may not be exchanged for a Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes or transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a
Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes prior to (A) the expiration of the applicable Restricted Period therefor and (B) the receipt by the applicable Registrar of any certifications of beneficial ownership required pursuant to Rule
903(b)(3)(ii)(B) of the Securities Act, except in the case of a transfer pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 903 or Rule 904. 

(iii) Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. A holder of a beneficial
interest in a Restricted Global Note may exchange such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes or may transfer such 

-56- 

beneficial interest to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes only upon the occurrence of any of the events described in
clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of Section 2.06(a) hereof or the events described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of Section 2.06(b) hereof, as applicable, and if the applicable Registrar receives the following: 

(A) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest
for an Unrestricted Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 or Exhibit
C-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item (1)(b) thereof; or 

(B) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note proposes to transfer such beneficial interest
to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or
Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item (4) thereof; 

and, in each such case set forth in this subclause (iii), if the Issuers so request or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of
Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Issuers to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer
required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. 

(iv) Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted
Global Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. If any holder of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes or to transfer such beneficial
interest to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes, then, upon the occurrence of any of the events described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of Section 2.06(a) hereof or the
events described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of Section 2.06(b) hereof, as applicable, and satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2.06(c)(v) hereof, the aggregate principal amount of the applicable Global Note
shall be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 2.06(i) hereof, and the Issuers shall execute and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, the Trustee will authenticate and send to the Person designated in the instructions a Definitive Note
of the same Series of Notes in the applicable principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(d)(iv) shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denomination
or denominations as the holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the applicable Registrar through instructions from or through, in the case of Dollar Unrestricted Definitive Notes, the Dollar Note Depositary, and, in the case of Euro
Unrestricted Definitive Notes, the Euro Note Depositary, and the Participant or Indirect Participant. The Trustee will send such Definitive Notes to the Persons in whose names such Notes are so registered. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for
a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(d)(iv) shall not bear the Private Placement Legend. 

(e) Transfer and
Exchange of Definitive Notes for Beneficial Interests. 

(i) Restricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial
Interests in Restricted Global Notes.If any Holder of a Restricted Definitive Note proposes to exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note of the same Series of Notes or to transfer such Restricted

-57- 

Definitive Note to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note of the same Series of Notes, then, upon receipt by the applicable Registrar
of the following documentation: 

(A) if the holder of such Restricted Definitive Note proposes to exchange such Note
for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note of the same Series of Notes, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 or Exhibit
C-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item (2)(b) thereof; 

(B) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, a certificate
substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item (1) thereof; 

(C) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to a Non-U.S. Person
in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as
applicable, including the certifications in item (2) thereof; 

(D) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being
transferred pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in accordance with Rule 144, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item (3)(a) thereof; 

(E) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to the Issuers, Parent or any of their Subsidiaries, a
certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item (3)(b) thereof; or 

(F) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item (3)(c)
thereof, 

the Trustee or the Euro Paying Agent, as applicable, will cancel the Restricted Definitive Note and increase or cause to be increased the
aggregate principal amount of, in the case of clause (A) above, the applicable Restricted Global Note, in the case of clause (B) above, the applicable 144A Global Note, and in the case of clause (C) above, the applicable Regulation S
Global Note. 

(ii) Restricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes.A
Holder of a Restricted Definitive Note may exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note of the same Series of Notes or transfer such Restricted Definitive Note to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a
beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note of the same Series of Notes only if the applicable Registrar receives the following: 

(A) if the Holder of such Definitive Notes proposes to exchange such Notes for a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted
Global Note of the same Series of Notes, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 or Exhibit C-2 hereto, as applicable,
including the certifications in item (1)(c) thereof; or 

(B) if the Holder of such Definitive Notes proposes to
transfer such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Global Note of the same Series of Notes, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item (4) thereof; 

-58- 

and, in each such case set forth in this subclause (ii), if the Issuers so request or if
the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Issuers to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and
in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. 

Upon satisfaction of the
applicable conditions of this Section 2.06(e)(ii), the Trustee or the Euro Paying Agent, as applicable, will cancel the Restricted Definitive Note and increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of the Unrestricted Global
Note. 

(iii) Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes. A Holder of
an Unrestricted Definitive Note may exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note of the same Series of Notes or transfer such Definitive Notes to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest
in an Unrestricted Global Note of the same Series of Notes at any time. Upon receipt of a request for such an exchange or transfer, the Trustee or the Euro Paying Agent, as applicable, will cancel the applicable Unrestricted Definitive Note and
increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of one of the Unrestricted Global Notes of the same Series of Notes. 

If
any such exchange or transfer from a Definitive Note to a beneficial interest is effected pursuant to Section 2.06(e)(ii) or (iii) above at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note of the same Series of Notes has not yet been issued, the
Issuers shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, the Trustee will authenticate one or more Unrestricted Global Notes of the same Series of Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to
the principal amount of Definitive Notes so transferred. 

(f) Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive Notes.
Upon request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holders compliance with the provisions of this Section 2.06(f), the applicable Registrar shall register the transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior to such registration of
transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder shall present or surrender to the applicable Registrar the Definitive Notes duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instruction of transfer or exchange in form satisfactory to the applicable Registrar
duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney, duly authorized in writing. In addition, the requesting Holder shall provide any additional certifications, documents and information, as applicable, required pursuant to the following provisions of
this Section 2.06(f): 

(g) Restricted Definitive Notes to Restricted Definitive Notes.Any Restricted Definitive
Note may be transferred to and registered in the name of Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive Note if the applicable Registrar receives the following: 

(A) if the transfer will be made to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, then the transferor must deliver a certificate
substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item (1) thereof; 

(B) if the transfer will be made pursuant to Rule 903 or Rule 904, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the
form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, including the certifications in item (2) thereof; or 

-59- 

(C) if the transfer will be made pursuant to any other exemption from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act, then the transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as
applicable, including the certifications required by item (3) thereof, if applicable. 

(ii) Restricted
Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. Any Restricted Definitive Note may be exchanged by the Holder thereof for an Unrestricted Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes or transferred to a Person or Persons who take delivery
thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes if the applicable Registrar receives the following: 

(A) if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to exchange such Notes for an Unrestricted Definitive
Note of the same Series of Notes, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 or Exhibit C-2 hereto, as applicable, including
the certifications in item (1)(d) thereof; or 

(B) if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to
transfer such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes, a certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit
B-1 or Exhibit B-2 hereto, as applicable, hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof; 

and, in each such case set forth in this subclause (ii), if the Issuers so request, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the
Issuers to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the
Securities Act. 

(iii) Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. A Holder of
Unrestricted Definitive Notes may transfer such Notes to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note of the same Series of Notes. Upon receipt of a request to register such a transfer, the applicable Registrar
shall register the Unrestricted Definitive Notes pursuant to the instructions from the Holder thereof. 

(h) Legends. The
following legends shall appear on the face of all Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued under this Indenture unless specifically stated otherwise in the applicable provisions of this Indenture: 

(i) Private Placement Legend. 

(A) Except as permitted by subparagraph (B) below, each Global Note and each Definitive Note (and all Notes issued
in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall bear the legend in substantially the following form: 

THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED,
TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION 

-60- 

IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, REGISTRATION AS SET FORTH BELOW. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS
DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144A)) OR (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION AND (2) AGREES TO OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH NOTE PRIOR TO THE
EXPIRATION OF THE HOLDING PERIOD THEN IMPOSED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION) ONLY (A) TO ANY ISSUER OF THE NOTES, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE NOTES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (D) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT
TO REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE
ISSUERS OR THE TRUSTEES RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (D) OR (E) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM. 

Except as permitted by subparagraph (B) below, each Global Note and Definitive Note issued in a transaction exempt from registration
pursuant to Regulation S shall also bear the legend in substantially the following form: 

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND, ACCORDINGLY, NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD,
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S), EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A (RULE 144A) UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT (SO LONG AS THIS SECURITY IS ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A) TO A PERSON THE HOLDER HEREOF REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A) (A QIB) THAT PURCHASES FOR
ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ANOTHER QIB, IN EACH CASE TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE UPON RULE 144A, AND UPON DELIVERY OF THE CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED BY THE INDENTURE REFERRED TO HEREIN. 

-61- 

(B) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Global Note or Definitive Note
issued pursuant to subparagraph (c)(vi), (d)(iii), (d)(iv), (e)(ii), (e)(iii), (f)(ii) or (f)(iii) of this Section 2.06 (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof) shall not bear the Private Placement Legend. 

(ii) Dollar Global Note Legend. Each Dollar Global Note shall bear a legend in substantially the following form
(with appropriate changes in the last sentence of the first paragraph if DTC is not the Dollar Note Depositary): 

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD
BY THE DOLLAR NOTE DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (I) THE TRUSTEE
MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON AS MAY BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.06(i) OF THE INDENTURE, (II) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.06(a) OF THE INDENTURE, (III) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE
DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.11 OF THE INDENTURE AND (IV) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR DOLLAR NOTE DEPOSITARY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE ISSUERS. UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS
EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DOLLAR NOTE DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE DOLLAR NOTE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DOLLAR NOTE DEPOSITARY TO THE DOLLAR NOTE
DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DOLLAR NOTE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DOLLAR NOTE DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DOLLAR NOTE DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR DOLLAR NOTE DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, NEW YORK) (DTC) TO THE ISSUERS OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF
CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE
OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS SECURITY, THE HOLDER THEREOF WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE
REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) NO PORTION OF THE ASSETS USED BY SUCH HOLDER TO ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS SECURITY CONSTITUTES THE ASSETS OF ANY PLAN SUBJECT TO THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED
(ERISA), SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, OR NON-U.S. LAW SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO 

-62- 

SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA AND THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS) (2) THE ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS SECURITY WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A NON-EXEMPT
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR VIOLATE ANY SIMILAR LAWS. 

(iii) Euro Global Note Legend. Each Euro Global Note shall bear a legend in substantially the following form: 

THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY THE COMMON DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT
OF THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (I) THE TRUSTEE OR THE APPLICABLE PAYING AGENT MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON AS MAY BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.06(i) OF THE
INDENTURE, (II) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.06(a) OF THE INDENTURE, (III) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE DELIVERED TO THE TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.11 OF THE INDENTURE AND
(IV) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO A SUCCESSOR COMMON DEPOSITARY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE ISSUERS. UNLESS AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT
AS A WHOLE BY THE COMMON DEPOSITARY TO A NOMINEE OF THE COMMON DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE COMMON DEPOSITARY TO THE COMMON DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE COMMON DEPOSITARY OR BY THE COMMON DEPOSITARY OR ANY SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR
COMMON DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR COMMON DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMMON DEPOSITARY TO THE ISSUERS OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY
CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF U.S. BANK EUROPE DAC OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF U.S. BANK EUROPE DAC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO U.S. BANK EUROPE DAC OR SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE
REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF U.S. BANK EUROPE DAC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, U.S. BANK EUROPE DAC, HAS AN INTEREST
HEREIN. 

BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS SECURITY, THE HOLDER THEREOF WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER(1) NO
PORTION OF THE ASSETS USED BY SUCH HOLDER TO ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS SECURITY CONSTITUTES THE ASSETS OF ANY PLAN SUBJECT TO THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA), SECTION 4975 OF

-63- 

THE CODE OR ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, OR NON-U.S. LAW SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA AND THE CODE (SIMILAR LAWS) (2) THE
ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS SECURITY WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR VIOLATE ANY SIMILAR LAWS. 

(iv) Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend. The Regulation S Temporary Global Note shall bear a legend in
substantially the following form: 

THE RIGHTS ATTACHING TO THIS REGULATION S TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE, AND THE CONDITIONS AND PROCEDURES
GOVERNING ITS EXCHANGE FOR CERTIFICATED NOTES, ARE AS SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE (AS DEFINED HEREIN). 

(i) Cancellation and/or
Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all beneficial interests in a particular Global Note have been exchanged for Definitive Notes of the same Series of Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased or cancelled in
whole and not in part, each such Global Note shall be returned to or retained and cancelled by the Trustee in accordance with Section 2.11 hereof. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged
for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note of the same Series of Notes or for Definitive Notes of the same Series of Notes, the principal amount of Notes represented by
such Global Note shall be reduced accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or, in the case of Dollar Global Notes, by the Dollar Note Depositary, or, in the case of Euro Global Notes, by the Common Depositary,
at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such reduction; and if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in another Global Note, such other Global
Note shall be increased accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or, in the case of Dollar Global Notes, by the Dollar Note Depositary, or, in the case of Euro Global Notes, by the Common Depositary, at the
direction of the Trustee to reflect such increase. 

(j) General Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges. 

(i) To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Issuers shall execute and the Trustee will authenticate
Global Notes and Definitive Notes upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof or at the applicable Registrars request. 

(ii) No service charge shall be made to a holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note or to a Holder of a Definitive
Note for any registration of transfer or exchange, but the Issuers may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable in connection therewith (other than any such transfer taxes or similar
governmental charge payable upon exchange or transfer pursuant to Sections 2.07, 2.10, 3.06, 3.08, 4.10, 4.14 and 9.04 hereof). 

(iii) Neither the applicable Registrar nor the Issuers shall be required (A) to issue, to register the transfer of
or to exchange any Notes during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the delivery of a notice of redemption of the Notes to be redeemed under Section 3.03 hereof and ending at the close of business on the day such notice
of redemption is sent, (B) to register the transfer of or to exchange any Note so selected for redemption in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part, (C) to register the transfer or exchange of a
Note between a Record Date and the next succeeding Interest Payment Date or (D) to register the transfer or exchange of any Notes tendered (and not withdrawn) for repurchase in connection with a Change of Control Offer or an Asset Sale Offer.

-64- 

(iv) Neither the applicable Registrar nor the Issuers shall be
required to register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part; provided that new Notes will only be issued in minimum denominations of
$2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof with respect to Dollar Notes and in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof with respect to Euro Notes. 

(v) All Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Global Notes or
Definitive Notes of the same Series of Notes shall be the valid obligations of the Issuers, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Global Notes or Definitive Notes surrendered upon such registration
of transfer or exchange. 

(vi) Prior to due presentment for the registration of a transfer of any Note, the Trustee,
any Agent and the Issuers shall deem and treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered as the absolute owner of such Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of (and premium, and Additional Amounts, if any) and interest on such
Notes and for all other purposes, and none of the Trustee, any Agent or the Issuers shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 

(vii) Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note at the office or agency of the Issuers designated pursuant
to Section 4.02 hereof, the Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee will authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more replacement Notes of any authorized denomination or denominations of a like
aggregate principal amount. 

(viii) At the option of the Holder, subject to Section 2.06(a) hereof, Notes may be
exchanged for other Notes of the same Series of Notes of any authorized denomination or denominations of a like aggregate principal amount upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at such office or agency. Whenever any Global Notes or Definitive
Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee will authenticate and deliver, the replacement Global Notes and Definitive Notes of the same Series of Notes which the Holder making the exchange is entitled to in
accordance with the provisions of Section 2.02 hereof. 

(ix) All certifications, certificates and Opinions of
Counsel required to be submitted pursuant to this Section 2.06 to effect a registration of transfer or exchange may be submitted by facsimile. 

(x) None of the Issuers, the Trustee or the Agents shall have any responsibility or obligation to any beneficial owner in
a Global Note, a Participant, an Indirect Participant or other Person with respect to the accuracy of the records of the applicable Depositary or their respective nominees or of any Participant, with respect to any ownership interest in the Notes or
with respect to the delivery to any Participant, Indirect Participant, beneficial owner or other Person (other than the Dollar Note Depositary in the case of Dollar Notes and the Euro Note Depositary in the case of Euro Notes) of any notice
(including any notice of redemption) or the payment of any amount, under or with respect to such Notes. All notices and communications to be given to the Holders and all payments to be made to Holders under the Notes and this Indenture shall be
given or made only to or upon the order of the registered Holders (which shall be the Dollar Note 

-65- 

Depositary or its nominee in the case of a Dollar Global Note and the Euro Note Depositary or its nominee in the case of a Euro Global Note). The rights of beneficial owners in a Global Note
shall be exercised only through the Dollar Note Depositary in the case of Dollar Global Notes and the Euro Note Depositary in the case of Euro Global Notes, subject to the Applicable Procedures. The Issuers, the Trustee and the Agents shall be
entitled to rely and shall be fully protected in relying upon information furnished by the Dollar Note Depositary in the case of Dollar Global Notes and the Euro Note Depositary in the case of Euro Global Notes with respect to their respective
members, participants and any beneficial owners. The Issuers, the Trustee and the Agents shall be entitled to deal with the Dollar Note Depositary in the case of Dollar Global Notes and the Euro Note Depositary in the case of Euro Global Notes, and
any nominee thereof, that is the registered Holder of any Global Note for all purposes of this Indenture relating to such Global Note (including the payment of principal, premium and Additional Amounts, if any, and interest, and the giving of
instructions or directions by or to the owner or holder of a beneficial ownership interest in such Global Note) as the sole Holder of such Global Note and shall have no obligations to the beneficial owners thereof. None of the Issuers, Trustee or
Agents shall have any responsibility or liability for any acts or omissions of the Dollar Note Depositary in the case of Dollar Global Notes and the Euro Note Depositary in the case of Euro Global Notes with respect to such Global Note, for the
records of any such depositary, including records in respect of beneficial ownership interests in respect of any such Global Note, for any transactions between the Dollar Note Depositary in the case of Dollar Global Notes and the Euro Note
Depositary in the case of Euro Global Notes and any Participant or between or among the Dollar Note Depositary in the case of Dollar Global Notes and the Euro Note Depositary in the case of Euro Global Notes, any such Participant and/or any Holder
or owner of a beneficial interest in such Global Note, or for any transfers of beneficial interests in any such Global Note. All notices and communications to be given to the Holders of the Notes and all payments to be made to Holders under the
Notes shall be given or made only to the registered Holders of the Notes (which shall be the Dollar Note Depositary in the case of Dollar Global Notes and the Euro Note Depositary in the case of Euro Global Note or its nominee in the case of a
Global Note). The rights of beneficial owners in any Global Note shall be exercised only through the applicable Depositary subject to the applicable rules and procedures of such Depositary. The Trustee may rely and shall be fully protected in
relying upon information furnished by the Depositary with respect to its members, participants and any beneficial owners. 

(xi) Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Global Note, nothing herein shall prevent the Issuers, the
Trustee, any Agent, or any other agent of the Issuers or the Trustee from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by any Dollar Note Depositary in the case of Dollar Global Notes and Euro Note Depositary in
the case of Euro Global Notes (or its nominee), as a Holder, with respect to such Global Note or shall impair, as between such Dollar Note Depositary in the case of Dollar Global Notes or such Euro Note Depositary in the case of Euro Global Notes
and owners of beneficial interests in such Global Note, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of such Dollar Note Depositary in the case of Dollar Global Notes or such Euro Note Depositary in the case of Euro
Global Notes (or its nominee) as Holder of such Global Note. 

(xii) None of the Trustee or the Agents will have any
duty to monitor the Issuers compliance with or have any responsibility with respect to the Issuers compliance with any federal or state securities laws in connection with registrations of transfers and exchanges of the Notes. The Trustee
and the Agents shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Notes
(including any transfers between or among the Depositarys Participants or beneficial owners of interests in any Global 

-66- 

Note) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation, as is expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by, the terms of this Indenture or the
Notes and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof. 

(xiii) The Issuers, the Trustee, and the Agents reserve the right to require the delivery by any Holder or purchaser of a
Note of such legal opinions, certifications or other evidence as may reasonably be required in order to determine that the proposed transfer of any Restricted Global Note or Restricted Definitive Note is being made in compliance with the Securities
Act or the Exchange Act, or rules or regulations adopted by the SEC from time to time thereunder, and applicable state securities laws. 

Section 2.07.Replacement Notes. If either (a) any mutilated Note is surrendered to the Trustee, a
Registrar or the Issuers, or (b) the Issuers, the Trustee and the Registrar receive evidence to their satisfaction of the ownership and destruction, loss or theft of any Note, then the Issuers shall issue and the Trustee, upon receipt of an
Authentication Order and satisfaction of any other requirements of the Trustee, shall authenticate a replacement Note if the Trustees requirements are met. If required by the Trustee or the Issuers, an indemnity bond must be supplied by the
Holder that is sufficient in the judgment of both (i) the Trustee and the applicable Agents to protect the Trustee and such Agent and (ii) the Issuers to protect the Issuers, the Trustee, any Agent and any Authentication Agent from any
loss that any of them may suffer if a Note is replaced. The Issuers, the Trustee and any Agent may charge the Holder for their expenses in replacing a Note. 

Every replacement Note is a contractual obligation of the Issuers and shall be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture equally and
proportionately with all other Notes duly issued hereunder. 

Section 2.08.Outstanding Notes. The
Notes outstanding at any time are all the Notes authenticated by the Trustee except for those cancelled by it, those delivered to it for cancellation, those reductions in the interest in a Global Note effected in accordance with the provisions
hereof and those described in this Section 2.08 as not outstanding. Except as set forth in Section 2.09 hereof, a Note does not cease to be outstanding because an Issuer or a Guarantor or an Affiliate of an Issuer or a Guarantor holds the
Note. 

If a Note is replaced pursuant to Section 2.07 hereof, it ceases to be outstanding unless the Trustee receives proof
satisfactory to it that the replaced Note is held by a protected purchaser (as defined in Section 8-303 of the Uniform Commercial Code). 

Notes in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture shall not be deemed to
be outstanding for purposes hereof. 

If the principal amount of any Note is considered paid under Section 4.01 hereof, such Note
shall cease to be outstanding and interest thereon shall cease to accrue. 

If a Paying Agent (other than the Issuers or a Guarantor or an
Affiliate of the Issuers or a Guarantor) holds, on a Redemption Date or maturity date, money sufficient to pay Notes (or portions thereof) payable on that date, then on and after that date such Notes (or portions thereof) shall be deemed to be no
longer outstanding (including for accounting purposes) and shall cease to accrue interest on and after such date. 

Section 2.09.Treasury Notes. In determining whether the Holders of the required principal amount of
Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver or consent, Notes owned by the Issuers or by 

-67- 

any Affiliate of the Issuers shall be considered as though not outstanding, except that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee will be protected in relying on any such direction,
waiver or consent, only Notes that a Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned which have been pledged in good faith shall not be disregarded if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction
of the Trustee the pledgees right to deliver any such direction, waiver or consent with respect to such pledged Notes and that the pledgee is not the Issuers or a Guarantor or any Affiliate of the Issuers or a Guarantor. 

Section 2.10.Temporary Notes. Until certificates representing Notes are ready for delivery, the
Issuers may prepare and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, will authenticate temporary Notes. Temporary Notes shall be substantially in the form of certificated Notes but may have variations that the Issuers consider appropriate
for temporary Notes. Without unreasonable delay, the Issuers shall prepare and the Trustee will authenticate Definitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes. 

Holders and beneficial holders, as the case may be, of temporary Notes shall be entitled to all of the benefits accorded to Holders, or
beneficial holders, respectively, of Notes under this Indenture. 

Section 2.11.Cancellation. The
Issuers at any time may deliver Notes to the Trustee for cancellation. The applicable Registrar and the Paying Agent for such Series of Notes shall forward to the Trustee any such Notes surrendered to them for registration of transfer, exchange or
payment. The Trustee or, at the direction of the Trustee, the applicable Registrar or the Paying Agent and no one else shall cancel all Notes surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange, payment, replacement or cancellation and shall dispose
of such cancelled Notes in its customary manner (subject to the record retention requirements of the Exchange Act). Certification of the cancellation of all cancelled Notes shall be delivered to the Issuers upon their written request therefor. The
Issuers may not issue new Notes to replace Notes that they have paid or that have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation. 

Section 2.12.Defaulted Interest. If the Issuers default in a payment of interest on the Notes, it
shall pay the defaulted interest in any lawful manner plus, to the extent lawful, interest payable on the defaulted interest to the Persons who are Holders on a subsequent special record date, in each case at the rate provided in the Notes and in
Section 4.01 hereof. The Issuers shall notify the Trustee and each Paying Agent in writing of the amount of defaulted interest proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed payment, and at the same time the Issuers shall deposit
with the Trustee or the applicable Paying Agent an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount proposed to be paid in respect of such defaulted interest or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit prior to the date of
the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such defaulted interest as provided in this Section 2.12. The Issuers shall fix or cause to be fixed any such special record date and
payment date; provided that no such special record date shall be less than 10 days prior to the related payment date for such defaulted interest. The Issuers shall promptly notify the Trustee and each Paying Agent of any such special record
date. At least 15 days before any such special record date, the Issuers (or, upon the written request of the Issuers, the Trustee or the applicable Paying Agent in the name and at the expense of the Issuers) shall send or cause to be sent to each
Holder, with a copy to the Trustee and each Paying Agent, a notice at his or her address as it appears in the Note Register that states the special record date, the related payment date and the amount of such interest to be paid. 

Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.12 and for greater certainty, each Note delivered under this Indenture upon
registration of transfer of or in exchange for or in lieu of any other Note shall carry the rights to interest accrued and unpaid, and to accrue, which were carried by such other Note. 

-68- 

Section 2.13.CUSIP, ISIN or Common Code Numbers. The
Issuers in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP, ISIN, Common Code or other similar numbers (in each case, if then generally in use) and, if so, the Trustee or the applicable Paying Agent will use CUSIP, ISIN, Common Code or other similar numbers in
notices of redemption or exchange as a convenience to Holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice of
redemption or exchange and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes, and any such redemption or exchange shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Issuers will as
promptly as practicable notify the Trustee and each Paying Agent in writing of any change in the CUSIP, ISIN, Common Code or other similar numbers. 

Section 2.14.Unavailability of Euro. If the Euro is unavailable to the Issuers due to the imposition
of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Issuers control or the Euro is no longer used by the member states of the EMU that have adopted the Euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions
within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the Euro Notes will be made in U.S. dollars until the Euro is again available to the Issuers or so used. The amount payable on any date in Euros will be converted into U.S.
dollars at the rate mandated by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate of conversion, on the
basis of the most recent euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate available on or prior to the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date, as determined by the Issuers in their sole discretion. Any payment in respect of the Euro Notes so made in
U.S. dollars will not constitute an Event of Default under this Indenture. Neither the Trustee nor any Paying Agent shall be responsible for obtaining exchange rates, effecting conversions or otherwise handling redenominations. 

Section 2.15.Currency Indemnity.

(a) The sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable under the Euro Notes and, with respect to the Euro Notes, the Note
Guarantees of the Euro Notes, is Euro. Any amount received or recovered in respect of the Euro Notes or the Note Guarantees of the Euro Notes in a currency other than Euro (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a
court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuers, any Subsidiary or otherwise) by the Trustee, the Paying Agent or any Holder of the Euro Notes in respect of any sum expressed to
be due to such Holder from any Issuer or Guarantor of the Euro Notes will constitute a discharge of their obligation only to the extent of the Euro amount, which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in such
other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not possible to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is possible to do so). If the Euro amount to be recovered is less than the Euro amount expressed to
be due to the recipient under any Euro Note, the Issuers and each Guarantor shall, jointly and severally, indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any further purchase of Euro in an amount equal to such difference. 

(b) These indemnities, to the extent permitted by law, constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuers and each
Guarantors other obligations, give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, apply irrespective of any waiver granted by any Holder of a Euro Note, the Paying Agent or the Trustee from time to time, and will continue in full force
and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Euro Note or any other judgment or order. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, no payment in respect of a Euro Note made in U.S. dollars permitted to be
made by the provisions described in Section 2.14 will be subject to the provisions described in Section 2.15(a) or (b). 

-69- 

ARTICLE 3 

REDEMPTION 

Section 3.01.Notices to Trustee. The Notes may be redeemed, in whole, or from time to time in part,
subject to the conditions and at the redemption prices set forth in Section 3.07 hereof. If the Issuers elect to redeem Notes pursuant to Section 3.07 hereof, they shall notify the Trustee and the applicable Paying Agent of the Redemption
Date, the redemption price and the aggregate principal amount of Notes to be redeemed. 

Section 3.02.Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed. If less than all of the Euro Notes are to be redeemed
at any time pursuant to Section 3.07 hereof, the applicable Paying Agent shall select Euro Notes for redemption: (x) on a pro rata basis or (y) in the case of Global Notes, based on the applicable procedures of the Common Depositary
(and in such manner that complies with applicable legal and exchange requirements and the requirements of the Common Depositary (and in such manner that complies with applicable legal and exchange requirements and the requirements of Euroclear and
Clearstream). Neither the Trustee nor the applicable Paying Agent shall be liable for selections made by the applicable Paying Agent (or the Registrar, as applicable) in accordance with this Section 3.02. 

If less than all the Dollar Notes are to be redeemed pursuant to Section 3.07 hereof, the Trustee will select, pro rata or by lot or by
any such other method in accordance with the Applicable Procedures of DTC as the Trustee in its sole discretion shall deem to be fair and appropriate, the Dollar Notes to be redeemed. Dollar Notes may be redeemed in part in the minimum authorized
denomination for the Notes or in any integral multiple thereof. 

No Dollar Notes of $2,000 or less can be redeemed in part. No Euro Notes
of 100,000 or less can be redeemed in part. 

Section 3.03.Notice of Redemption. At least
10 days but not more than 60 days (except as provided below) before a Redemption Date, the Issuers shall mail a notice of redemption by first-class mail, postage prepaid, or as otherwise provided in accordance with the Applicable
Procedures of the Depositary, to each Holder whose Notes are to be redeemed at its registered address (with a copy to the Trustee and the applicable Paying Agent), except that redemption notices may be mailed more than 60 days prior to a
Redemption Date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture as to the Notes pursuant to Article 8 hereof or as described in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Any
redemption notice may, at the Issuers discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of an Equity Offering, financing or other transaction or event. In addition, if such redemption is
subject to satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall describe each such condition and, if applicable, shall state that, in the Issuers discretion, the Redemption Date may be delayed until such time (including more
than 60 days after the date the notice of redemption was mailed or delivered, including by electronic transmission) as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuers in their sole discretion), or such redemption may not
occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the Redemption Date, or by the Redemption Date as so delayed. The Issuers will provide prompt written notice of the rescission of
any redemption notice in the same manner in which the notice of redemption was given, and such redemption notice will thereafter be of no force or effect. 

So long as any Euro Notes are admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted for trading on its Global Exchange Market and the
rules of Euronext Dublin so require, any such notice to the holders of the relevant Euro Notes shall also be delivered to Euronext Dublin through its online portal, Euronext Direct (or its successor, if any), and, in connection with any redemption,
the Issuers will notify 

-70- 

Euronext Dublin of any change in the principal amount of Notes outstanding. At the Issuers request, the applicable Paying Agent shall forward the notice of redemption in the Issuers
name and at the Issuers expense. 

Each notice for redemption shall identify the Notes (including the CUSIP number, ISIN number or
Common Code, as applicable) to be redeemed and shall state: 

(a) the Redemption Date; 

(b) the redemption price and the amount of accrued interest, if any, to be paid; 

(c) the name and address of the applicable Paying Agent; 

(d) that Notes called for redemption shall be surrendered to the applicable Paying Agent to collect the redemption price plus accrued
interest, if any; 

(e) that, unless the Issuers default in making the redemption payment, interest on Notes called for redemption
ceases to accrue on and after the Redemption Date, and the only remaining right of the Holders of such Notes is to receive payment of the redemption price upon surrender to the applicable Paying Agent of the Notes redeemed; 

(f) if any Note is being redeemed in part, the portion of the principal amount of such Note to be redeemed and that, after the
Redemption Date, and upon surrender and cancellation of such Note, a new Note or Notes in aggregate principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof will be issued; 

(g) if fewer than all the Notes are to be redeemed, the identification of the particular Notes (or portion thereof) to be redeemed,
as well as the aggregate principal amount of Notes to be redeemed and the aggregate principal amount of Notes to be outstanding after such partial redemption; provided that new Dollar Notes will only be issued in minimum denominations of
$2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof and that new Euro Notes will only be issued in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof; 

(h) the Section of the Notes or this Indenture, as applicable, pursuant to which the Notes are to be redeemed; and 

(i) the conditions precedent, if any, to the redemption, and that in the Issuers discretion, the Redemption Date may be delayed
until such time (including more than 60 days after the date the notice of redemption was mailed or delivered, including by electronic transmission) as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuers in their sole discretion),
or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the Redemption Date, or by the Redemption Date as so delayed. 

The notice, if mailed in a manner herein provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been given, whether or not the Holder receives such
notice. In any case, failure to give such notice by mail or any defect in the notice to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption in whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Note. 

At the Issuers request, the applicable Paying Agent shall give the notice of redemption in the name of the Issuers and at its expense;
provided that the Issuers shall have delivered to the applicable Paying Agent (with a copy to the Trustee), at least five Business Days before notice of redemption is required to be mailed or caused to be mailed to Holders pursuant to this
Section 3.03 (unless a shorter 

-71- 

notice period is satisfactory to the Trustee and the applicable Paying Agent), an Officers Certificate requesting that the applicable Paying Agent give such notice and setting forth the
information to be stated in such notice as provided in the preceding paragraph. 

Section 3.04.Effect
of Notice of Redemption or Purchase. Once notice of redemption is mailed in accordance with Section 3.03, Notes called for redemption become due and payable on the Redemption Date, subject to any applicable conditions precedent set forth in
such notice of redemption, and at the redemption price plus accrued interest, if any. Upon surrender to the Trustee or applicable Paying Agent, such Notes called for redemption shall be paid at the redemption price (which shall include accrued
interest thereon to, but not including, the Redemption Date), but installments of interest, the maturity of which is on or prior to the Redemption Date, shall be payable to Holders of record at the close of business on the relevant Record Dates. On
and after the Redemption Date, subject to any applicable conditions precedent, interest shall cease to accrue on Notes or portions thereof called for redemption and the only right of the Holders of such Notes will be to receive payment of the
redemption price unless the Issuers shall have not complied with its obligations pursuant to Section 3.05. 

Section 3.05.Deposit of Redemption Price. Prior to noon (New York City time) on the Redemption Date,
with respect to the Dollar Notes, and prior to 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the Redemption Date, with respect to the Euro Notes, the Issuers shall deposit with the applicable Paying Agent money sufficient to pay the redemption price plus accrued and
unpaid interest, if any, of all Notes to be redeemed on that date. The applicable Paying Agent shall promptly return to the Issuers any money deposited with the applicable Paying Agent by the Issuers in excess of the amounts necessary to pay the
redemption price of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, all Notes to be redeemed or purchased. 

If the Issuers comply with the preceding
paragraph, then, unless the Issuers default in the payment of such redemption price plus accrued interest, if any, interest on the Notes to be redeemed will cease to accrue on and after the applicable Redemption Date, whether or not such Notes are
presented for payment. 

Section 3.06.Notes Redeemed in Part. If any Note is to be redeemed in part
only, the notice of redemption that relates to such Note shall state the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed. A new Note or Notes in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Note or Notes shall be issued in
the name of the Holder thereof upon surrender and cancellation of the original Note or Notes; provided that each new Dollar Note will be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof and that
each new Euro Note will in a minimum principal amount of 100,000 and any integral multiple of 1,000 in excess thereof. It is understood that, notwithstanding anything in this Indenture to the contrary, only an Authentication Order and
not an Opinion of Counsel or Officers Certificate is required for the Trustee or Authentication Agent to authenticate such new Note. 

Section 3.07.Optional Redemption. 

(a) Except as set forth in Section 3.10 and in clauses (b), (d), and (f) of this Section 3.07 the Notes will not be
redeemable at the Issuers option prior to February 15, 2028. 

(b) At any time prior to February 15, 2028, the
Issuers may, at their option and on one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of either Series of Notes, upon notice in accordance with Section 3.03 hereof, at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) 100.0% of the principal amount of
the applicable Series of Notes being redeemed, plus (ii) the Applicable Premium as of the Redemption Date, plus (iii) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of record on
the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the Notes on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date. 

-72- 

(c) At any time on and after February 15, 2028, the Issuers may, at their option
and on one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of either Series of Notes, upon notice in accordance with Section 3.03 hereof, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount of the applicable Series of Notes to be
redeemed) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant
Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on February 15 of each of the years indicated below: 

Year Dollar Notes

Redemption

Price Euro Notes

Redemption

Price 

2028 104.250 % 103.500 % 

2029 102.125 % 101.750 % 

2030 and thereafter 100.000 % 100.000 % 

(d) At any time prior to February 15, 2028, the Issuers may, at their option and on one or more
occasions, redeem (i) an aggregate principal amount of Dollar Notes not to exceed the amount of the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Issuers from one or more Equity Offerings not otherwise utilized to fund a redemption of Euro Notes (within
180 days of the consummation of any such Equity Offering), upon notice in accordance with Section 3.03 hereof, at a redemption price equal to (A) 108.500% of the aggregate principal amount of the Dollar Notes being redeemed, plus
(B) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of Dollar Notes of record on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the Dollar Notes on the relevant Interest Payment
Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date; provided that (1) the amount redeemed shall not exceed 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Dollar Notes issued under this Indenture (including any Additional Dollar Notes); (2) at
least 50% of the aggregate principal amount of the Dollar Notes originally issued under this Indenture on the Issue Date remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of each such redemption; and (3) each such redemption occurs within
180 days of the date of closing of the applicable Equity Offering and (ii) an aggregate principal amount of Euro Notes not to exceed the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Issuers from one or more Equity Offerings not otherwise utilized to fund
a redemption of Dollar Notes (within 180 days of the consummation of any such Equity Offering), upon notice in accordance with Section 3.03 hereof, at a redemption price equal to (A) 107.000% of the aggregate principal amount of the Euro
Notes being redeemed, plus (B) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of Euro Notes of record on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the Euro Notes on the
relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date; provided that (1) the amount redeemed shall not exceed 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Euro Notes issued under this Indenture (including any
Additional Euro Notes); (2) at least 50% of the aggregate principal amount of the Euro Notes originally issued under this Indenture on the Issue Date remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of each such redemption; and
(3) each such redemption occurs within 180 days of the date of closing of the applicable Equity Offering. The aggregate principal amount of the Notes that may be redeemed pursuant to clause (d) of this Section 3.07 cannot exceed the
aggregate Net Cash Proceeds from the relevant Equity Offerings. 

(e) [Reserved]. 

-73- 

(f) At any time, in connection with any tender offer for either Series of Notes,
including a Change of Control Offer, if Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes of such Series validly tender and do not withdraw the Notes of such Series in such tender offer, and the Issuers, or any
third party making such tender offer in lieu of the Issuers, purchase all of such Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuers will have the right upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not
more than 10 days following such purchase date, to redeem all Notes of such Series that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price equal to the price paid to each other Holder in such tender offer plus, to the extent not
included in the tender offer payment, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, to, but excluding, the date of such redemption. 

(g) Any redemption pursuant to this Section 3.07 shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 hereof.

(h) Opco, Finco, their direct and indirect equityholders, any of their Subsidiaries and their respective Affiliates and members of
management may acquire the Notes by means other than a redemption pursuant to this Article 3, whether by tender offer, open market purchases, negotiated transactions or otherwise. 

(i) Neither the Trustee nor any Agent shall have any duty to calculate or verify the calculation of the Applicable Premium. 

Section 3.08.Offers to Repurchase by Application of Excess Proceeds. 

(a) In the event that, pursuant to Section 4.10 hereof, the Issuers will be required to commence an Asset Sale Offer, the Issuers
shall follow the procedures specified below. 

(b) The Asset Sale Offer shall remain open for a period of 20 Business Days following
its commencement and no longer, except to the extent that a longer period is required by applicable law (the Offer Period). No later than five Business Days after the termination of the Offer Period (the Purchase
Date), the Issuers shall apply all Excess Proceeds (the Offer Amount), to the purchase of Notes and, if required or permitted by the terms thereof, to any other Pari Passu Indebtedness (on a pro rata basis, if
applicable, with adjustments as necessary so that no Notes or other Pari Passu Indebtedness, as the case may be, will be repurchased in part in an unauthorized denomination), or, if less than the Offer Amount has been tendered, all Notes and
any other Pari Passu Indebtedness, in each case, tendered in response to the Asset Sale Offer. Payment for any Notes so purchased shall be made in the same manner as interest payments are made. 

(c) If the Purchase Date is on or after a Record Date and on or before the related Interest Payment Date, any accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, up to but excluding the Purchase Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name a Note is registered at the close of business on such Record Date, and no additional interest shall be payable to Holders who tender Notes pursuant to
the Asset Sale Offer. 

(d) Upon the commencement of an Asset Sale Offer the Issuers will send, electronically or by first-class
mail, a notice to each of the Holders, with a copy to the Trustee and each Paying Agent. The notice shall contain all instructions and materials necessary to enable such Holders to tender Notes pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer. The Asset Sale Offer
shall be made to all Holders and, if required or permitted by the terms thereof, holders of any other Pari Passu Indebtedness. The notice, which shall govern the terms of the Asset Sale Offer shall state: 

(i) that the Asset Sale Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 3.08 and Section 4.10 hereof and the
length of time the Asset Sale Offer shall remain open; 

-74- 

(ii) the Offer Amount, the purchase price and the Purchase Date; 

(iii) that any Note not tendered or accepted for payment shall continue to accrue interest; 

(iv) that, unless the Issuer defaults in making such payment, any Note accepted for payment pursuant to the Asset Sale
Offer shall cease to accrue interest on and after the Purchase Date; 

(v) that any Holder electing to have less than
all of the aggregate principal amount of its Notes purchased pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer may elect to have Notes purchased, in the case of the Dollar Notes, $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof and, in the case of the
Euro Notes, 100,000 and in integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof; 

(vi) that Holders electing to
have a Note purchased pursuant to any Asset Sale Offer shall be required to surrender the Note, with the form entitled Option of Holder to Elect Purchase attached to the Note completed, or transfer such Note by book-entry transfer, to
the Issuer, the applicable Depositary, if appointed by the Issuer, or a Paying Agent at the address specified in the notice at least two Business Days before the Purchase Date; 

(vii) that Holders shall be entitled to withdraw their election if the Issuer, the applicable Depositary or the
applicable Paying Agent, as the case may be, receives, not later than the close of business on the tenth Business Day prior to the expiration date of the Offer Period, a facsimile transmission or letter setting forth the name of the Holder, the
principal amount of the Note the Holder delivered for purchase and a statement that such Holder is withdrawing his election to have such Note purchased; 

(viii) that, if the aggregate principal amount of Notes and, if applicable, any other Pari Passu Indebtedness, in
each case, surrendered by the holders thereof exceeds the Offer Amount, the Issuer shall purchase such Notes (subject to applicable DTC or Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable, Applicable Procedures as to Global Notes) and such other Pari
Passu Indebtedness on a pro rata basis based on the aggregate principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Notes or such other Pari Passu Indebtedness tendered (with such adjustments as may be deemed appropriate by the
Issuer so that only Notes, in the case of the Dollar Notes, $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof and, in the case of the Euro Notes, 100,000 and in integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof are purchased); and

(ix) that Holders whose certificated Notes were purchased only in part shall be issued new Notes equal in principal
amount to the unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered (or transferred by book-entry transfer) representing the same indebtedness to the extent not repurchased; provided that new Notes will only be issued in denominations of, in the case
of the Dollar Notes, $2,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof and, in the case of the Euro Notes, 100,000 and in integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. 

The notice, if delivered electronically or mailed in a manner herein provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been given, whether or
not the Holder receives such notice. If (i) the notice is delivered or mailed in a manner herein provided and (ii) any Holder fails to receive such notice or a Holder receives such notice but it is defective, such Holders failure to
receive such notice or such defect shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the purchase of the Notes as to all other Holders that properly received such notice without defect. 

-75- 

(e) On or before the Purchase Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful,
(1) accept for payment, on a pro rata basis as described in clause (d)(viii) of this Section 3.08, the Offer Amount of Notes or portions thereof validly tendered pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer, or if less than the Offer Amount has been
tendered, all Notes tendered and (2) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted, together with an Officers Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions thereof so tendered. 

(f) The Issuers, the applicable Depositary or the applicable Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall promptly mail or deliver to each
tendering Holder an amount equal to the purchase price of the Notes properly tendered by such Holder and accepted by the Issuers for purchase, and the Issuers shall promptly issue a new Note, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order,
shall authenticate and mail or deliver (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) such new Note to such Holder (it being understood that, notwithstanding anything in this Indenture to the contrary, only an Officers Certificate and not an
Opinion of Counsel is required for the Trustee to authenticate and mail or deliver such new Note) in a principal amount equal to any unpurchased portion of the Note surrendered representing the same indebtedness to the extent not repurchased;
provided, that each such new Dollar Note shall be in a principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof and each such new Euro Note shall be in a principal amount of 100,000 or an integral multiple of
1,000 in excess thereof. Any Note not so accepted shall be promptly mailed or delivered by the Issuer to the Holder thereof. The Issuer shall announce the results of the Asset Sale Offer on or as soon as practicable after the Purchase Date on
the website or online data system maintained pursuant to Section 4.03 hereof. 

(g) Prior to noon (New York City time) on the
Purchase Date, with respect to the Dollar Notes, and prior to 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the Purchase Date, with respect to the Euro Notes, the Issuer shall deposit with the applicable Paying Agent money sufficient to pay the purchase price of and
accrued and unpaid interest on all Notes to be purchased on that Purchase Date; provided, however, that to the extent any such funds are received by the applicable Paying Agent from the Issuers after such time on such due date, such
funds will be distributed to such Persons within one Business Day of receipt thereof. The applicable Paying Agent shall promptly return to the Issuer any money deposited with the applicable Paying Agent by the Issuers in excess of the amounts
necessary to pay the purchase price of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, all Notes to be redeemed. 

Section 3.09.Mandatory Redemption. The Issuers will not be required to make any mandatory redemption
or sinking fund payments with respect to the Notes. 

Section 3.10.Redemption for Taxation Reasons.
The Issuers may redeem the Euro Notes, in whole but not in part, at their discretion at any time upon giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice to the Holders of the Euro Notes (which notice will be given in accordance with
the procedures described in Section 3.03), with a copy to the Trustee and the applicable Paying Agent, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but
excluding, the date fixed by the Issuers for redemption (a Tax Redemption Date) and all Additional Amounts (as defined below), if any, then due and which will become due on the Tax Redemption Date as a result of the redemption or
otherwise (subject to the right of Holders of the Euro Notes on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date and Additional Amounts (if any) in respect thereof), if on the next date on which any amount would
be payable in respect of the Euro Notes or any Note Guarantee of the Euro Notes, the Issuers or the relevant Guarantor is or would be required to pay Additional Amounts (but in the case of the relevant Guarantor, only if such amount payable cannot
be paid by the Issuers or another Guarantor, if any, who can pay such amount, without the obligation to pay Additional Amounts), and the Issuers or the relevant Guarantor cannot avoid any such payment obligation by taking reasonable measures
available to it, including by making payment through a different Paying Agent (provided that changing the 

-76- 

jurisdiction of organization of either Issuer or any Guarantor shall be deemed not to be a reasonable measure), and the requirement arises as a result of: 

(i) any amendment to, or change in, the laws, treaties or any regulations, rulings or other official guidance promulgated
thereunder of a relevant Tax Jurisdiction which change or amendment is publicly and formally proposed and becomes effective on or after the date of the Offering Memorandum (or, if the applicable Tax Jurisdiction became a Tax Jurisdiction on a date
after the date of the Offering Memorandum, such later date); or 

(ii) any amendment to, or change in, an official
written interpretation or application of such laws, treaties, regulations, rulings or other official guidance (including by virtue of a holding, judgment, order by a court of competent jurisdiction or a change in published administrative practice)
which amendment or change is publicly and formally proposed and becomes effective on or after the date of the Offering Memorandum (or, if the applicable Tax Jurisdiction became a Tax Jurisdiction on a date after the date of the Offering Memorandum,
such later date).

The foregoing provisions shall apply (i) to a Guarantor only after such time as such Guarantor is obligated to make
at least one payment on the Euro Notes and (ii) mutatis mutandis with respect to any successor Person, after such successor Person becomes a party to this Indenture, with respect to a change or amendments occurring after the time
such successor Person becomes a party to this Indenture. 

The Issuers will not give any such notice of redemption earlier than 60 days
prior to the earliest date on which an Issuer or a relevant Guarantor would be obligated to make such payment or withholding if a payment in respect of the Euro Notes were then due, and the obligation to pay Additional Amounts must be in effect at
the time such notice is given. Prior to the giving of any notice of redemption of the Euro Notes pursuant to the foregoing, the Issuers will deliver to the Trustee an opinion of outside legal counsel of recognized standing in the relevant Tax
Jurisdiction attesting to such change in tax law or change in interpretation of tax law and an Officers Certificate attesting to an obligation to pay Additional Amounts and that the obligation to pay Additional Amounts could not be avoided by
taking reasonable measures available to the Issuers (provided that changing the jurisdiction of organization of either Issuer or any Guarantor shall be deemed not to be a reasonable measure). 

The Trustee will accept and shall be entitled to rely on such Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel reasonably agreed upon as
sufficient evidence of the existence and satisfaction of the conditions precedent as described above, in which event it will be conclusive and binding on the Holders of the Euro Notes. 

Section 3.11.Payment of Additional Amounts on the Notes. All payments made by or on behalf of
the Issuers under or with respect to the Euro Notes or any Guarantor with respect to any Note Guarantee of the Euro Notes will be made free and clear of and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future Taxes unless
the withholding or deduction for, or on account of, such Taxes is then required by law or by the interpretation or administration thereof. If any deduction or withholding for, or on account of, any Taxes imposed or levied by or on behalf of
(a) any jurisdiction in which any Issuer or Guarantor is then incorporated or organized, engaged in business for tax purposes or otherwise resident for tax purposes or any political subdivision thereof or therein or (b) any jurisdiction
from or through which payment is made by or on behalf of any Issuer or Guarantor (including the jurisdiction of any paying agent) or any political subdivision thereof or therein (each, a Tax Jurisdiction) will at any time be
required to be made from any payments made by or on behalf of the Issuers under or with respect to the Euro Notes or any Guarantor under or with respect to any Note Guarantee of the Euro Notes, including payments of principal, redemption price,
purchase price, interest 

-77- 

or premium, the Issuers or the relevant Guarantor, as applicable, will pay such additional amounts (the Additional Amounts) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts
received in respect of such payments by each holder after such deduction or withholding (including any such withholding or deduction from such Additional Amounts) will equal the respective amounts that would have been received in respect of such
payments in the absence of such withholding or deduction; provided, however, that no Additional Amounts will be payable with respect to: 

(i) any Taxes, to the extent such Taxes would not have been imposed but for the existence of any present or former
connection between the holder or the beneficial owner of the Euro Notes (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, partner of, member or shareholder of, or possessor of a power over, the relevant holder, if the relevant holder is an estate,
trust, nominee, partnership, limited liability company or corporation, in each case even if the payment is required to be made to such person by the laws of the Tax Jurisdiction) and the relevant Tax Jurisdiction (including being or having been a
citizen, resident, or national thereof or being or having been present or engaged in a trade or business therein or having or having had a permanent establishment therein), but excluding any connection arising merely from the holding of such Euro
Note, the enforcement of rights under such Euro Note or under a Note Guarantee of the Euro Notes or the receipt of any payments in respect of such Euro Note or a Note Guarantee of the Euro Notes; 

(ii) any Taxes, to the extent such Taxes were imposed as a result of the presentation of a Euro Note for payment more
than 30 days after the relevant payment is first made available for payment to the Holder (except to the extent that the Holder would have been entitled to Additional Amounts had the Euro Note been presented on the last day of such 30 day period);

(iii) any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, excise, transfer, personal property or similar Taxes; 

(iv) any Taxes imposed on or with respect to a payment made to a Holder or beneficial owner of Euro Notes who would have
been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Euro Note to another paying agent; 

(v) any Taxes payable other than by deduction or withholding from payments under, or with respect to, the Euro Notes or
with respect to any Note Guarantee of the Euro Notes; 

(vi) any Taxes, to the extent such Taxes are imposed or
withheld by reason of the failure of the Holder or beneficial owner of Euro Notes, following any Issuers written request addressed to the Holder or beneficial owner (and made at a time that would enable the Holder or beneficial owner acting
reasonably to comply with that request), to comply with any certification, identification, information or other reporting requirements, whether required by statute, treaty, regulation or administrative practice of a Tax Jurisdiction, as a
precondition to exemption from, or reduction in the rate of deduction or withholding of, Taxes imposed by the Tax Jurisdiction (including, without limitation, a certification that the Holder or beneficial owner is not resident in the Tax
Jurisdiction); 

(vii) any Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment by the Issuers or Guarantors to the Holder
if such Holder is a fiduciary or partnership or any person other than the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent that Taxes would not have been imposed on such payment had such Holder been the sole beneficial owner of such Euro Note;

(viii) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes under FATCA; 

-78- 

(ix) any Taxes imposed or withheld solely (A) by reason of the
beneficial owner owning or having owned, actually or constructively (1) with respect to any Issuer that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes, 10 percent or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of
stock of such Issuer entitled to vote or (2) with respect to any Issuer that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal tax purposes, 10 percent or more of the capital or profits interest in such Issuer, or (B) by reason of the
beneficial owner being a bank that has invested in the Euro Notes as an extension of credit in the ordinary course of its trade or business; 

(x) any taxes imposed or withheld in whole or in part by reason of the beneficial owner being or having been any of the
following (as these terms are defined in the Code): a personal holding company; a foreign private foundation or other foreign tax-exempt organization; a passive foreign investment company; a controlled foreign
corporation; or a corporation which has accumulated earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax; or 

(xi) any
combination of items (i) through (x) above 

In addition to the foregoing, the Issuers and any Guarantor will also pay and indemnify
the Holder or beneficial owner for any present or future stamp, issue, registration, court or documentary taxes, or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies (including penalties, interest and any other reasonable expenses
properly incurred related thereto) which are levied by any Tax Jurisdiction on the execution, delivery, issuance or registration of any of the Euro Notes, this Indenture, any Note Guarantee of the Euro Notes or any other document or instrument
referred to therein (other than a transfer of the Euro Notes after the offering of the Initial Notes) or the receipt of any payments with respect thereto, or any such taxes, charges or similar levies imposed by any jurisdiction as a result of, or in
connection with, the enforcement of any of the Euro Notes or any Note Guarantee of the Euro Notes. 

If any Issuer or Guarantor, as the
case may be, becomes aware that it will be obligated to pay Additional Amounts with respect to any payment under or with respect to the Euro Notes or any Note Guarantee of the Euro Notes, each of the relevant Issuers or Guarantors, as the case may
be, will deliver to the Trustee and each Paying Agent on a date that is at least 30 days prior to the date of that payment (unless the obligation to pay Additional Amounts arises less than 30 days prior to that payment date, in which case the
relevant Issuer or Guarantor shall notify the Trustee and each Paying Agent promptly thereafter) an Officers Certificate stating the fact that Additional Amounts will be payable and the amount estimated to be so payable. The Officers
Certificate(s) must also set forth any other information reasonably necessary to enable the Paying Agents to pay such Additional Amounts to Holders on the relevant payment date. The Trustee and each Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely solely on
such Officers Certificate as conclusive proof that such payments are necessary. 

The relevant Issuer or Guarantor will make all
withholdings and deductions required by law with respect to any payment under or relating to the Euro Notes or any Note Guarantee of the Euro Notes and will timely remit the full amount so deducted or withheld to the relevant tax authority in
accordance with applicable law. The relevant Issuer or Guarantor will use its reasonable efforts to obtain tax receipts from each tax authority evidencing the payment of any Taxes so deducted or withheld. The relevant Issuer or Guarantor will
furnish to the Trustee and each Paying Agent, within a reasonable time after the date the payment of any Taxes so deducted or withheld is made, certified copies of tax receipts evidencing payment by the Issuers or a Guarantor, as the case may be, or
if, notwithstanding such entitys efforts to obtain receipts, receipts are not obtained, other evidence of payments by such entity. 

Whenever in this Indenture there is mentioned, in any context, the payment of amounts based upon the principal amount of the Euro Notes or of
principal, interest or of any other amount payable under, or with respect to, any of the Euro Notes or any Note Guarantee of the Euro Notes, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the payment of Additional Amounts to the extent that, in
such context, Additional Amounts are, were or would be payable in respect thereof. 

-79- 

The above obligations will survive any termination, defeasance or discharge of this
Indenture or any Note Guarantee of the Euro Notes, any transfer by a holder or beneficial owner of its Euro Notes, and will apply, mutatis mutandis, to any jurisdiction in which any successor Person to any Issuer or Guarantor is incorporated,
engaged in business for tax purposes or otherwise resident for tax purposes or any jurisdiction from or through which such Person makes any payment on the Euro Notes (or any Note Guarantee of the Euro Notes) and any department or political
subdivision thereof or therein. 

ARTICLE 4 

COVENANTS 

Section 4.01.Payment of Notes. The Issuers shall pay or cause to be paid the principal of, premium and
Additional Amounts, if any, and interest on the Notes on the dates and in the manner provided in the Notes and this Indenture. Principal, premium and Additional Amounts, if any, and interest shall be considered paid on the date due if the applicable
Paying Agent, if other than Opco, Finco or a Guarantor or an Affiliate of Opco, Finco or a Guarantor, holds as of noon (New York City time) on the due date, with respect to the Dollar Notes, and as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the due date, with
respect to the Euro Notes, money deposited by the Issuers in immediately available funds and designated for and sufficient to pay all principal, premium and Additional Amounts, if any, and interest then due; provided, however, that to
the extent any such funds are received by the applicable Paying Agent from the Issuers after such times on such due date, such funds will be distributed to such Persons on the next Business Day. 

The applicable Paying Agent shall not be obliged to make any payment until such time as it has received sufficient funds in order to make such
payment. 

The Issuers shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue
principal at the rate equal to the then applicable interest rate on the Notes to the extent lawful; the Issuers shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest
(without regard to any applicable grace period) at the same rate to the extent lawful. 

Section 4.02.Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Issuers shall maintain the offices or agencies
required under Section 2.03 hereof where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange or presented for payment and where notices and demands to or upon the Issuers in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be
served. The Issuers shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Issuers shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to
furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office in the case of Dollar Notes and the address of the Euro Registrar in the case of Euro Notes;
provided that the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee or address of the Euro Registrar will not be an office or agency of the Issuers for the purpose of effecting service of legal process against Opco, Finco or any Guarantor. 

The Issuers may also from time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any
or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Issuers of their obligation to maintain such offices or agencies as required by
Section 2.03 hereof for such purposes. The Issuers shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency. 

-80- 

The Issuers hereby designate the office of the Dollar Registrar in the case of Dollar Notes
and the Euro Registrar in the case of Euro Notes as such offices or agencies of the Issuers in accordance with Section 2.03 hereof. 

Section 4.03.Reports to Holders. 

(a) So long as any Notes are outstanding, the Issuers will furnish to the Holders the following: 

(i) (x) all annual and quarterly financial statements substantially in forms that would be required to be contained
in a filing with the SEC on Forms 10-K and 10-Q of Opco, if Opco were required to file such forms, plus a Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, and (y) with respect to the annual financial statements only, a report on the annual financial statements by Opcos independent registered public accounting firm; and 

(ii) within 10 Business Days after the occurrence of an event required to be therein reported, such other information
containing substantially the same information that would be required to be contained in filings with the SEC on Form 8-K under Items 1.01, 1.02, 1.03, 2.01 (which, with respect to acquisitions, shall be
only with respect to acquisitions that are significant pursuant to clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Significant Subsidiary under Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X), 2.05, 2.06, 4.01, 4.02, 5.01 and 5.02(b) (only with respect to the principal executive officer, president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and principal operating
officer) and (c) (other than with respect to information otherwise required or contemplated by Item 402 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC) as in effect on the Issue Date if Opco were
required to file such reports; provided, however, that no such current report will be required to include as an exhibit, or to include a summary of the terms of, any employment or compensatory arrangement agreement, plan or
understanding between Opco (or any parent entity or its Subsidiaries) and any director, manager or executive officer, of Opco (or any parent entity or its Subsidiaries); 

provided, however, that (1) in no event shall such financial statements, information or reports be required to comply with
(w) Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC (or such other rule or regulation that amends, supplements or replaces such Rule 3-10, including for the avoidance of doubt, Rules 13-01 or 13-02 of Regulation S-X promulgated
by the SEC), (x) Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X (or such other rule or regulation that amends, supplements or replaces such Rule
3-09), (y) Rule 3-16 of Regulation S-X (or such other rule or regulation that amends, supplements or replaces such Rule 3-16) or (z) any requirement to otherwise include any schedules or separate financial statements of any Subsidiaries of Opco or any parent entity, affiliates or equity method investees, (2) in no event
shall such financial statements, information or reports be required to comply with Regulation G under the Exchange Act or Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC with respect to any non-GAAP financial measures contained therein, (3) no such financial statements, information or reports referenced under clause (ii) above shall be required to be furnished if the Issuers determine in
their good faith judgment that such event is not material to the Holders or the business, assets, operations or financial position of Opco and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (4) in no event shall such financial statements,
information or reports be required to include any information that is not otherwise similar to information currently included in the Offering Memorandum, other than with respect to information or reports provided under clause (ii) above and
(5) in no event shall information or reports referenced in clause (ii) 

-81- 

above be required to include as an exhibit copies of any agreements, financial statements or other items that would be required to be filed as exhibits to a current report on Form 8-K except for (x) agreements evidencing material Indebtedness and (y) historical and pro forma financial statements to the extent reasonably available. 

(b) All such annual information and reports shall be furnished within 105 days after the end of the fiscal year to which they
relate, and all such quarterly information and reports shall be furnished within 60 days after the end of the fiscal quarter to which they relate. At any time that any Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Issuers are Unrestricted Subsidiaries and
exceed in the aggregate the lesser of (i) 5% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Subsidiaries and (ii) 5% of the total consolidated revenue for the preceding fiscal year of the Issuers and the Subsidiaries, the
quarterly and annual financial information required by the preceding paragraph will include a reasonably detailed presentation, either on the face of the financial statements or in the footnotes thereto, in the Managements Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations or other comparable section, of the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuers and Restricted Subsidiaries separate from the financial condition and results of
operations of such Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 

(c) If Opco and its parent entities are not required to file reports under
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Issuers will make available such information and such reports (as well as, if required, the details regarding the audio presentation or conference call, as applicable, described below) to any Holder
and, upon request, to any beneficial owner of the Notes, in each case by posting such information and reports on its website, on Intralinks or any comparable password-protected online data system which will require a confidentiality acknowledgment,
and will make such information and reports readily available to any Holder, any bona fide prospective investor in the Notes as determined in the Issuers sole discretion and which prospective investors shall, in any event, be limited to
qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A of the Securities Act or non-U.S. persons that certify their status as such to the reasonable satisfaction of the Issuers), any
securities analyst (to the extent providing analysis of investment in the Notes) or any market maker in the Notes who agrees to treat such information and reports as confidential or accesses such information and reports on Intralinks or any
comparable password-protected online data system which will require a confidentiality acknowledgment; provided that the Issuers shall post such information and reports thereon and make readily available any password or other login information
to any such Holder, bona fide prospective investor, securities analyst or market maker; provided, further, however, that the Issuers may deny access to any competitively-sensitive information and reports otherwise to be provided
pursuant to this paragraph to any such Holder, beneficial owners, bona fide prospective investor, security analyst or market maker that is a competitor of Opco and its Subsidiaries to the extent that the Issuers determine in good faith that the
provision of such information and reports to such Person would be competitively harmful to Opco and its Subsidiaries; and provided, further, that such Holders, beneficial owners, bona fide prospective investors, security analysts or
market makers shall agree to (i) treat all such reports (and the information contained therein) and information as confidential, (ii) not use such reports and the information contained therein for any purpose other than their investment or
potential investment in the Notes and (iii) not publicly disclose any such reports (and the information contained therein). 

(d) If Opco and its parent entities are not required to file reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, Opco will,
within a reasonably prompt period of time following the disclosure of the annual and quarterly information required above, (i) conduct an audio presentation consistent with past practice of Opco or (ii) hold a conference call, in either
case, with respect to such information and results of operations for the relevant reporting period. No fewer than three (3) Business Days prior to the date of the audio presentation or conference call required to be held in

-82- 

accordance with the preceding sentence, Opco will issue a press release to the appropriate internationally recognized wire services announcing the date that such information will be available and
the time and date of such audio presentation or conference call. 

(e) To the extent not satisfied by the foregoing, the Issuers
shall furnish to prospective investors, upon their request, any information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act so long as the Notes are not freely transferable under the Securities Act. 

(f) The Issuers may satisfy their obligations in this Section 4.03 by furnishing financial and other information relating to any
parent entity (including Parent for so long as it is a parent entity of Opco) instead of Opco; provided that to the extent such parent entity holds assets (other than its direct or indirect interest in Opco) that exceed the lesser of
(i) 5% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of such parent entity and (ii) 5% of the total consolidated revenue for the preceding fiscal year of such parent entity, then such information related to such parent entity shall be accompanied
by consolidating information, which may be unaudited, that explains in reasonable detail and in the same manner described in the Offering Memorandum the differences between the information of such parent entity, on the one hand, and the information
relating to the Issuers and their Subsidiaries on a stand-alone basis, on the other hand, as of the ending date of the period covered by such report. 

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the Issuers will be deemed to have furnished the financial statements and
other information referred to in clauses (a)(i) and (a)(ii) of this Section 4.03 if Opco or any parent entity has filed reports containing such information with the SEC. 

(h) To the extent any information is not provided within the time periods specified in this Section 4.03 and such information is
subsequently provided, the Issuer will be deemed to have satisfied its obligations with respect thereto at such time and any Default with respect thereto shall be deemed to have been cured. The Trustee will have no duty to review or analyze reports
delivered to it. Delivery of such information, documents and reports to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute actual or constructive notice or knowledge of any information
contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Issuers compliance with any of this Section 4.03 hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officers Certificates). The
Trustee will have no responsibility to determine if the Issuer has filed any statements or information with the SEC or posted such statements or information on its website or Intralinks or any comparable password-protected online data system or to
participate in conference calls. 

Section 4.04.Compliance Certificate. 

(a) The Issuers shall deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year ending after the Issue Date, a
certificate from the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal operating officer or principal accounting officer of Opco stating that a review of the activities of the Issuers and their Restricted Subsidiaries during the
preceding fiscal year has been made under the supervision of the signing Officer with a view to determining whether the Issuers and their Restricted Subsidiaries have fulfilled all of their respective obligations under this Indenture during the
preceding fiscal year, and further stating, as to such Officer signing such certificate, that to the best of his or her knowledge, the Issuers and their Restricted Subsidiaries during such preceding fiscal year have fulfilled all of their
obligations under this Indenture during such fiscal year or, if a Default in fulfillment of any such obligations during such period, specifying each such Default and status thereof. 

-83- 

(b) The Issuers shall deliver to the Trustee within 30 days after the Issuers become
aware (unless such Default has been cured before the end of the 30 day period) of the occurrence of any Default an Officers Certificate specifying the Default and what action, if any, the Issuers are taking or propose to take with respect
thereto. 

Section 4.05.Reserved. 

Section 4.06.Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. The Issuers and each Guarantor covenants (to the extent
permitted by applicable law) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law or any usury law or other law that would prohibit or forgive such Issuer
or such Guarantor from paying all or any portion of the principal of and/or interest on the Notes or the Note Guarantee of any such Guarantor as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the
covenants or the performance of this Indenture and the Notes; and the Issuers and each of the Guarantors (to the extent permitted by applicable law) each hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it shall
not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but shall suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted. 

Section 4.07.Limitation on Restricted Payments. 

(a) Opco will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly: 

(i) declare or pay any dividend or make any distribution on or with respect to Capital Stock of Opco or any Restricted
Subsidiary held by Persons other than Opco or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, other than (A) dividends or distributions payable solely in shares of its Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) or in options, warrants or other
rights to acquire shares of such Capital Stock and (B) pro rata dividends or other distributions made by a Restricted Subsidiary of Opco that is not Wholly Owned to minority stockholders (or owners of equivalent interests in the event such
Subsidiary is not a corporation); 

(ii) purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire for value any shares of Capital
Stock (including options, warrants or other rights to acquire such shares of Capital Stock) of Opco or any of its direct or indirect parent entities held by any Person (other than a Restricted Subsidiary); 

(iii) make any voluntary or optional principal payment, or voluntary or optional redemption, repurchase, defeasance or
other acquisition or retirement for value, or give any irrevocable notice of redemption of Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuers or any Subsidiary Guarantor, in each case excluding (A) any intercompany Indebtedness between or among Parent,
the Issuers or any of the Subsidiary Guarantors; (B) the payment, purchase, redemption, defeasance, acquisition or retirement (collectively, a purchase) of Subordinated Indebtedness purchased in anticipation of
satisfying a sinking fund obligation, principal installment or final maturity, in each case due within one year of the date of such payment, purchase, redemption, defeasance, acquisition or retirement; and (C) the giving of an irrevocable
notice of redemption with respect to a transaction described in clauses (iii) or (v) of Section 4.07(b); or 

-84- 

(iv) make an Investment, other than a Permitted Investment, in any
Person, (such payments or any other actions described in clauses (i) through (iv) above being collectively Restricted Payments) if, at the time of, and after giving effect to, the proposed Restricted Payment: 

(A) a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 

(B) the Issuers could not Incur at least $1.00 of Indebtedness under paragraphs (a) and (c) of
Section 4.09; or 

(C) the aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments (the amount, if other than in cash, to be
determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Issuers, whose determination shall be conclusive and evidenced by a Board Resolution) made after April 26, 2011 shall exceed the sum of, without duplication: 

(1) 95% of the aggregate amount of the Funds From Operations (or, if the Funds From Operations is a loss, minus 100% of
the amount of such loss) accrued on a cumulative basis during the period (taken as one accounting period) beginning April 1, 2011 and ending on the last day of the last fiscal quarter preceding the Transaction Date for which reports
have been filed with the SEC or provided pursuant to Section 4.03; plus 

(2) 100% of the aggregate Net Cash
Proceeds received by the Issuers after April 26, 2011 from (x) the issuance and sale of Opcos Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) or (y) the issuance and sale of Parents Capital Stock (to the extent
contributed to Opco as Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock)) to a Person who is not a Subsidiary of Parent, including from an issuance or sale permitted by this Indenture of Indebtedness of the Issuers or any of their Restricted
Subsidiaries for cash subsequent to April 26, 2011 upon the conversion of such Indebtedness into Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of Opco or Parent, or from the issuance to a Person who is not a Subsidiary of Parent of any
options, warrants or other rights to acquire Capital Stock of Opco or Parent (in each case, exclusive of any Disqualified Stock or any options, warrants or other rights that are redeemable at the option of the holder for cash or Indebtedness, or are
required to be redeemed, prior to the Stated Maturity of the Notes); plus 

(3) 100% of (x) the aggregate net
cash proceeds and (y) the fair market value of other property, in any such case, received by means of the sale or other disposition (other than to the Issuers or a Restricted Subsidiary) of Restricted Investments made by the Issuers or a
Restricted Subsidiary and repurchases and redemptions of such Restricted Investments from the Issuers or a Restricted Subsidiary (other than by the Issuers or a Restricted Subsidiary) and repayments of loans or advances that constitute
Restricted Investments made by the Issuers or a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case after April 26, 2011 (except, in each case, to the extent any such payment or proceeds are included in the calculation of Funds From Operations); plus 

(4) in the case of the redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or the merger,
amalgamation or consolidation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary into one of the Issuers or a Restricted Subsidiary or the transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of an Unrestricted Subsidiary to one of the Issuers or a Restricted Subsidiary
after April 26, 2011, the fair market 

-85- 

value, as determined in good faith by the Issuers (or if such fair market value exceeds the greater of (x) $442,000,000 and (y) 2.0% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the
Restricted Subsidiaries, as determined in writing by a nationally recognized investment banking, appraisal or accounting firm), of the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary or the assets transferred at the time of the redesignation of such
Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary or at the time of such merger, amalgamation, consolidation or transfer of assets (other than to the extent the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary constituted a Permitted Investment); plus

(5) the fair market value of non-cash tangible assets or Capital Stock
acquired in exchange for an issuance of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock or Capital Stock issued in exchange for Capital Stock of the Issuers or Parent utilized pursuant to clauses (iii) or (iv) of
Section 4.07(b)) of Opco or, to the extent contributed to Opco or one or more Restricted Subsidiaries, Parent, in each case, subsequent to April 26, 2011 (including upon conversion or exchange of the Common Units for Capital Stock of
Parent, in which case the fair market value shall equal the fair market value received upon issuance of such Common Units); plus 

(6) without duplication, in the event the Issuers or any Restricted Subsidiary makes any Investment in a Person that, as
a result of or in connection with such Investment, becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, an amount not to exceed the amount of Investments previously made by the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries in such Person that was treated as a Restricted
Payment. 

(b) Notwithstanding Section 4.07 (a), the limitations on Restricted Payments described above shall not apply to the
following: 

(i) any distribution or other action that the Issuers believe in good faith is necessary to maintain
Parents status as a REIT under the Code, if the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Indebtedness of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis determined in accordance with GAAP is less than 60% of consolidated
Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries as of the end of the fiscal quarter covered in Parents annual or quarterly report most recently furnished to Holders or filed with the SEC, as the case may be; 

(ii) the payment of any dividend or distribution or the consummation of any irrevocable redemption within 60 days
after the date of declaration thereof or the giving of a redemption notice related thereto, as the case may be, if, at said date of declaration or notice, such payment would comply with Section 4.07(a); 

(iii) the payment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value of Subordinated
Indebtedness, including premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest, with the proceeds of, or in exchange for, Indebtedness Incurred under Sections 4.09(a), (b) or (c) or Section 4.09(d)(xiii); 

(iv) (a) the making of any Restricted Payment in exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially
concurrent sale of, Capital Stock of Opco or Parent (other than any Disqualified Stock or any Capital Stock sold to an Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary or to an employee stock ownership plan or any trust established by Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries) or 

-86- 

from substantially concurrent contributions to the equity capital of Opco (collectively, including any such contributions, Refunding Capital Stock) (with any offering
within 90 days deemed as substantially concurrent); and (b) the declaration and payment of accrued dividends on any Capital Stock redeemed, repurchased, retired, defeased or acquired out of the proceeds of the sale of Refunding Capital
Stock within 90 days of such sale; provided that the amount of any such proceeds or contributions that are utilized for any Restricted Payment pursuant to this clause (iv) shall be excluded from the amount described in clause
(C)(2) of Section 4.07(a)(iv); 

(v) the payment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance or other acquisition or
retirement for value of Subordinated Indebtedness, including premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest with the proceeds of, or in exchange for, an issuance of shares of Capital Stock of Parent or Opco (or options, warrants or other rights to
acquire such Capital Stock) that occurs within 90 days of such payment, redemption, repurchase, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value; provided that the amount of any such proceeds or contributions that are
utilized for any Restricted Payments pursuant to this clause (v) shall be excluded from the amount described in clause (C)(2) of Section 4.07(a)(iv); 

(vi) (x) the distribution or dividend to Parent, the proceeds of which are used to repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire or retire for value any shares of Capital Stock of Parent held by any of Parents or Medical Property Trust LLCs Subsidiaries and (y) the repurchase, redemption or other acquisition or retirement for value of any shares of
Capital Stock of Opco or any Restricted Subsidiary in each case held by any of Parents or an Issuers or any Restricted Subsidiaries current or former officers, directors, consultants or employees (or any permitted transferees,
assigns, estates or heirs of any of the foregoing); provided, however, the aggregate amount distributed or dividended to Parent and paid by the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to this clause (vi) shall not
exceed the greater of (x) $111,000,000 and (y) 0.5% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries, in any calendar year (excluding for purposes of calculating such amount the amount paid for Capital Stock
repurchased, redeemed, acquired or retired with the cash proceeds from the repayment of outstanding loans previously made by Parent, an Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such Capital Stock),
with unused amounts in any calendar year being carried over to the next two succeeding calendar years; provided, further, that such amount in any calendar year may be increased by an amount not to exceed (A) the Net Cash Proceeds
from the sale of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of Opco or Parent to the extent contributed to Opco or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries by members of management, directors or consultants of Parent, Opco or any of the Restricted
Subsidiaries that occurs after April 26, 2011, to the extent such proceeds (i) have not otherwise been and are not thereafter applied to the payment of any other Restricted Payment or (ii) are not attributable to loans made by Parent,
an Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such Capital Stock, plus (B) the cash proceeds of key-man life insurance policies received by the Issuers and
their Restricted Subsidiaries after April 26, 2011, less (C) the amount of any Restricted Payments previously made pursuant to clauses (A) and (B) of this clause (vi); providedfurther, however, that
cancellation of Indebtedness owing to an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries from current or former officers, directors, consultants or employees (or any permitted transferees, assigns, estates or heirs of any of the foregoing) of
Parent, an Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary thereof in connection with a repurchase of Capital Stock of Parent, the Issuers or any Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed to constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of this Indenture; 

-87- 

(vii) (x) distributions or dividends to Parent, the proceeds of
which are used and (y) payments made or expected to be made by the Issuers or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case, in respect of withholding or similar taxes payable upon exercise of Capital Stock by any future, present or former employee,
director, officer, manager or consultant (or any permitted transferees, assigns, estates or heirs of any of the foregoing) and any repurchases of Capital Stock deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants if such Capital Stock
represents a portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants or required withholding or similar taxes and cashless repurchases of Capital Stock deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants if such Capital Stock represent a
portion of the exercise price of such options or warrants; 

(viii) the repurchase, redemption or other acquisition or
retirement for value of any Subordinated Indebtedness or Preferred Stock of any Issuer or Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to the provisions similar to those described under Sections 4.10 and 4.14; provided that all Notes validly tendered by
Holders in connection with a Change of Control Offer or Asset Sale Offer, as applicable, have been repurchased, redeemed, acquired or retired for value; 

(ix) Permitted Payments to Parent; 

(x) any distribution or dividend to Parent, the proceeds of which are used for the payment of cash in lieu of the
issuance of fractional shares of Capital Stock upon exercise or conversion of securities exercisable or convertible into Capital Stock of Parent and the payment of cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares of Capital Stock upon exercise or
conversion of securities exercisable or convertible into Capital Stock of Opco; 

(xi) additional Restricted Payments
so long as, after giving pro forma effect thereto (including any incurrence and/or repayment of Indebtedness in connection therewith), the Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to 5.00 to 1.00 as of the last day of the most recent
fiscal quarter or year; or 

(xii) additional Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of
(x) $1,547,000,000 and (y) 7.0% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries at any time outstanding; 

provided, however, that, in the case of clauses (vi), (xi) and (xii), no Default and no Event of Default will have occurred
and be continuing or occur as a direct consequence of the actions or payments set forth therein. 

(c) The net amount of any
Restricted Payment permitted pursuant to Section 4.07(b)(i) and (ii) (adjusted to avoid double-counting) shall be included in calculating whether the conditions of Section 4.07(a)(iv)(C) have been met with respect to
any subsequent Restricted Payments. The net amount of any Restricted Payment permitted pursuant to clauses (iii) through (xii) of the immediately preceding paragraph shall be excluded in calculating whether the conditions of
Section 4.07(a)(iv)(C) have been met with respect to any subsequent Restricted Payments. The amount of all Restricted Payments (other than cash) shall be the fair market value on the date of the Restricted Payment of the
asset(s) or securities proposed to be transferred or issued to or by the Issuers or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, pursuant to the Restricted Payment. 

(d) For purposes of determining compliance with this section 4.07, in the event that a payment or other action meets the criteria of
more than one of the exceptions described in clauses (i) through (xii) of Section 4.07(b), or is permitted to be made pursuant to Section 4.07(a) (including by virtue of qualifying as a Permitted Investment), the Issuers will be
permitted to classify such payment or other action on the date of its occurrence in any manner that complies with this Section 4.07. Payments 

-88- 

or other actions permitted by this Section 4.07 need not be permitted solely by reference to one provision permitting such payment or other action but may be permitted in part by one such
provision and in part by one or more other provisions of this Section 4.07 permitting such payment or other action (including pursuant to any section of the definition of Permitted Investment). 

(e) For purposes of determining compliance with any Dollar-denominated restriction on Restricted Payments denominated in a foreign
currency, the Dollar-equivalent amount of such Restricted Payment shall be calculated based the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Restricted Payment was made. 

(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuers, the Pledgors and the other Guarantors will not, and will not permit any Notes Pledged
Subsidiary or other Restricted Subsidiary to, make any Restricted Payment or Permitted Investment involving assets or property constituting Collateral, Secured Pool Properties or the Capital Stock of a Notes Pledged Subsidiary (other than Restricted
Payments or Permitted Investments of such assets or property to one or more Notes Pledged Subsidiaries). 

Section 4.08.Limitation on Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries.

(a) The Issuers will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiaries to, create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or
become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction of any kind on the ability of any such Restricted Subsidiary to: 

(i) pay dividends or make any other distributions permitted by applicable law on any Capital Stock of such Restricted
Subsidiary owned by an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; 

(ii) pay any Indebtedness owed to an Issuer or
any other Restricted Subsidiary; 

(iii) make loans or advances to an Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary; or

(iv) transfer its property or assets to an Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary. 

(b) The foregoing provisions shall not restrict any encumbrances or restrictions: 

(i) existing under, by reason of or with respect to, this Indenture, the Security Documents, the First Lien Intercreditor
Agreement, the U.S. Credit Agreement and any other agreement in effect on the Issue Date as in effect on the Issue Date, and any amendments, modifications, restatements, extensions, increases, supplements, refundings, refinancing, renewals or
replacements of such agreements; provided, however, that the encumbrances and restrictions in any such amendments, modifications, restatements, extensions, increases, supplements, refundings, refinancing, renewals or replacements are
not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, than those in effect on the Issue Date; 

(ii) existing under, by
reason of or with respect to any other Indebtedness of the Issuers or their Restricted Subsidiaries permitted under this Indenture; provided, however, that the Issuers have determined in good faith that the encumbrances and
restrictions contained in the agreement or agreements governing the other Indebtedness are not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, than those contained in customary comparable financings and will not impair in any material respect the
Issuers and Guarantors ability to make payments on the Notes and Note Guarantees thereof when due; 

-89- 

(iii) existing with respect to any Person or the property or assets of
such Person acquired by an Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, existing at the time of such acquisition and not incurred in contemplation thereof, which encumbrances or restrictions are not applicable to any Person or the property or assets of any
Person other than such Person or the property or assets of such Person so acquired and any amendments, modifications, restatements, extensions, increases, supplements, refundings, refinancing, renewals or replacements thereof; provided,
however, that the encumbrances and restrictions in any such amendments, modifications, restatements, extensions, increases, supplements, refundings, refinancing, renewals or replacements are entered into in the ordinary course of business or are
not materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, than those contained in the instruments or agreements with respect to such Person or its property or assets as in effect on the date of such acquisition; 

(iv) existing under, by reason of or with respect to provisions in joint venture, operating or similar agreements; 

(v) in the case of clause (D) in the first paragraph of this Section 4.08: 

(A) that restrict in a customary manner the subletting, assignment or transfer of any property or asset that is a lease,
license, conveyance or contract or similar property or asset; 

(B) existing by virtue of any transfer of, agreement
to transfer, option or right with respect to, or Lien on, any property or assets of an Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary not otherwise prohibited by this Indenture; 

(C) existing under, by reason of or with respect to (1) purchase money obligations for property acquired in the
ordinary course of business or (2) capital leases or operating leases that impose encumbrances or restrictions on the property so acquired or covered thereby; or 

(D) arising or agreed to in the ordinary course of business, not relating to any Indebtedness, and that do not,
individually or in the aggregate, detract from the value of property or assets of an Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in any manner material to an Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 

(vi) any encumbrance or restriction with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary that is a Guarantor which was previously an
Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to or by reason of an agreement that such Subsidiary is a party to or entered into before the date on which such Subsidiary became a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that such agreement was not entered into in
anticipation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming a Restricted Subsidiary and any such encumbrance or restriction does not extend to any assets or property of the Issuers or any other Restricted Subsidiary other than the assets and property of
such Subsidiary; 

(vii) with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary and imposed pursuant to an agreement that has been
entered into for the sale or disposition of the Capital Stock of, or property and assets of, such Restricted Subsidiary that restricts distributions by that Restricted Subsidiary pending the closing of such sale or other disposition; or 

(viii) encumbrances or restrictions existing under or by reason of applicable law, regulation, order, approval, license,
permit or similar restriction or agreement with governmental authorities with respect to assets located in their jurisdiction. 

-90- 

Nothing contained in this Section 4.08 shall prevent an Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary from
restricting the sale or other disposition of property or assets of an Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that secure Indebtedness of the Issuers or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries. For purposes of determining compliance with this
Section 4.08, (1) the priority of any Preferred Stock in receiving dividends or liquidating distributions prior to distributions being paid on Common Stock shall not be deemed a restriction on the ability to make distributions on Capital Stock,
and (2) the subordination of loans or advances made to a Restricted Subsidiary to other Indebtedness incurred by such Restricted Subsidiary shall not be deemed a restriction on the ability to make loans or advances. 

Section 4.09.Limitation on Indebtedness. 

(a) The Issuers will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, to Incur any Indebtedness (including Acquired
Indebtedness) if, immediately after giving effect to the Incurrence of such additional Indebtedness and the receipt and application of the proceeds therefrom, the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Indebtedness of the Issuers and the
Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis would be greater than 60% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries. 

(b) The Issuers will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, to Incur any Secured Indebtedness (including Acquired
Indebtedness that is Secured Indebtedness) if, immediately after giving effect to the Incurrence of such additional Secured Indebtedness and the receipt and application of the proceeds therefrom, the aggregate principal amount of all
outstanding Secured Indebtedness of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis would be greater than 40% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries. 

(c) The Issuers will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, to Incur any Indebtedness (including Acquired
Indebtedness); provided, however, that the Issuers or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries may Incur Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) if, after giving effect to the Incurrence of such Indebtedness and the receipt and
application of the proceeds therefrom, the Interest Coverage Ratio of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis would be at least 2.0 to 1.0. 

(d) Notwithstanding paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above, the Issuers or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries (except as
specified below) may Incur each and all of the following: 

(i) Indebtedness of the Issuers or any of the
Restricted Subsidiaries outstanding under any Credit Facility at any time in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the greater of (x) $6,630,000,000 and (y) 30% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted
Subsidiaries; provided, however, that any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness incurred under clause (xiii) below in respect of such Indebtedness shall be deemed to have been incurred under this clause (i) for purposes of
determining the amount of Indebtedness that may at any time be incurred under this clause (i); 

(ii) Indebtedness of
the Issuers or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries owed to: 

(A) the Issuers evidenced by an unsubordinated promissory
note; or 

(B) any Restricted Subsidiary; 

-91- 

provided, however, that any event that results in any such Restricted
Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuers or any subsequent transfer of such Indebtedness (other than to the Issuers or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Issuers) shall be deemed, in each case, to constitute an
Incurrence of such Indebtedness not permitted by this clause (ii); 

(iii) Indebtedness of the Issuers or any of
their Restricted Subsidiaries under Currency Agreements and Interest Rate Agreements; provided that such agreements (x) are designed solely to protect the Issuers or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries against fluctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates or interest rates (whether fluctuations of fixed to floating rate interest or floating to fixed rate interest) and (y) do not increase the Indebtedness of the obligor outstanding at any time other than as a result
of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates or by reason of fees, indemnities and compensation payable thereunder; 

(iv) Indebtedness of the Issuers or any of the Subsidiary Guarantors, to the extent the net proceeds thereof are
promptly: 

(A) used to purchase Notes tendered in a Change of Control Offer made as a result of a Change of Control
Triggering Event; 

(B) used to redeem all outstanding Notes pursuant to Section 3 of the Notes; 

(C) deposited to defease outstanding Notes pursuant to Sections 8.02 and 8.03; or 

(D) deposited to discharge the Notes Obligations pursuant to Section 8.01; 

(v) (A) Guarantees of Indebtedness of the Issuers by any of the Subsidiary Guarantors; provided the guarantee
of such Indebtedness is permitted by and made in accordance with Section 4.15, and (B) Guarantees by a Subsidiary Guarantor of any Indebtedness of any other Subsidiary Guarantor; 

(vi) Indebtedness outstanding on the Issue Date (other than pursuant to clause (i) or (vii)); 

(vii) Indebtedness represented by the Notes issued on the Issue Date and Note Guarantees of the Notes; 

(viii) Indebtedness consisting of obligations to pay insurance premiums incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(ix) Indebtedness in respect of any bankers acceptance, bank guarantees, letter of credit, warehouse receipt or
similar facilities, and reinvestment obligations related thereto, entered into in the ordinary course of business; 

(x) Indebtedness in respect of workers compensation claims, self-insurance obligations, indemnities, bankers
acceptances, performance, completion and surety bonds or guarantees and similar types of obligations in the ordinary course of business; 

(xi) Indebtedness represented by cash management obligations and other obligations in respect of netting services,
automatic clearinghouse arrangements, overdraft protections and similar arrangements in each case in connection with deposit accounts; 

-92- 

(xii) Indebtedness supported by a letter of credit procured by the
Issuers or their Restricted Subsidiaries in a principal amount not in excess of the stated amount of such letter of credit and where the underlying Indebtedness would otherwise be permitted; 

(xiii) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to refund,
refinance or replace, Indebtedness (other than intercompany Indebtedness) that was permitted by this Indenture to be incurred in accordance with Sections 4.09(a), (b) and (c) or clauses (i), (vi), (vii), (xiii) or
(xv) of this Section 4.09(d); 

(xiv) Indebtedness (including Capitalized Lease Obligations) Incurred
by the Issuers or any Restricted Subsidiary within 270 days of the related purchase, lease or improvement, to finance the purchase, lease or improvement of property (real or personal) or equipment used in the business of the Issuers or any
Restricted Subsidiary, whether through the direct purchase of assets or the Capital Stock of any Person owning such assets in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed at any one time outstanding the greater of (x) $884,000,000 and
(y) 4.0% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries at any time outstanding; or 

(xv) additional Indebtedness of the Issuers and their Restricted Subsidiaries in aggregate principal amount at any time
outstanding not to exceed the greater of (x) $884,000,000 and (y) 4.0% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries; provided, however, that any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness
incurred under clause (xiii) above in respect of such Indebtedness shall be deemed to have been incurred under this clause (xv) for purposes of determining the amount of Indebtedness that may at any time be incurred under this
clause (xv). 

(e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 4.09, the Issuers and the Subsidiary Pledgors will
not permit any Notes Pledged Subsidiary to, Incur, Guarantee or grant any Lien securing any Indebtedness for borrowed money (or Guarantees thereof), other than (i) Note Guarantees of the Notes, (ii) unsecured intercompany indebtedness owed
to an Issuer or its direct parent (that is a Guarantor), which Indebtedness is pledged as Collateral on a First-Priority Lien basis (subject to Permitted Liens) substantially concurrently with the incurrence of such Indebtedness and (iii) to
the extent any such Notes Pledged Subsidiary has Guaranteed the Notes, Guarantees of the U.S. Credit Agreement or any other First-Priority Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred by this Indenture. 

(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 4.09 the maximum amount of Indebtedness that Parent, the Issuers or any of
the Restricted Subsidiaries may Incur pursuant to this Section 4.09 shall not be deemed to be exceeded, with respect to any outstanding Indebtedness, due solely to the result of fluctuations in the exchange rates of currencies. 

(g) For purposes of determining any particular amount of Indebtedness under this Section 4.09, (i) Indebtedness Incurred and
outstanding under the U.S. Credit Agreement on the Issue Date (after giving effect to the repayment of borrowings thereunder as described in Use of Proceeds of the Offering Memorandum) shall be treated as Incurred pursuant to
clause (i) of paragraph (d) of this Section 4.09 and may not be reclassified, and (ii) Guarantees, Liens or Obligations with respect to letters of credit supporting Indebtedness otherwise included in the determination
of such particular amount shall not be included. 

For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 4.09, in the event that an
item of Indebtedness meets the criteria of more than one of the categories of permitted Indebtedness described in clauses (i) through (xv) of paragraph (d) above or is entitled to be incurred pursuant to
paragraphs (a), 

-93- 

(b) and (c) above, the Issuers shall, in their sole discretion, be entitled to classify all or a portion of such item of Indebtedness on the date of its incurrence or issuance and
determine the order of such incurrence or issuance (and may later reclassify such item of Indebtedness) and may divide and classify such Indebtedness in more than one of the types of Indebtedness described, and, in such event, such item of
Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) will be treated as being incurred or existing pursuant to only such clause, clauses, paragraph or paragraphs (or, in each case, any portion thereof) without giving pro forma effect to such item (or portion
thereof) when calculating the amount of Indebtedness that may be incurred pursuant to any other clause or paragraph. At any time that the Issuers or the Restricted Subsidiaries would be entitled to have incurred any then-outstanding Indebtedness
under paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 4.09, such Indebtedness shall be automatically reclassified into Indebtedness incurred pursuant to those paragraphs. 

Indebtedness permitted by this Section 4.09 need not be permitted solely by reference to one provision permitting such Indebtedness, but
may be permitted in part by one such provision and in part by one or more other provisions of this Section 4.09 permitting such Indebtedness. For the avoidance of doubt, the outstanding principal amount of any particular Indebtedness shall be
counted only once and any Obligations arising under any guarantee, Lien, letter of credit or similar instrument supporting such Indebtedness shall not be double-counted. 

For purposes of determining compliance with any Dollar-denominated restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the Dollar-equivalent
principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date such Indebtedness was incurred, in the case of term debt, or first committed, in the case of
revolving credit debt; provided, however, that if such Indebtedness is incurred to refinance other Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, and such refinancing would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction to be
exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, such Dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness
does not exceed the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced, plus any committed amounts associated therewith, the amount of any reasonable premium (including reasonable tender premiums), defeasance costs and any reasonable fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of such new Indebtedness. The principal amount of any Indebtedness incurred to refinance other Indebtedness, if incurred in a different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced, shall be
calculated based on the currency exchange rate applicable to the currencies in which such respective Indebtedness is denominated that is in effect on the date of such refinancing. 

For all purposes under this Indenture, including for purposes of calculating the Interest Coverage Ratio and the Consolidated Net Leverage
Ratio, as applicable, in connection with the incurrence, issuance or assumption of any Indebtedness pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b), (c) or (d) above or the incurrence or creation of any Lien pursuant to the definition of Permitted
Liens, the Issuers may elect, at their option, to treat all or any portion of the committed amount of any Indebtedness (and the issuance and creation of letters of credit and bankers acceptances thereunder) which is to be incurred (or
any commitment in respect thereof) or secured by such Lien, as the case may be (any such committed amount elected until revoked as described below, the Reserved Indebtedness Amount), as being incurred as of such election date,
and, if such Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio or other provision of this Indenture, as applicable, is complied with (or satisfied) with respect thereto on such election date, any subsequent borrowing or reborrowing thereunder
(and the issuance and creation of letters of credit and bankers acceptances thereunder) will be deemed to be permitted pursuant to this Section 4.09 or the definition of Permitted Liens, as applicable, whether or not the
Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio or other provision of this Indenture, as applicable, at the actual time of any subsequent borrowing or reborrowing (or issuance or creation of letters of credit or bankers acceptances

-94- 

thereunder) is complied with (or satisfied) for all purposes (including as to the absence of any continuing Default or Event of Default); provided that for purposes of subsequent
calculations of the Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio or other provision of this Indenture, as applicable, the Reserved Indebtedness Amount shall be deemed to be outstanding, whether or not such amount is actually outstanding,
for so long as such commitments are outstanding or until the Issuers revoke an election of a Reserved Indebtedness Amount. 

Section 4.10.Limitation on Asset Sales. 

(a) The Issuers will not, and will not permit any of their Restricted Subsidiaries to, consummate any Asset Sale, unless: 

(i) the consideration received by the Issuers or such Restricted Subsidiary (including by way of relief from, or by way
of any other Person assuming sole responsibility for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise) is at least equal to the fair market value of the assets sold or disposed of (such fair market value to be determined as of the date of contractually
agreeing to such Asset Sale); and 

(ii) at least 75% of the consideration received from such Asset Sale consists of
cash, Temporary Cash Investments or Replacement Assets, or a combination of cash, Temporary Cash Investments or Replacement Assets; provided, however, with respect to the sale of one or more properties that up to 75% of the
consideration may consist of indebtedness of the purchaser of such properties so long as such Indebtedness is secured by a first priority Lien on the property or properties sold (such Indebtedness, Debt Consideration) (provided
that, solely to the extent that the LTV Condition is not satisfied after giving effect to such Asset Sale, any application of proceeds thereof that occurs substantially concurrently with such Asset Sale, and any other pro forma adjustments set forth
in the definition of LTV Condition, (A) if such Asset Sale is in respect of any Collateral, such Debt Consideration is subject to a First-Priority Lien and (B) if such Asset Sale is by a Notes Pledged Subsidiary, such Debt
Consideration is held by, assigned or otherwise conveyed to such Notes Pledged Subsidiary substantially simultaneously with the receipt or issuance thereof). 

(b) For purposes of this Section 4.10, each of the following shall be deemed to be cash: 

(i) any liabilities of the Issuers or any Restricted Subsidiary (as shown on the most recent consolidated balance sheet
of the Issuers and their Restricted Subsidiaries other than contingent liabilities and liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the Notes or any Note Guarantee of the Notes) that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets
pursuant to an agreement that releases the Issuers or any such Restricted Subsidiary from further liability with respect to such liabilities or that are assumed by contract or operation of law; 

(ii) any securities, notes or other obligations received by an Issuer or any such Restricted Subsidiary from such
transferee that are converted by such Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash or Temporary Cash Investments within 180 days (to the extent of the cash or Temporary Cash Investments received in that conversion); and 

(iii) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received by the Issuers or any such
Restricted Subsidiary in such Asset Sale having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (iii) that is at the
time outstanding, not to exceed the greater of (x) $442,000,000 and (y) 2.0% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries at the time of the receipt of

-95- 

such Designated Non-Cash Consideration, with the fair market value of each item of Designated Non-Cash
Consideration being measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value; provided, that, solely to the extent that the LTV Condition is not satisfied after giving effect to such Asset Sale, any application
of proceeds thereof that occurs substantially concurrently with such Asset Sale, and any other pro forma adjustments set forth in the definition of LTV Condition, if (A) such Asset Sale is in respect of any Collateral, the
Designated Non-Cash Consideration so received is pledged as Collateral on a First-Priority Lien basis in accordance with the requirements of this Indenture and (B) such Asset Sale is by a Notes Pledged
Subsidiary, the Designated Non-Cash Consideration so received is assigned or otherwise conveyed to such Notes Pledged Subsidiary substantially simultaneously with such receipt. 

(c) Within 450 days after the receipt of any Net Cash Proceeds from an Asset Sale, the Issuers or any such Restricted Subsidiary
may apply such Net Cash Proceeds: 

(i) to acquire all or substantially all of the assets of a Person or a majority of
the Voting Stock of another Person that thereupon becomes a Restricted Subsidiary engaged in a Permitted Business; provided that, solely to the extent that the LTV Condition is not satisfied after giving effect to such Asset Sale, any
application of proceeds thereof that occurs substantially concurrently with such Asset Sale, and any other pro forma adjustments set forth in the definition of LTV Condition, if (A) such Asset Sale is in respect of any Collateral,
(x) any Voting Stock so acquired is pledged as Collateral under the Security Documents substantially simultaneously with such acquisition in accordance with the requirements of this Indenture, and (y) any other assets so acquired are
pledged as Collateral on a First-Priority Lien basis substantially simultaneously with such acquisition in accordance with the requirements of this Indenture; and (B) such Asset Sale is by a Notes Pledged Subsidiary, any assets so acquired are
assigned or otherwise conveyed to such Notes Pledged Subsidiary; 

(ii) to prepay, repay, redeem or purchase the Notes
or Pari Passu Indebtedness; provided that if such Asset Sale is with respect to any Collateral, Secured Pool Properties or the Capital Stock of a Notes Pledged Subsidiary (except to the extent that the Issuers are not in
borrowing base compliance at such time under the U.S. Credit Agreement and the U.S. Credit Agreement requires prepayment ahead of the Notes at such time) and the Issuers or a Guarantor shall so prepay, repay, redeem or purchase any
Pari Passu Indebtedness with the Net Cash Proceeds from the sale of such Collateral, Secured Pool Properties or the Capital Stock of a Notes Pledged Subsidiary, the Issuers will equally and ratably reduce Notes Obligations under each Series
of Notes pursuant to the redemption provisions of this Indenture, through open market purchases (to the extent such purchasers are at a purchase price at or above 100% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any) or by
making an offer to all Holders to purchase their Notes at 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest (and such offer shall be deemed for purposes of this Section 4.10 to be a use of proceeds from an Asset Sale equal
to the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds offered to the holders, whether or not the offer is accepted by any or all holders); 

(iii) to make a capital expenditure or to acquire Replacement Assets to be used or that are useful in a Permitted
Business; provided that, solely to the extent that the LTV Condition is not satisfied after giving effect to such Asset Sale, any application of proceeds thereof that occurs substantially concurrently with such Asset Sale, and any other pro
forma adjustments set forth in the definition of LTV Condition, if (A) such Asset Sale is in respect of any Collateral, the assets so acquired are pledged as Collateral on a First-Priority Lien basis substantially simultaneously
with such acquisition in accordance with the requirements of this Indenture and (B) such Asset Sale is by a Notes Pledged Subsidiary, the assets so acquired are assigned or otherwise conveyed to such Notes Pledged Subsidiary; or 

-96- 

(iv) any combination of the foregoing; 

provided that the Issuers will be deemed to have complied with the provisions described in clauses (i) and (iii) of this
paragraph if and to the extent that, within 450 days after the Asset Sale that generated the Net Cash Proceeds, the Issuers or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries has entered into and not abandoned or rejected a binding agreement to acquire the
assets or Voting Stock of a Permitted Business, acquire Replacement Assets or make a capital expenditure in compliance with the provisions described in clauses (i) and (iii) of this paragraph (each an Acceptable
Commitment), and that an Acceptable Commitment (or a replacement commitment should the Acceptable Commitment be subsequently cancelled or terminated for any reason) is thereafter completed within 180 days after the end of such 450-day period. Pending the final application of any such Net Cash Proceeds, the Issuers may temporarily reduce the revolving Indebtedness under any Credit Facility or otherwise invest such Net Cash Proceeds in any
manner that is not prohibited by this Indenture. The amount of such excess Net Cash Proceeds required to be applied (or to be committed to be applied) during such 450-day period as set forth in this
paragraph (c) and not so applied by the end of such period shall constitute Excess Proceeds. 

(d) When
the aggregate amount of Excess Proceeds exceeds the greater of (x) $221.0 million and (y) 1.0% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries (the Excess Proceeds Cap), the Issuers shall
make an offer to all holders of each Series of Notes and, if required by the terms of any Pari Passu Indebtedness, to the holders of such Pari Passu Indebtedness on a pro rata basis (an Asset Sale Offer), to purchase
the maximum aggregate principal amount of each Series of Notes and such Pari Passu Indebtedness that is in an amount equal to at least $2,000 with respect to the Dollar Notes and 100,000 with respect to the Euro Notes, that may be
purchased out of the Excess Proceeds at an offer price in cash in an amount equal to 100.0% of the principal amount thereof (or accreted value thereof, if less), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and any Additional Amounts with respect to
the Euro Notes, if any, to the date fixed for the closing of such offer, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Indenture. The Issuers will commence an Asset Sale Offer with respect to Excess Proceeds within ten (10) Business Days
after the date that Excess Proceeds exceed the Excess Proceeds Cap by delivering the notice required pursuant to the terms of this Indenture, with a copy to the Trustee. The Issuers may satisfy the foregoing obligations with respect to any Excess
Proceeds from an Asset Sale by making an Asset Sale Offer with respect to such Excess Proceeds prior to the expiration of the relevant 450 days or with respect to Excess Proceeds equal to the Excess Proceeds Cap or less. 

(e) To the extent that the aggregate amount of each Series of Notes and such Pari Passu Indebtedness tendered pursuant to an
Asset Sale Offer is less than the Excess Proceeds, the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries may use any remaining Excess Proceeds for any purpose not prohibited by this Indenture. If the aggregate principal amount of either Series of Notes or the
Pari Passu Indebtedness surrendered by such holders thereof exceeds the amount of Excess Proceeds, the Trustee will select the Dollar Notes in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC and the paying agent or registrar for the Euro
Notes shall select the Euro Notes in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, as applicable, and the Issuers shall select such Pari Passu Indebtedness to be purchased on a pro rata basis based on the accreted
value or principal amount of each applicable Series of Notes or such Pari Passu Indebtedness tendered. Upon completion of any such Asset Sale Offer, the amount of Excess Proceeds that resulted in the Asset Sale Offer shall be reset to zero.

(f) Pending the final application of any Net Cash Proceeds pursuant to this Section 4.10, the holder of such Net Cash Proceeds
may apply such Net Cash Proceeds temporarily to reduce Indebtedness outstanding under a revolving credit facility or otherwise invest such Net Cash Proceeds in any manner not prohibited by this Indenture. 

-97- 

(g) For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
above, in the case of Net Cash Proceeds received by any non-Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary, only that portion of such proceeds that are allocable (based on economic share and not necessarily percentage
ownership) to the Issuers will be subject to the requirement to make an offer in accordance with this Section 4.10(g) and will be applied towards the Excess Proceeds Cap. 

(h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 4.10, the Issuers shall not be required to make an Asset Sale Offer
with respect to any amount: 

(i) to the extent that the relevant Net Cash Proceeds of any Asset Sales by a Foreign
Restricted Subsidiary (a Foreign Disposition) is prohibited, restricted or delayed under any Requirements of Law, from being repatriated to the United States, an amount equal to the portion of such Net Cash Proceeds so affected
will not be required to be applied in compliance with this Section 4.10, and such amounts may be retained by the Foreign Restricted Subsidiary so long, but only so long, as the Requirements of Law will not permit repatriation to the United
States (the Issuers hereby agreeing to cause the applicable Foreign Restricted Subsidiary to promptly take all commercially reasonable actions (as determined by the Issuers reasonable business judgment) required to permit such repatriation);
it being understood and agreed that once the repatriation of the relevant affected Net Cash Proceeds is permitted under Requirements of Law, the relevant Foreign Restricted Subsidiary will promptly repatriate the relevant Net Cash Proceeds and the
repatriated Net Cash Proceeds will be applied within ten (10) Business Days (net of additional Taxes payable or reserved against as a result thereof) to make an Asset Sale Offer to the extent required herein; or 

(ii) to the extent that the relevant Net Cash Proceeds are received in respect of any joint venture for so long as the
distribution to the Issuers of such Net Cash Proceeds would be prohibited under the organizational documents governing such joint venture (so long as such distribution restrictions were not implemented for the purpose of avoiding mandatory
repurchase requirements); it being understood and agreed that once such distribution is permitted under the organizational documents governing such joint venture, the relevant joint venture will promptly distribute the relevant Net Cash Proceeds and
the distributed Net Cash Proceeds will be applied within ten (10) Business Days to make an Asset Sale Offer to the extent required herein. 

(i) Notwithstanding the above, if the Issuers determine in good faith that the repatriation to the Issuers as a distribution or dividend
of any amounts required to make an Asset Sale Offer that are attributable to any Foreign Restricted Subsidiary would result in a material and adverse Tax liability (including any withholding Tax) (such amount, a Restricted
Amount), the amount with respect to which the Issuers shall be required to make an Asset Sale Offer shall be reduced by the Restricted Amount; provided that to the extent that the repatriation of the relevant Net Cash Proceeds from
the relevant Foreign Restricted Subsidiary would no longer have a material and adverse tax consequence, an amount equal to the Restricted Amount (reduced by any relevant Taxes) will be applied within ten (10) Business Days to make an Asset Sale
Offer to the extent required herein. 

(j) The Issuers will comply with the requirements of
Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent such laws or regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of the Notes pursuant to
an Asset Sale Offer. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the provisions of this Indenture, the Issuers will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have
breached 

-98- 

its obligations described in this Indenture by virtue thereof. The Issuers may rely on any no-action letters issued by the SEC indicating that the staff of
the SEC will not recommend enforcement action in the event a tender offer satisfies certain conditions. 

Section 4.11.Limitation on Transactions with Affiliates. 

(a) The Issuers will not, and will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into, renew or extend
any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of property or assets, or the rendering of any service) with any Holder (or any Affiliate of such Holder) of 10% or more of any class of Capital Stock of Parent or with any
Affiliate of Parent, an Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case involving consideration in excess of the greater of (x) $66,300,000 and (y) 0.3% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries, except
upon terms that are not materially less favorable to the Issuers or such Restricted Subsidiary than could be obtained, at the time of such transaction or, if such transaction is pursuant to a written agreement, at the time of the execution of the
agreement providing therefor, in a comparable arms-length transaction with a Person that is not such a Holder or an Affiliate or if in the good faith judgment of Parents Board of Directors, no
comparable transaction is available with which to compare such transaction, such transaction is otherwise fair to the Issuers or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view. 

(b) The limitation set forth in Section 4.11(a) does not limit, and shall not apply to: 

(i) transactions (A) approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Board of Directors of Parent, or
where no such disinterested directors exist, by unanimous approval of the directors of the Board of Directors of Parent or (B) for which Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary delivers to the Trustee a written opinion of a nationally recognized
investment banking, appraisal or accounting firm stating that the transaction is fair to Parent or such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view; 

(ii) any transaction solely between an Issuer and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or solely between Restricted
Subsidiaries; 

(iii) the payment of reasonable fees and compensation (including through the issuance of Capital
Stock) to, and indemnification and similar arrangements on behalf of, current, former or future directors, officers, employees or consultants of Parent or any Restricted Subsidiary of Parent; 

(iv) the issuance or sale of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of an Issuer; 

(v) any Restricted Payments not prohibited by Section 4.07 and Investments constituting Permitted Investments; 

(vi) any contracts, instruments or other agreements or arrangements in each case as in effect on the date of this
Indenture, and any transactions pursuant thereto or contemplated thereby, or any amendment, modification or supplement thereto or any replacement thereof entered into from time to time, as long as such agreement or arrangements as so amended,
modified, supplemented or replaced, taken as a whole, is not materially more disadvantageous to the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries at the time executed than the original agreement or arrangements as in effect on the date of this Indenture;

-99- 

(vii) any employment, consulting, service or termination agreement, or
customary indemnification arrangements, entered into by an Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary with current, former or future officers and employees of Parent or an Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary and the payment of compensation to officers and
employees of Parent, an Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (including amounts paid pursuant to employee benefit plans, employee stock option or similar plans), in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

(viii) loans and advances to officers and employees of Parent, an Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary or guarantees in
respect thereof (or cancellation of such loans, advances or guarantees), for bona fide business purposes, including for reasonable moving and relocation, entertainment and travel expenses and similar expenses, made in the ordinary course of
business; 

(ix) transactions with a Person that is an Affiliate of Parent or an Issuer solely because Parent or an
Issuer, directly or indirectly, owns Capital Stock of, or controls such Person; 

(x) any transaction with a Person
who is not an Affiliate immediately before the consummation of such transaction that becomes an Affiliate as a result of such transaction; or 

(xi) the entering into or amending of any tax sharing, allocation or similar agreement and any payments thereunder. 

Section 4.12.Liens. 

(a) The Pledgors will not, and the Issuers will not permit any Subsidiary Pledgor to, Incur any Lien on any Collateral (except Permitted
Liens). 

(b) The Notes Pledged Subsidiaries will not, and the Issuers and the Subsidiary Pledgors will not permit any Notes Pledged
Subsidiary to, Incur any Lien on any Underlying Asset (except Underlying Assets Permitted Liens). 

For purposes of determining compliance with this
Section 4.12, (A) a Lien securing an item of Indebtedness need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of permitted Liens (or any portion thereof) described in the definition of Permitted Lien or Underlying Assets
Permitted Lien, as applicable, or pursuant to the preceding paragraphs of this Section 4.12 but may be permitted in part under any combination thereof and (B) in the event that a Lien securing an item of Indebtedness (or any portion
thereof) meets the criteria of one or more of the categories of permitted Liens (or any portion thereof) described in the definition of Permitted Lien or Underlying Assets Permitted Lien, as applicable, or pursuant to the
preceding paragraphs of this Section 4.12, the Issuers may, in their sole discretion, classify or reclassify, or later divide, classify or reclassify (as if Incurred at such later time), such Lien securing such item of Indebtedness (or any
portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this Section 4.12 and will be entitled to only include the amount and type of such Lien or such item of Indebtedness secured by such Lien (or any portion thereof) in one of the categories of
permitted Liens (or any portion thereof) described in the definition of Permitted Lien or Underlying Assets Permitted Lien, as applicable, or pursuant to the preceding paragraphs of this Section 4.12 and, in such event,
such Lien securing such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) will be treated as being Incurred or existing pursuant to only such clause or clauses (or any portion thereof) or pursuant to any of the preceding paragraphs hereof without giving
pro forma effect to such item (or portion thereof) when calculating the amount of Liens or Indebtedness that may be Incurred pursuant to any other clause or paragraph. 

Section 4.13.Company Existence. Except as otherwise permitted by Article 5, Parent and the Issuers
shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect their corporate, partnership or other existence, as applicable, and the corporate, partnership or other existence,

-100- 

as applicable, of each of the Restricted Subsidiaries of Parent in accordance with the respective organizational documents of each such Restricted Subsidiary and the related material rights
(charter and statutory) of Parent, the Issuers and each Restricted Subsidiary of Parent; provided, however, that Parent and the Issuers shall not be required to preserve any such right or corporate existence with respect to themselves
or any Restricted Subsidiary if the Board of Directors of Parent or any Officer of Parent shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer necessary or desirable in the conduct of the business of Parent, the Issuers and their Restricted
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and that the loss thereof could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuers to perform their obligations hereunder and provided, further, however,
that the foregoing shall not prohibit a sale, transfer, conveyance, lease or disposal of a Restricted Subsidiary or any of Parents or any Restricted Subsidiarys assets in compliance with the terms of this Indenture. 

Section 4.14.Repurchase of Notes upon a Change of Control and Rating Decline.

(a) If a Change of Control Triggering Event occurs with respect to a Series of Notes, each Holder of such Series of Notes will have the
right to require the Issuers to purchase some or all (with respect to the Dollar Notes, in minimum principal amounts of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof and, with respect to the Euro Notes, in minimum principal amounts of
100,000 or an integral multiple of 1,000 in excess thereof) of such Holders Series of Notes pursuant to the offer described below (the Change of Control Offer). 

(b) Any Change of Control Offer will include a cash offer price of 101% of the principal amount of any such Series of Notes purchased
plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and Additional Amounts with respect to Euro Notes, if any, to the date of purchase (the Change of Control Payment). If a Change of Control Offer is required with respect to a Series of
Notes, within ten (10) Business Days following a Change of Control Triggering Event, the Issuers will mail a notice to each Holder of such Series of Notes (with a copy to the Trustee and the paying agent for such series) describing the
transaction or transactions that constitute, or are expected to constitute, the Change of Control Triggering Event, and offering to repurchase such Series of Notes on a specified date (the Change of Control Payment Date). The
Change of Control Payment Date will be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date the notice is mailed (or in the case of Global Notes, given pursuant to applicable DTC and Euroclear and Clearstream procedures, as applicable).

(c) On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuers will, to the extent lawful: 

(i) accept for payment all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Change of Control Offer; 

(ii) deposit the Change of Control Payment with the paying agent in respect of all Notes so accepted; and 

(iii) deliver to the applicable paying agent the Notes accepted and an Officers Certificate (with a copy to the
Trustee) stating the aggregate principal amount of all Notes (and of which Series) purchased by the Issuers. 

(d) The paying agent
of the applicable Series of Notes will promptly deliver to each Holder of Notes of a Series properly tendered the Change of Control Payment applicable to such Notes, and the paying agent of the applicable Series of Notes will promptly authenticate
and deliver, or cause to be transferred by book entry, to each Holder a new Note of the applicable Series in principal amount equal to any unpurchased portion of the Notes of such Series surrendered. 

-101- 

(e) The Issuers will comply with the requirements of Section 14(e) of the
Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable to any Change of Control Offer. If the provisions of any of the applicable securities laws or securities regulations conflict with the
provisions of this Section 4.14 described above, the Issuers will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and will not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the covenant described above by virtue of that
compliance. 

(f) For so long as the Euro Notes are admitted to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and for trading on its Global
Exchange Market and the rules of such exchange so require, the Issuers will deliver notices relating to the Change of Control to Euronext Dublin through its online portal, Euronext Direct. A third party, instead of the Issuers, may make the Change
of Control Offer in compliance with the requirements set forth in this Indenture and purchase all such Series of Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn. In addition, the Issuers will not be obligated to make or consummate a Change of Control
Offer with respect to a Series of Notes, if they have irrevocably elected (which election may be subject solely to the occurrence of the Change of Control Triggering Event) to redeem all of such Series of Notes pursuant to Section 3.07 and have
not defaulted in their redemption obligations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, a Change of Control Offer with respect to a Series of Notes may be made in advance of a Change of Control Triggering Event, subject to one or
more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, the consummation of such Change of Control Triggering Event. The Change of Control Payment Date may be delayed until such time (including more than 60 days after the notice is mailed or
delivered, including by electronic transmission) as such Change of Control Triggering Event is consummated. The Issuers may rescind or amend the Change of Control Offer with respect to a Series of Notes in the event that the Issuers shall determine
that the Change of Control Triggering Event will not occur by the Change of Control Payment Date, or by the Change of Control Payment Date as so delayed. A Change of Control Offer with respect to a Series of Notes made in advance of the Change of
Control Triggering Event may be made at the same time as consents are solicited with respect to an amendment, supplement or waiver of this Indenture. The provisions under this Indenture relating to the Issuers obligation to make an offer to
repurchase such Series of Notes as a result of a Change of Control Triggering Event may be waived or modified with the written consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of such Series of Notes then outstanding. 

Section 4.15.Future Guarantees by Certain Restricted Subsidiaries. 

(a) The Issuers will cause (i) each Restricted Subsidiary that borrows under, or Guarantees, the U.S. Credit Agreement and
(ii) each Person that is required to become a Subsidiary Pledgor, to execute and deliver, in each case within 30 days from such event, to the Trustee a supplemental indenture (providing for a Note Guarantee of the Notes pursuant to
Section 10) (unless such Person is already a Subsidiary Guarantor) and such Security Documents, or amendments or supplements thereto, and such other documentation as shall be necessary to provide for valid and perfected Liens on such
Persons assets constituting Collateral to secure such Note Guarantee on the terms of this Indenture. 

(b) In addition, if any
U.S. Domestic Restricted Subsidiary (that is not a Guarantor of the Notes) guarantees or otherwise becomes an obligor of Capital Markets Indebtedness of either Issuer or any Guarantor, then it shall execute and deliver to the Trustee within 30 days
a supplemental indenture (providing for a Note Guarantee of the Notes pursuant to Section 10); provided that this Section 4.15 shall not be applicable to any guarantee or obligation of any U.S. Domestic Restricted Subsidiary that
existed at the time such Person became a U.S. Domestic Restricted Subsidiary and was not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Person becoming a U.S. Domestic Restricted Subsidiary. 

(c) Each Note Guarantee of the Notes shall be released in accordance with the provisions Section 10. 

-102- 

Section 4.16.[Reserved]. 

Section 4.17.Suspension of Covenants. During a Suspension Period for a Series of Notes, Parent, the
Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to Section 4.07, Section 4.08, Section 4.10, Section 4.11, Section 4.14, Section 4.15 and 5.01(a)(iii) (each a Suspended Covenant) with
respect to such Series of Notes. All other provisions of this Indenture shall apply at all times during any Suspension Period for the applicable Series of Notes so long as any Notes of such Series remain outstanding hereunder; provided that
the Interest Coverage Ratio that will be applicable under Section 4.09(c) with respect to such Series of Notes will be 1.5 to 1.0 during any Suspension Period. 

Suspension Period with respect to a Series of Notes means any period (1) beginning on the date that: 

(A) such Series of Notes has Investment Grade Status from at least two of three Rating Agencies; 

(B) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such Series of Notes; and 

(C) the Issuers have delivered an Officers Certificate to the Trustee certifying that the conditions set forth in
clauses (A) and (B) above are satisfied; 

and (2) ending on the date (the Reversion Date) that such Series of Notes
ceases to have Investment Grade Status from at least two of three Rating Agencies. 

On each Reversion Date, all Indebtedness, liens
thereon and dividend blockages incurred during the Suspension Period prior to such Reversion Date will be deemed to have been outstanding on the Issue Date under this Indenture with respect to the Series of Notes as to which such Reversion Date
applies. 

The Issuers will send written notice to the Trustee upon the occurrence of any Reversion Date; provided that the failure
to so notify the Trustee will not be a default under this Indenture. The Trustee will have no duty to monitor the ratings of the Notes, will not be deemed to have any knowledge of the ratings of the Notes and will have no duty to notify Holders if
the Notes achieve Investment Grade Status. 

For purposes of calculating the amount available to be made as Restricted Payments under
Section 4.07(a)(iv)(C), calculations under that clause will be made with reference to the Transaction Date, as set forth in that clause. Accordingly, (x) Restricted Payments made during the Suspension Period not otherwise permitted
pursuant to any of clauses (i) through (xii) of Section 4.07(b), will reduce the amount available to be made as Restricted Payments under Section 4.07(a)(iv)(C); provided, however, that the amount available to be
made as a Restricted Payment on the Transaction Date will not be reduced to below zero solely as a result of such Restricted Payments, but may be reduced to below zero as a result of negative cumulative Funds From Operations during the Suspension
Period for the purpose of Section 4.07(a)(iv)(C)(1), and (y) the items specified in Section 4.07(a)(C)(1), (2), (3), (4), (5) and (6) that occur during the Suspension Period will increase the amount available to be made as
Restricted Payments under Section 4.07(a)(iv)(C). Any Restricted Payment made during the Suspension Period that is of the type described in Section 4.07(b) (other than the Restricted Payment referred to in clauses (i) or
(ii) of Section 4.07(b) or any exchange of Capital Stock for Capital Stock or Indebtedness referred to in clause (iv) or (v) of Section 4.07(b)), and the Net Cash Proceeds from any issuance of Capital Stock referred to
in clauses (iv) and (v) of Section 4.07(b) (adjusted to avoid double counting) will not be included in calculating the amounts permitted to be incurred under Section 4.07(a)(iv)(C) on each Reversion Date. 

-103- 

For purposes of Section 4.10, on each Reversion Date, the unutilized Excess Proceeds
will be reset to zero. 

No Default or Event of Default will be deemed to have occurred on the Reversion Date (or thereafter) under
any Suspended Covenant solely as a result of any actions taken by the Parent or any Restricted Subsidiaries thereof, or events occurring, during the Suspension Period. For purposes of Section 4.21, if Parent and its Restricted Subsidiaries are
not in compliance with Section 4.21 as of a Reversion Date, no Default or Event of Default will be deemed to have occurred for up to 120 days following the Reversion Date; provided that neither Parent nor any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries will incur any Secured Indebtedness until such time that the requirements of Section 4.21 have been met. 

Section 4.18.[Reserved].

Section 4.19.Limitation on Activities of Finco. Finco may not hold any material assets, become liable
for any material obligations, engage in any trade or business, or conduct any business activity, other than (1) the issuance of its Capital Stock to Opco or any wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary of Opco, (2) the incurrence of Indebtedness
as a co-obligor or guarantor, as the case may be, of the Notes, the U.S. Credit Agreement and any other Indebtedness that is permitted to be incurred under Section 4.09; provided that the net
proceeds of such Indebtedness are not retained by Finco, and (3) activities incidental thereto. Neither Parent nor any Restricted Subsidiary shall engage in any transaction with Finco in violation of the immediately preceding sentence. 

Section 4.20.Limitation on Activities of the Notes Pledged Subsidiaries. No Notes Pledged Subsidiary
may hold any material assets, become liable for any material obligations, engage to any material extent in any trade or business or conduct any material business activity, other than (1) the issuance of its Capital Stock to the applicable
Pledgor, (2) holding the Underlying Assets, whether as owner or ground lessor, and complying with its obligations under any ground lease, (3) the incurrence of Indebtedness and Liens, and sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of
Underlying Assets, in each case, only to the extent permitted by this Indenture, (4) the entry into leases or similar agreements, obligations arising under applicable leases or similar agreements, and the performance of obligations, and the
enforcement of rights, under such leases or agreements, (5) maintaining their corporate (or other legal entity) form and any registrations, fees, taxes, or filings related thereto, (6) payment of any required taxes, (7) owning and
operating bank accounts and investments in cash and cash equivalents, (8) payment of cash to its parent entities not otherwise prohibited by this Indenture and (9) ordinary course liabilities and activities incidental to the foregoing. All
of the Capital Stock of each Notes Pledged Subsidiary shall at all times be owned by the applicable Pledgor. 

Section 4.21.Maintenance of Total Unencumbered Assets. The Issuers and their Restricted Subsidiaries
shall maintain Total Unencumbered Assets of not less than 150% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Unsecured Indebtedness of the Issuers and their Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Section 4.22.Listing. The Issuers will use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain prior to
the first Interest Payment Date on the Euro Notes and maintain the admission of the Euro Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and for trading on its Global Market Exchange for so long as such Euro Notes are outstanding; provided that
if at any time the Issuers determine that they will not maintain such listing, they will obtain prior to the delisting of the Euro Notes from the Official List of Euronext Dublin, and thereafter use their commercially reasonable efforts to maintain,
a listing of such Euro Notes on another internationally recognized stock exchange. The Issuers will notify the Trustee and the Euro Paying Agent in respect of the Euro Notes of the listing of any Euro Notes on an exchange. 

-104- 

ARTICLE 5 

SUCCESSORS 

Section 5.01.Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets. 

(a) No Issuer will consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of
its and its Restricted Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) property and assets (as an entirety or substantially an entirety in one transaction or a series of related transactions) to, any Person or permit any Person (other than a
Restricted Subsidiary) to merge with or into it unless: 

(i) such Issuer will be the continuing Person, or the
Person (if other than such Issuer) formed by such consolidation or into which such Issuer is merged or that acquired such property and assets of such Issuer will be a corporation, limited liability company, partnership (including a limited
partnership) or trust organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States of America or any state or jurisdiction thereof and will expressly assume, by a supplemental indenture or other applicable documents or instruments, all of
the Notes Obligations of such Issuer (provided that in the case of a limited liability company, partnership (including a limited partnership) or trust, there will also be a corporation organized and validly existing under the laws of the
United States of America or any state or jurisdiction thereof which will expressly jointly with such limited liability company, partnership (including a limited partnership) or trust, assume, by a supplemental indenture, or other applicable
documents or instruments, all of the Notes Obligations of such Issuer); 

(ii) immediately after giving effect to such
transaction, no Default or Event of Default will have occurred and be continuing; 

(iii) immediately after giving
effect to such transaction and any related financing transactions as if the same had occurred at the beginning of the applicable Four-Quarter Period, on a pro forma basis the Issuers, or any Person becoming the successor obligor of the Notes,
as the case may be, (a) could Incur at least $1.00 of Indebtedness under paragraphs (a) and (c) of Section 4.09 or (b) the Interest Coverage Ratio would improve; provided, however, that this clause
(iii) will not apply to a consolidation or merger with or into a Wholly Owned Restricted Subsidiary; and 

(iv) if such Issuer is not the continuing Person, the Issuers deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate
(attaching the arithmetic computations to demonstrate compliance with clause (iii) above) and an Opinion of Counsel (which may be subject to customary qualifications), in each case stating that such consolidation, merger or transfer and
such supplemental indenture and other applicable documents or instruments comply with this Section 5.01 and that all conditions precedent provided for herein relating to such transaction have been complied with and, with respect to the Opinion
of Counsel, that the supplemental indenture and other applicable documents or instruments constitute a valid and binding obligation enforceable against the Issuers, or the Person (if other than an Issuer) formed by such consolidation or into
which such Issuer is merged or that acquired all or substantially all of such Issuers and its Restricted Subsidiaries property and assets; 

provided, however, that clause (iii) above does not apply if, in the good faith determination of the Board of Directors of
Parent, whose determination will be evidenced by a Board Resolution, the principal purpose of such transaction is to change the state of domicile of an Issuer; providedfurther, however, that any such transaction will not have
as one of its purposes the evasion of the foregoing limitations. 

-105- 

(b) Except as provided in Section 10.04, the Issuers will not permit any
Subsidiary Guarantor to consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey or transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all of its property and assets to any Person, unless: 

(i) (A) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (if not such Subsidiary) will be a Person organized and
existing under the laws of the jurisdiction under which such Subsidiary was organized or under the laws of the United States of America, or any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and (B) such Person will expressly assume, by a
supplemental indenture or other applicable documents or instruments, all the Notes Obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor, if any; provided, however, that the foregoing requirement will not apply in the case of a Subsidiary Guarantor
or all or substantially all of its property and assets (x) that has been disposed of in its entirety to another Person (other than to an Issuer or an Affiliate of an Issuer), whether through a merger, consolidation or sale of Capital Stock or
assets or (y) that, as a result of the disposition of all or a portion of its Capital Stock, ceases to be a Subsidiary, so long as, in both cases, in connection therewith the Issuers provide an Officers Certificate to the Trustee to the
effect that the Issuers will comply with their obligations under Section 4.10; 

(ii) immediately after giving
effect to such transaction or transactions on a pro forma basis (and treating any Indebtedness which becomes an obligation of the resulting, surviving or transferee Person as a result of such transaction as having been issued by such Person
at the time of such transaction), no Default will have occurred and be continuing; and 

(iii) the Issuers deliver to
the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel (which may be subject to customary qualifications), each stating that such consolidation, merger or transfer and such supplemental indenture and other applicable documents or
instruments, if any, complies with this Indenture and, with respect to the Opinion of Counsel, that the supplemental indenture and other applicable documents or instruments constitute a valid and binding obligation enforceable against the Issuers,
the Subsidiary Guarantors, Parent and the surviving Persons. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Subsidiary Guarantor may
(i) merge with an Affiliate of an Issuer or an Affiliate of a Restricted Subsidiary or another Subsidiary Guarantor solely for the purpose of changing the state of domicile of the Subsidiary Guarantor, (ii) merge with or into or transfer
all or part of its properties and assets to another Subsidiary Guarantor or the Issuers or (iii) convert into a corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company or trust organized under the laws of the jurisdiction of
organization of such Subsidiary Guarantor, provided that such surviving Person will expressly assume, by a supplemental indenture or other applicable documents or instruments, all of the Notes Obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor. 

(d) Upon any such consolidation, combination or merger of an Issuer or a Guarantor, or any such sale, conveyance, transfer or other
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of an Issuer or a Guarantor in accordance with this Section 5.01, in which such Issuer or such Guarantor is not the continuing obligor under the Notes or its Note Guarantee and the surviving
entity formed by such consolidation or into which such Issuer or such Guarantor is merged or the entity to which the sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition is made, as applicable, expressly assumes by a supplemental indenture or other
applicable documents or instruments all of the Notes Obligations of such Issuer or such Guarantor, as applicable, pursuant to Section 5.01(a)(i) or Section 5.01(b)(i), as applicable, such surviving entity will succeed to, and be
substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, such Issuer or such Guarantor under this Indenture and, the Notes and the Note Guarantees with the same effect as if such surviving entity had been named therein as such Issuer or such
Guarantor and such Issuer or such Guarantor, as the case may be, will be released from the obligation to pay the principal of and interest on 

-106- 

the Notes or in respect of its Note Guarantee, as the case may be, and all of such Issuers or such Guarantors other obligations and covenants under the Notes, this Indenture and its
Note Guarantee, if applicable. 

ARTICLE 6 

DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 

Section 6.01.Events of Default. Each of the following is an Event of Default with
respect to a Series of Notes: 

(i) default in the payment of principal of, or premium, if any, on any Note of such
Series when they are due and payable at maturity, upon acceleration, redemption or otherwise; 

(ii) default in the
payment of interest, if any, or Additional Amounts, if any, on any Note of such Series when it is due and payable, and such default continues for a period of 30 days; 

(iii) the Issuers or Restricted Subsidiaries do not comply with their obligations under Section 5.01; 

(iv) the Issuers fail to make or consummate a Change of Control Offer following a Change of Control Triggering Event when
required under Section 4.14; 

(v) the Issuers or Restricted Subsidiaries default in the performance of or breach
any other covenant or agreement of the Issuers or the Restricted Subsidiaries in this Indenture or under such Series of Notes (other than a default specified in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above) and such default or breach
continues for 60 consecutive days (or, in the case of a failure to comply with Section 4.03 hereof, 270 consecutive days) after written notice by the Trustee or the Holders of 25% or more in aggregate principal amount of the Notes of the
applicable Series; provided that any such notice may not be given with respect to any action taken, and reported publicly or to Holders, more than two years prior to such notice; 

(vi) there occurs with respect to any issue or issues of Indebtedness of an Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary having
an outstanding principal amount of the greater of (x) $442,000,000 and (y) 2.0% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries, or more in the aggregate for all such issues of all such Persons, whether such
Indebtedness now exists or will hereafter be created, 

(A) an event of default that has caused the Holder thereof to
declare such Indebtedness to be due and payable prior to its Stated Maturity and such Indebtedness has not been Discharged in full or such acceleration has not been rescinded or annulled within 30 days of such acceleration; and/or 

(B) the failure to make a principal payment at the final (but not any interim) fixed maturity and such defaulted
payment will not have been made, waived or extended within 30 days of such payment default; 

-107- 

(vii) any final and
non-appealable judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of the greater of (x) $442,000,000 and (y) 2.0% of consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries in the
aggregate for all such final judgments or orders against all such Persons: 

(A) will be rendered against an Issuer or
any Significant Subsidiary and will not be paid or discharged and 

(B) there will be any period of 60 consecutive
days following entry of the final judgment or order that causes the aggregate amount for all such final judgments or orders outstanding and not paid or discharged against all such Persons to exceed the greater of (x) $442,000,000 and (y) 2.0% of
consolidated Adjusted Total Assets of the Issuers and the Restricted Subsidiaries during which a stay of enforcement of such final judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, will not be in effect; 

(viii) a court of competent jurisdiction enters a decree or order for: 

(A) relief in respect of an Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary in an involuntary case under any applicable Bankruptcy
Law now or hereafter in effect, 

(B) appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee,
sequestrator or similar official of an Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary or for all or substantially all of the property and assets of an Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary, or 

(C) the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of an Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary and, in each case, such
decree or order will remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days; 

(ix) an Issuer or any
Significant Subsidiary: 

(A) commences a voluntary case under any applicable Bankruptcy Law now or hereafter in
effect, or consents to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under such law, 

(B) consents to the
appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of an Issuer or such Significant Subsidiary or for all or substantially all of the property and assets of an Issuer or such
Significant Subsidiary or 

(C) effects any general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or 

(x) (A) the Liens created by the Security Documents will at any time not constitute a valid and perfected Lien on any
material portion of the Collateral intended to be covered thereby (unless perfection is not required by this Indenture or the Security Documents) other than in accordance with the terms of the relevant Security Document and this Indenture and
(B) such default continues for 30 days after receipt of written notice given by the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% or more in aggregate principal amount of such Series of Notes; or 

(xi) an Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary will assert, in any pleading in any court of competent jurisdiction, that
any security interest in any Security Document is invalid or unenforceable (other than by reason of the satisfaction in full of all Notes Obligations and discharge of this Indenture, the release of the Note Guarantee of the Notes of such Guarantor
in accordance with the terms of this Indenture or the release of such security interest in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and the Security Documents). 

-108- 

For the avoidance of doubt, any payment in respect of a Euro Note made in U.S. dollars to
the extent permitted by Section 2.14 hereof will not constitute a Default or Event of Default under any Note or this Indenture. 

Section 6.02.Acceleration. If an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in clause
(viii) or (ix) of Section 6.01 that occurs with respect to an Issuer) occurs and is continuing under this Indenture with respect to a Series of Notes, the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of
such Series of Notes then outstanding, by written notice to the Issuers and the applicable Paying Agent (and to the Trustee and the applicable Paying Agent if such notice is given by the Holders), may, and the Trustee at the request of the Holders
of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of such Series of Notes then outstanding will, declare the principal of, premium, if any, accrued interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on such Series of Notes to be immediately due and payable. Upon
a declaration of acceleration with respect to such Series of Notes, such principal of, premium, if any, accrued interest and Additional Amounts, if any, will be immediately due and payable. In the event of a declaration of acceleration with respect
to a Series of Notes because an Event of Default set forth in clause (vi) of Section 6.01 has occurred and is continuing, such declaration of acceleration will be automatically rescinded and annulled if the event of default triggering such
Event of Default pursuant to clause (vi) of Section 6.01 shall be remedied or cured by the relevant Issuer or Significant Subsidiary or waived by the Holders of the relevant Indebtedness within 60 days after the declaration of acceleration
with respect thereto. 

If an Event of Default specified in clause (viii) or (ix) of Section 6.01 occurs with respect to an
Issuer, the principal of, premium, if any, accrued interest and Additional Amounts, if any, on each Series of Notes then outstanding will automatically become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the
Trustee or any Holder. 

In the event of any Event of Default specified in clause (vi) of Section 6.01, such Event of Default and
all consequences thereof (excluding any resulting payment default, other than as a result of acceleration of the Notes) shall be annulled, waived and rescinded, automatically and without any action by the Trustee or the Holders, if within 20 days
after such Event of Default arose the Issuers deliver an Officers Certificate to the Trustee stating that (i) the Indebtedness or Guarantee that is the basis for such Event of Default has been discharged; (ii) Holders thereof have
rescinded or waived the acceleration, notice or action (as the case may be) giving rise to such Event of Default; or (iii) the default that is the basis for such Event of Default has been cured. 

For the avoidance of doubt, if a Default for a failure to report or failure to deliver a required certificate in connection with another
default (the Initial Default) occurs, then at the time such Initial Default is cured, such Default for a failure to report or failure to deliver a required certificate in connection with another Default that resulted solely
because of that Initial Default will also be cured without any further action, even though such delivery is not within the prescribed period specified in this Indenture. 

Any notice of Default, notice of acceleration or instruction to the Trustee or Notes Collateral Agent to provide a notice of Default, notice
of acceleration or take any other action (a Noteholder Direction) provided by any one or more Holders (each a Directing Holder) in accordance with this Indenture must be accompanied by a written representation
from each such Holder delivered to the Issuers and the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent that such Holder is not (or, in the case such Holder is the Depositary or its nominee, that such Holder is being instructed solely by beneficial owners that
are not) Net Short (a Position Representation), which representation, in the case of a Noteholder Direction relating to the delivery of a notice of Default shall be deemed a continuing representation until the resulting Event of
Default is cured or otherwise ceases to exist or the applicable Series of Notes is 

-109- 

accelerated. In addition, each Directing Holder is deemed, at the time of providing a Noteholder Direction, to covenant to provide the Issuers with such other information as the Issuers may
reasonably request from time-to-time in order to verify the accuracy of such Holders Position Representation within five (5) Business Days of request therefor
(a Verification Covenant). In any case in which the Holder is the Depositary or its nominee, any Position Representation or Verification Covenant required hereunder shall be provided by the beneficial owner of the Notes in lieu of
the Depositary or its nominee and the Depositary or its nominee shall be entitled to conclusively rely on such Position Representation and Verification Covenant in delivering its direction to the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent. 

If, following the delivery of a Noteholder Direction, but prior to acceleration of a Series of Notes, the Issuers determine in good faith that
there is a reasonable basis to believe a Directing Holder was, at any relevant time, in breach of its Position Representation and provides to the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent an Officers Certificate stating that the Issuers have
initiated litigation (Litigation) in a court of competent jurisdiction seeking a determination that such Directing Holder was, at such time, in breach of its Position Representation, and seeking to invalidate any acceleration,
Default or Event of Default (or notice thereof) with respect to the applicable Series of Notes that resulted from the applicable Noteholder Direction, the cure period with respect to such Default shall be automatically stayed and the cure period
with respect to such Event of Default shall be automatically reinstituted and any remedy stayed pending a final and non-appealable determination of a court of competent jurisdiction on such matter (a
Final Decision). Once such Officers Certificate has been provided to the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent, the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent shall take no further action pursuant to the related Noteholder Direction
until it receives notices of a Final Decision. If, following the delivery of a Noteholder Direction, but prior to acceleration of the applicable Series of Notes, the Issuers provide to the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent an Officers
Certificate stating that a Directing Holder failed to satisfy its Verification Covenant (a Verification Officers Certificate), the cure period with respect to such Default shall be automatically stayed and the cure period
with respect to any Event of Default that resulted from the applicable Noteholder Direction shall be automatically reinstituted and any remedy stayed pending satisfaction of such Verification Covenant, and the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent
shall take no further action pursuant to the related Noteholder Direction until the Issuers provide a subsequent Officers Certificate to the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent that such Verification Covenant has been satisfied (a
Covenant Satisfaction Officers Certificate). The Issuers shall promptly deliver a Covenant Satisfaction Officers Certificate following satisfaction by the applicable Directing Holder of its Verification Covenant and
then the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent shall be permitted to act in accordance with such Noteholder Direction. Any breach of the Position Representation shall result in such Holders participation in such Noteholder Direction being
disregarded; and, if, without the participation of such Holder, the percentage of Notes of the applicable Series held by the remaining Holders that provided such Noteholder Direction would have been insufficient to validly provide such Noteholder
Direction, such Noteholder Direction shall be void ab initio, with the effect that such Event of Default shall be deemed never to have occurred, acceleration voided and rescinded with respect to the applicable Series of Notes, and the Trustee and
Notes Collateral Agent shall be deemed not to have received such Noteholder Direction or any notice of such Default or Event of Default and shall not be permitted to act thereon. Notwithstanding the above, if such Directing Holders
participation is not required to achieve the requisite level of consent of Holders required under this Indenture to give such Noteholder Direction, the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent shall be permitted to act in accordance with such Noteholder
Direction notwithstanding any action taken or to be taken by the Issuers (as described above). 

Notwithstanding anything in the preceding
two paragraphs to the contrary, any Noteholder Direction delivered to the Trustee or Notes Collateral Agent during the pendency of an Event of Default as the result of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding shall not require compliance with the
foregoing paragraphs. For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent shall be entitled to 

-110- 

conclusively rely on any Noteholder Direction delivered to it in accordance with this Indenture, shall have no duty to inquire as to or investigate the accuracy of any Position Representation,
enforce compliance with any Verification Covenant, verify any statements in any Officers Certificate delivered to it, or otherwise make calculations, investigations or determinations with respect to Derivative Instruments, Net Shorts, Long
Derivative Instruments, Short Derivative Instruments or otherwise and shall have no liability for ceasing to take any action, staying any remedy or otherwise failing to act in accordance with a Noteholder Direction during the pendency of any
Litigation or a Noteholder Direction after a Verification Officers Certificate has been provided to it but prior to receipt of a Covenant Satisfaction Officers Certificate. Neither the Trustee nor the Notes Collateral Agent shall have
any liability to the Issuers, any Holder or any other Person for acting in good faith on a Noteholder Direction, including any Noteholder Direction that is later determined to be void pursuant to the prior paragraph. The Trustee and Notes Collateral
Agent shall have no obligation to inquire if the Issuers will seek action to determine if a Directing Holder has breached its Position Representation or monitor any court proceedings undertaken in connection therewith or to monitor or investigate
whether any Default or Event of Default has been publicly reported. Each Holder, by accepting a Note, will be deemed to acknowledge and agree that the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (and any Agent) shall not be liable to any party for acting or
refraining to act in accordance with (i) the foregoing provisions, (ii) any Noteholder Direction, (iii) any Officers Certificate or Verification Officers Certificate described above or (iv) its duties under this
Indenture. 

The Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of an outstanding Series of Notes by written notice to the Issuers and
to the Trustee may waive all past Defaults with respect to such Series of Notes and rescind and annul a declaration of acceleration and its consequences with respect to such Series of Notes if: 

(x) all existing Events of Default with respect to such Series of Notes, other than the nonpayment of the principal of,
premium, if any, and interest, if any, and Additional Amounts, if any, on the Notes of such series that have become due solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived; and 

(y) the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

No such rescission shall affect any subsequent Default or impair any right consequent thereto. 

Section 6.03.Other Remedies. If a Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may pursue any
available remedy by proceeding at law or in equity to collect the payment of principal of, or interest on, the Notes or to enforce the performance of any provision of such Series of Notes or this Indenture. 

The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of such Series of Notes or does not produce any of them in the
proceeding. A delay or omission by the Trustee or any Holder in exercising any right or remedy accruing upon a Default shall not impair the right or remedy or constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in the Default. No remedy is exclusive of any other
remedy. All available remedies are cumulative to the extent permitted by law. 

Section 6.04.Waiver of
Past Defaults. Subject to Sections 2.09, 6.07 and 9.02, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of an outstanding Series of Notes (which may include consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange offer of such Series
of Notes) by notice to the Trustee may waive an existing Default with respect to such Series of Notes and its consequences, except a Default in the payment of principal of, or interest on, any Note as specified in Section 6.01(i) or
(ii). The Issuers shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that the requisite percentage of Holders have consented to such waiver and attaching copies of such consents. When a Default is waived, it is cured and ceases. 

-111- 

Section 6.05.Control by Majority. The Holders of at
least a majority in aggregate principal amount of an outstanding Series of Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or Notes Collateral Agent or exercising any trust or power
conferred on the Trustee or Notes Collateral Agent with respect to such Series of Notes. Subject to Section 7.01, however, the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent may refuse to follow any direction that conflicts with any law or this Indenture,
that may involve the Trustee or Notes Collateral Agent in personal liability, or that the Trustee determines in good faith may be unduly prejudicial to the rights of Holders of the applicable Series not joining in the giving of such direction
(provided, however, that neither the Trustee nor the Notes Collateral Agent shall have an affirmative obligation to determine whether any such direction is unduly prejudicial the rights of any Holders of such Series or any other Series
not joining the giving of such direction) received from the Holders; provided, however, that the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction. 

Section 6.06.Limitation on Suits. No Holder shall have any right to institute any proceeding with
respect to this Indenture or any Note or Note Guarantee or for any remedy hereunder or thereunder, unless: 

(i) the
Holder gives the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent written notice of a continuing Event of Default; 

(ii) the
Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of such outstanding Series of Notes make a written request to the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent, as applicable, to pursue the remedy; 

(iii) such Holder or Holders offer the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent, as applicable indemnity satisfactory to the
Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent, as applicable against any costs, liability or expense; 

(iv) the Trustee or
the Notes Collateral Agent, as applicable does not comply with the request within 60 days after receipt of the request and the offer of indemnity; and 

(v) during such 60-day period, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal
amount of such outstanding Series of Notes do not give the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent, as applicable a direction that is inconsistent with the request. 

However, such limitations do not apply to the right of any Holder of a Note to receive payment of the principal of, or premium, if any,
interest or, with respect to a Euro Note, Additional Amounts on, such Note or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after the due date expressed in the Notes, which right shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of
the Holder. 

A Holder of Notes of a particular series may not use this Indenture to prejudice the rights of another Holder of Notes of
such Series or to obtain a preference or priority over such other Holder of Notes of such Series. 

Section 6.07.Right of Holders to Receive Payment. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Indenture, the right of any Holder to receive payment of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on, a Note, on or after the respective due dates therefor, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such respective
dates, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of the Holder. 

-112- 

Section 6.08.Collection Suit by Trustee. If a
Default in payment of principal or interest specified in Section 6.01(i) or (ii) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an express trust against the Issuers or any other obligor on
the Notes for the whole amount of principal and accrued interest and fees remaining unpaid, together with interest on overdue principal and, to the extent that payment of such interest is lawful, interest on overdue installments of interest, in each
case at the rate per annum borne by the Notes and such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and
counsel. 

Section 6.09.Restoration of Rights and Remedies. If the Trustee or any Holder has
instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case,
subject to any determination in such proceedings or any other proceedings, the Issuers, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies hereunder of
the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding has been instituted. 

Section 6.10.Rights and Remedies Cumulative. Except as otherwise provided with respect to the
replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes in Section 2.07 hereof, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and
every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or
remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy. 

Section 6.11.Delay or Omission Not Waiver. No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any
Note to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article 6 or by law to
the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders, as the case may be. 

Section 6.12.Trustee May File Proofs of Claim. The Trustee may file such proofs of claim and other
papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and the Holders allowed in any
judicial proceedings relating to the Issuers, their creditors or their property and shall be entitled and empowered to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same, and any
custodian in any such judicial proceedings is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee will consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any
amount due to it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agent and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 7.06. 

Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any
plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding. The Trustee will be entitled to
participate as a member of any official committee of creditors in the matters as it deems necessary or advisable. 

-113- 

Section 6.13.Priorities. If the Trustee or the Notes
Collateral Agent collects any money or property pursuant to this Article 6 (including pursuant to exercise of remedies upon the Collateral), then, subject to the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, it will pay out the money or property in the
following order: 

(a) FIRST, to the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent for amounts due hereunder, including under
Section 7.06; 

(b) SECOND, to the Agents for amounts due to them for services rendered hereunder; 

(c) THIRD, to Holders for interest accrued on the Notes of the applicable Series, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind,
according to the amounts due and payable on the Notes of the applicable Series for interest; 

(d) FOURTH, to Holders for principal
amounts due and unpaid on the Notes of the applicable Series, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on the Notes of the applicable Series for principal; and 

(e) FIFTH, to the Issuers or, if applicable, the Guarantors, as their respective interests may appear. 

The Trustee may fix a record date and payment date for any payment to Holders pursuant to this Section 6.13. 

Section 6.14.Undertaking for Costs. In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this
Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, a court in its discretion may require the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its
discretion may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This
Section 6.14 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by a Holder pursuant to Section 6.07, or a suit by a Holder or Holders of more than 10% in principal amount of the then outstanding Series of Notes. 

ARTICLE 7 

TRUSTEE AND AGENTS 

Section 7.01.Duties of Trustee. 

(a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to a Series of Notes, the Trustee will exercise such of the
rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture with respect to such Series of Notes, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such
persons own affairs. 

(b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default: 

(i) the duties of the Trustee will be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture and the Trustee need
perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants, duties or obligations will be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and 

-114- 

(ii) in the absence of gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad
faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this
Indenture. However, in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any provision hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee will examine the certificates and opinions to determine whether or not they
conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not investigate or confirm the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein). 

(c) The Trustee may not be relieved from liabilities for its own grossly negligent action, its own grossly negligent failure to act or
its own willful misconduct, except that: 

(i) this paragraph (c) does not limit the effect of paragraph
(b) of this Section 7.01; 

(ii) the Trustee will not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith
by a Responsible Officer, unless it is proved in a court of competent jurisdiction that the Trustee was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; and 

(iii) the Trustee will not be liable with respect to any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in accordance
with a direction received by it pursuant to Section 6.02, 6.04 or 6.05 hereof. 

(d) Whether or not therein expressly so
provided, every provision of this Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 7.01 and Section 7.02(f). 

(e) The Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under this Indenture at the request or direction of
any of the Holders unless the Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity and/or security satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense. 

(f) The Trustee will not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Issuer.
Money held in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. 

Section 7.02.Rights of Trustee. 

(a) The Trustee may conclusively rely upon any document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper
Person. The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit. 

(b) Unless otherwise expressly specified herein, before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officers
Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officers Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee may consult with counsel of its
selection and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel will be full and complete authorization and protection from liability in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon. 

-115- 

(c) The Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and will not be responsible
for the misconduct or negligence of any agent or attorney appointed with due care. 

(d) The Trustee will not be liable for any
action it takes or omits to take in good faith that it believes to be authorized or within the rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture. 

(e) Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture, any demand, request, direction or notice from the Issuers will be
sufficient if signed by an Officer of Opco. 

(f) None of the provisions of this Indenture will require the Trustee to expend or risk
its own funds or otherwise to incur any liability, financial or otherwise, in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if an indemnity and/or security satisfactory to it against such risk or
liability is not assured to it. 

(g) [reserved]. 

(h) In no event will the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, punitive, indirect, or consequential loss or damage of any kind
whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

(i) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee in this Indenture (including without limitation as
set forth in Articles 6 and 7 hereof), including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and will be enforceable by, Wilmington Trust, National Association and U.S. Bank Europe in each of their capacities hereunder, and
each Agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder, including, without limitation, Wilmington Trust, National Association in its capacity as the Notes Collateral Agent. 

(j) [reserved]. 

(k) Delivery of reports, information and documents (including, without limitation, reports contemplated under Section 4.03 hereof)
to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustees receipt of such will not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Issuers
compliance with any of their covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officers Certificates). 

(l) The permissive rights of the Trustee to take certain actions under this Indenture will not be construed as a duty unless so
specified herein. 

(m) The Trustee will not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution,
certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, bond, debenture, note or other paper or document unless requested in writing to do so by the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of
the Notes of the applicable Series at the time outstanding, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee will determine to make such further
inquiry or investigation, it will be entitled, upon reasonable notice to the Issuers, to examine the books, records and premises of the Issuers, personally or by agent or attorney, at the expense of the Issuers and will incur no liability of any
kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation. 

(n) The Trustee may request that the Issuers deliver an Officers Certificate
setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to 

-116- 

this Indenture, which Officers Certificate may be signed by any Person authorized to sign an Officers Certificate, including any Person specified as so authorized in any such
certificate previously delivered and not superseded. 

(o) Neither the Trustee nor any Agent will be responsible or liable for any
failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Indenture arising out of or caused, directly or indirectly, by circumstances beyond its control, including, without limitation, any act of provision of any present or future law or
regulation or governmental authority; acts of God; earthquakes; fire; flood; terrorism; wars; civil or military disturbances; sabotage; epidemics or pandemics; riots; interruptions; loss or malfunction of utilities, computer (hardware or software)
or communication services; accidents; strikes or similar labor disputes; acts of civil or military authorities or governmental actions or the unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or facsimile or other wire communication facility. 

(p) The Trustee will have no duty to inquire as to the performance of the Issuers with respect to the covenants contained in Article 4
or to make any calculation in connection therewith or in connection with any redemption of the Notes. In addition, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Trustee will have no obligation to monitor or verify compliance by the Issuers or
any Guarantor with any other obligation or covenant under this Indenture. 

(q) The Trustee will not have any responsibility for the
validity, perfection, priority, filing, continuation or enforceability of any Lien or security interest and will have no obligations to take any action to procure or maintain such validity, perfection, priority, filing, continuation or
enforceability (it being understood that such responsibility and obligation are the Issuers). 

(r) The Trustee will not be
required to give any bond or surety in respect of the performance of its powers and duties hereunder. 

(s) The Trustee shall neither
be responsible for, nor chargeable with, knowledge of the terms and conditions of any other agreement, instruction or document other than this Indenture (or instructions or notices given to the Trustee in accordance with this Indenture), whether or
not an original or a copy of such agreement has been provided to the Trustee. 

(t) The Trustee shall have no duty to know or inquire
as to the performance or nonperformance of any provision of any other agreement, instrument or document. 

(u) In the performance of
its rights and duties hereunder, the Trustee shall be entitled to request and receive instructions from the Holders. 

(v) If any
conflict, disagreement or dispute arises between, among, or involving any of the parties hereto concerning the meaning or validity of any provision hereunder or concerning any other matter relating to this Indenture, or the Trustee is in doubt as to
the action to be taken hereunder, the Trustee may, at its option, after sending written notice of the same to the Issuers, refuse to act until such time as it (a) receives a final non-appealable order of
a court of competent jurisdiction or (b) receives a written instruction, executed by each of the parties involved in such disagreement or dispute, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. The Trustee will be entitled to act on any such
written instruction or final, non-appealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction without further question, inquiry or consent. The Trustee may file an interpleader action in a New York state or New York
federal court, and upon the filing thereof, the Trustee will be relieved of all liability as to the subject matter in dispute and will be entitled to recover reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket attorneys fees, expenses and other costs incurred in commencing and maintaining any such interpleader action. 

-117- 

(w) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Trustee shall have no duty to
prepare or file any federal or state tax report or return with respect to any funds held pursuant to this Indenture or any income earned thereon, except for the delivery and filing of tax information reporting forms required to be delivered and
filed by it with the Internal Revenue Service. 

(x) Each Holder shall provide the Trustee with certified tax identification numbers
by furnishing appropriate forms W-9 or W-8 or such other forms and documents that the Trustee may request. Each Holder understands that if such tax reporting
documentation is not provided and certified to the Trustee, the Trustee may be required by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, to withhold a portion of certain payments made by it pursuant
hereto. 

(y) To the extent that the Trustee becomes liable for the payment of any taxes in respect of income derived from the
investment of any money held pursuant to this Indenture, the Trustee shall satisfy such liability to the extent possible from the money held pursuant to this Indenture. The Issuers shall, jointly and severally, indemnify, defend and hold the Trustee
harmless from and against any tax, late payment, interest, penalty or other cost or expense that may be assessed against the Trustee on or with respect to the money held pursuant to this Indenture and the investment thereof unless such tax, late
payment, interest, penalty or other expense was finally adjudicated to have been directly caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Trustee. The indemnification provided by this Section 8.02(y) is in addition to the
indemnification provided in Section 8.07 and shall survive the resignation or removal of the Trustee and the termination of this Indenture. 

Section 7.03.Individual Rights of Trustee. The Trustee may retain professional advisors to assist it
in performing its duties under this Indenture. The Trustee may consult with such professional advisors or with counsel, and the advice or opinion of such professional advisors or counsel with respect to legal or other matters relating to this
Indenture and the Notes will be full and complete authorization and protection from liability in respect of any action taken, omitted or suffered by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel. The Trustee
in its individual or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Issuers or any of their Affiliates with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee. However, in the event that the Trustee
acquires any conflicting interest it must eliminate such conflict within 90 days or resign. Any Agent may do the same with like rights and duties. The Trustee is also subject to Section 7.09 hereof. 

Section 7.04.Trustees Disclaimer. The Trustee will not be responsible for and
makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this Indenture, or the Notes, and it will not be accountable for the Issuers use of the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Issuers or upon the Issuers direction
under any provision of this Indenture, nor will it be responsible for the use or application of any money received by any Paying Agent other than the Trustee and it will not be responsible for any statement or recital herein or any statement in the
Notes or any other document in connection with the sale of the Notes or pursuant to this Indenture other than its certificate of authentication. 

The Trustee does not assume any responsibility for any failure or delay in performance or any breach by the Issuers or any Guarantor under
this Indenture, the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and the Security Documents. The Trustee will not be responsible to the Holders or any other Person for (i) any recitals, statements, information, representations or warranties contained in
this Indenture, the Security Documents, the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or in any certificate, report, statement, or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Trustee under or in connection with, this Indenture, the
First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any Security Document; (ii) the execution, validity, genuineness, effectiveness or enforceability of the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and any Security Documents of any other party thereto;
(iii) the genuineness, enforceability, collectability, value, sufficiency, location or existence of any Collateral, or the validity, effectiveness, enforceability, 

-118- 

sufficiency, extent, perfection or priority of any Lien therein; (iv) the validity, enforceability or collectability of any Obligations; (v) the assets, liabilities, financial
condition, results of operations, business, creditworthiness or legal status of any obligor; or (vi) for any failure of any obligor to perform its Obligations under this Indenture, the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and the Security
Documents. 

Section 7.05.Notice of Defaults. If a Default occurs and is continuing and if it is
known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee will deliver to Holders a notice of the Default within 90 days after it occurs, unless such Default will have been cured or waived, or if discovered after 90 days, promptly thereafter.
The Trustee may withhold from the Holders notice of any continuing Default, except a Default relating to the payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest. The Trustee will not be
deemed to have notice or charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a default is received from the
Issuers or any Holders of such Notes by the Trustee at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and such notice references such Notes, the Issuers and this Indenture. 

Section 7.06.Compensation and Indemnity. The Issuers and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, will
pay to the Trustee, the Agents, the Notes Collateral Agent from time to time such compensation for its acceptance of this Indenture and services hereunder as the parties will agree in writing from time to time. The Trustees, Agents and
Notes Collateral Agents compensation will not be limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuers and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, will reimburse the Trustee, the Agents and the Notes Collateral Agent
promptly upon request for all out-of-pocket disbursements, advances and expenses incurred or made by it in addition to the compensation for its services. Such expenses
will include the reasonable compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustees, Agents and Notes Collateral Agents agents and counsel. 

The Issuers and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, will indemnify the Trustee, the Agents, the Notes Collateral Agent and their respective
officers, directors, employees, agents and any predecessor trustee and its officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, the Indemnified Parties) for, and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless against, any and all loss,
damage, claims, liability or expense (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) incurred by them in connection with the acceptance or administration of this Indenture and the performance of its duties hereunder (including the
reasonable costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture against the Issuers or any of the Guarantors (including this Section 7.06) or defending itself against any claim whether asserted by any Holder, any Issuer or any Guarantor, or liability
in connection with the acceptance, exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder) (but excluding taxes imposed on such Persons in connection with compensation for such administration or performance). The Indemnified Parties will
notify the Issuers promptly of any claim of which a Responsible Officer has received written notice for which it may seek indemnity. Failure by the Indemnified Parties to so notify the Issuers will not relieve the Issuers or the Guarantors of their
obligations hereunder. Except in cases where the interests of the Issuers and/or the Guarantors, on the one hand and the Indemnified Parties, on the other hand, may be adverse, the Issuers will defend the claim and the Indemnified Parties may have
separate counsel and the Issuers and Guarantors, jointly and severally, will pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel; provided, however, that the Issuers shall not be required to pay such fees and expenses of counsel to
the Indemnified Parties if the Issuers assume such Indemnified Partys defense and there is no conflict of interest between the Issuers and such Indemnified Parties as reasonably determined by the Indemnified Party. Neither the Issuers nor any
Guarantor need reimburse any expense or indemnify against any loss, liability or expense incurred by an Indemnified Party through such Indemnified Partys own willful misconduct or gross negligence (as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable judgment). After the Issuers have assumed the defense of an Indemnified Party or such other Indemnified Party as provided for hereunder, neither the Issuers nor any
Guarantor need pay for any settlement made without its consent, 

-119- 

which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any settlement which affects an Indemnified Party may not be entered into without the consent of such Indemnified Party, unless the
applicable Indemnified Party is given a full and unconditional release from liability with respect to the claims covered thereby, and such settlement does not include a statement or admission of fault, culpability or failure to act by or on behalf
of such Indemnified Party. 

The obligations of the Issuers and the Guarantors under this Section 7.06 will survive the satisfaction
and discharge of this Indenture or the earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee and such other Indemnified Parties, as applicable. 

To secure the payment obligations of the Issuers and the Guarantors in this Section 7.06, the Trustee will have a Lien prior to the Notes
on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except money or property held in trust to pay principal and interest on particular Notes. Such Lien will survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture. 

When the Trustee is requested to act upon instructions of one or more Holders, the Trustee will not be required to act in the absence of
indemnity and/or security against the costs, expenses and liabilities that may be incurred in compliance with such a request. 

When the
Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01 (viii) or Section 6.01 (ix) hereof occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services (including the reasonable fees and expenses of
its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law. 

Section 7.07.Replacement of Trustee. A resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a
successor Trustee will become effective only upon the successor Trustees acceptance of appointment as provided in this Section 7.07. The Trustee may resign in writing at any time and be discharged from the trust hereby created by so
notifying the Issuer. The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may remove the Trustee by so notifying the Trustee and the Issuers in writing. The Issuers may remove the Trustee if: 

(a) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.09 hereof; 

(b) the Trustee is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent or an order for relief is entered with respect to the Trustee under any Bankruptcy
Law; 

(c) a custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its property; or 

(d) the Trustee becomes incapable of acting. 

If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office of Trustee for any reason, the Issuers will promptly appoint a
successor Trustee. Within one year after the successor Trustee takes office, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may appoint a successor Trustee to replace the successor Trustee appointed by the Issuers. 

If a successor Trustee does not take office within 30 days after the retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee (at the
Issuers expense), the Issuers or the Holders of at least 10% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee. 

-120- 

If the Trustee, after written request by any Holder who has been a Holder for at least six
months, fails to comply with Section 7.09 hereof, such Holder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee. 

A successor Trustee will deliver a written acceptance of its appointment to the retiring Trustee and to the Issuers. Thereupon, the
resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee will become effective, and the successor Trustee will have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under this Indenture. The successor Trustee will deliver a notice of its succession to
Holders. The retiring Trustee will promptly transfer all property held by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee; provided all sums owing to the Trustee hereunder have been paid and subject to the Lien provided for in Section 7.06
hereof. Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to this Section 7.07, the Issuers obligations under Section 7.06 hereof will continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee. 

Section 7.08.Successor Trustee by Merger, etc. If the Trustee, the Notes Collateral Agent or Agent
consolidates, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business to, another corporation, the successor corporation without any further act will be the successor Trustee, Notes Collateral Agent or Agent.
Any corporation into which the Trustee, the Notes Collateral Agent or any Agent for the time being may be merged or converted will, on the date when such merger, conversion, consolidation, sale or transfer becomes effective and to the extent
permitted by applicable law, be a successor Trustee, Notes Collateral Agent or Agent under this Indenture without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties to this Indenture. After the effective date
all references in this Indenture to that Trustee, the Notes Collateral Agent or Agent will be deemed to be references to that corporation. 

Section 7.09.Eligibility; Disqualification. There will at all times be a Trustee hereunder that is a
corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America or of any state thereof that is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state
authorities and that has, together with its parent, a combined capital and surplus of at least $150,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition. 

Section 7.10.Security Documents; First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. By their acceptance of the Notes,
the Holders hereby authorize and direct the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent, as the case may be, to execute and deliver the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and any other Security Documents in which the Trustee or the Notes Collateral
Agent, as applicable, is named as a party, including any Security Documents executed on or after the Issue Date. It is hereby expressly acknowledged and agreed that, in doing so, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent, as the case may be, are
not responsible for the terms or contents of such agreements, or for the validity or enforceability thereof, or the sufficiency thereof for any purpose. Whether or not so expressly stated therein, in entering into, or taking (or forbearing from) any
action under, the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any other Security Documents, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent, as the case may be, each will have all of the rights, privileges, benefits, immunities, indemnities and other
protections granted to it under this Indenture (in addition to those that may be granted to it under the terms of such other agreement or agreements). 

Section 7.11.Limitation on Duty of Trustee in Respect of Collateral. 

(a) Beyond the exercise of reasonable care in the custody thereof, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent will have no duty as to
any Collateral in its possession or control or in the possession or control of any agent or bailee or any income thereon or as to preservation of rights against prior parties or any other rights pertaining thereto and the Trustee and the Notes
Collateral Agent will not be responsible 

-121- 

for filing any financing or continuation statements or recording any documents or instruments in any public office at any time or times or otherwise perfecting or maintaining the perfection of
any security interest in the Collateral. The Notes Collateral Agent and the Trustee will be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody of the Collateral in its possession if the Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equal to
that which it accords its own property and will not be liable or responsible for any loss or diminution in the value of any of the Collateral, by reason of the act or omission of any carrier, forwarding agency or other agent or bailee selected by
the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent in good faith. 

(b) The Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent will not be responsible for
the existence, genuineness or value of any of the Collateral or for the validity, perfection, priority or enforceability of the Liens in any of the Collateral, whether impaired by operation of law or by reason of any action or omission to act on its
part hereunder, except to the extent such action or omission constitutes gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment, for the validity or sufficiency of the Collateral or any agreement or assignment contained therein, for the validity of the title of the Issuers to the Collateral, for insuring the
Collateral or for the payment of taxes, charges, assessments or Liens upon the Collateral or otherwise as to the maintenance of the Collateral (except for maintaining custody in accordance with Section 7.11(a) with respect to certificates
delivered to the Notes Collateral Agent representing securities pledged under the Security Documents). The Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent will have no duty to ascertain or inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms of
this Indenture, the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or the Security Documents by the Issuers, any Guarantor or the Notes Collateral Agent. 

Section 7.12.Resignation of Agents. 

(a) Any Agent may resign its appointment hereunder at any time without the need to give any reason and without being responsible for any
costs associated therewith by giving notice to the Issuers and the Trustee 30 days prior written notice (waivable by the Issuers and the Trustee); provided that in the case of resignation of the Paying Agent no such resignation will
take effect until a new Paying Agent will have been appointed by the Issuers to exercise the powers and undertake the duties hereby conferred and imposed upon Paying Agent. Following receipt of a notice of resignation from any Agent, the Issuers
will promptly give notice thereof to the Holders in accordance with Section 13.01 hereof. 

(b) If any Agent gives notice of its
resignation in accordance with this Section 7.12 and a replacement Agent is required and by the tenth day before the expiration of such notice such replacement has not been duly appointed, such Agent may itself appoint as its replacement any
reputable and experienced financial institution or may petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a replacement, with properly incurred costs and expenses by the Agent in relation to such petition to be paid by the Issuers. Immediately
following such appointment, the Issuers will give notice of such appointment to the Trustee, the remaining Agents and the Holders whereupon the Issuers, the Trustee, the remaining Agents and the replacement Agent will acquire and become subject to
the same rights and obligations between themselves as if they had entered into an agreement in the form mutatis mutandis of this Indenture. 

(c) Upon its resignation becoming effective, the Paying Agent will forthwith transfer all moneys held by it hereunder, if any, to the
successor Paying Agent or, if none, the Trustee or to the Trustees order, but will have no other duties or responsibilities hereunder, and will be entitled to the payment by the Issuers of its remuneration for the services previously rendered
hereunder and to the reimbursement of all reasonable expenses (including legal fees) incurred in connection therewith. 

-122- 

(d) Notwithstanding replacement of an Agent pursuant to this Section 7.12, the
Issuers obligations under Section 7.06 hereof will continue for the benefit of the retiring Agent. 

Section 7.13.Agents Rights. 

(a) The rights, powers, duties and obligations and actions of each Agent under this Indenture are several and not joint or joint and
several. 

(b) Money held by a Paying Agent need not be segregated, except as required by law, and in no event will any Paying Agent
be liable for interest on any money received by it hereunder. 

(c) The Agents will have no obligation to act or to take any action
if they believe they will incur costs, expenses or liabilities for which they will not be reimbursed. 

(d) The Issuers and the
Agents acknowledge and agree that in the event of an Event of Default, the Trustee may, by notice in writing to the Issuers and the Agents, require that the Agents act as agents of, and take instructions exclusively from, the Trustee. Until they
have received such written notice from the Trustee, the Agents will act solely as agents of the Issuers and need have no concern for the interests of the Holders. 

(e) The applicable Agents hold all funds as banker subject to the terms of this Indenture and as a result, such money will not be held
in accordance with the rules established by the UK Financial Conduct Authority in the UK Financial Conduct Authoritys Handbook of rules and guidance from time to time in relation to client money. 

(f) The Agents will act solely as agents of the Issuers and will have no fiduciary obligation towards, or have any relationship of
trust, for or with any person or any agency obligations or relationships with any other Person. 

(g) No Agent will be required to
make any payment of the principal, premium or interest payable pursuant to this Indenture unless and until it has received, and been able to identify or confirm receipt of, the full amount to be paid in accordance with the terms of this Indenture.
To the extent that an Agent has made such payment with the prior written consent of the Issuers and for which it did not receive the full amount, the Issuers will reimburse the Agent the full amount of any shortfall. 

(h) The Issuers agree to pay any and all stamp and other documentary taxes or duties which may be payable in connection with the
execution, delivery, performance and enforcement of this Indenture by Paying Agent. 

(i) Each Agent may rely upon the terms of any
notice, instruction, communication or other document believed by it to be genuine and be entitled to refrain from acting, without liability, if it determines that such instruction is unclear, equivocal or contradictory. In the event an Agent
determines that an instruction received by it is unclear, equivocal or contradictory, the Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable notify the instructing party of such determination. 

(j) Notwithstanding anything else herein contained, each Agent may refrain without liability from doing anything that would or might in
its opinion be contrary to any law of any state or jurisdiction (including but not limited to the United States of America, Europe or, in each case, any jurisdiction forming a part of it and England and Wales) or any directive or regulation of any
agency of any such state or jurisdiction or which would or might otherwise render it liable to any person or cause it to act in a manner which might prejudice its interests and may without liability do anything which is, in its opinion, necessary to
comply with any such law, directive or regulation. 

-123- 

ARTICLE 8 

SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE, LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE 

Section 8.01.Termination of Issuers Obligations. The Issuers may, with respect to
a Series of Notes, terminate their obligations under the Notes of such Series and this Indenture and the obligations of the Guarantors under the Note Guarantees of such Series and this Indenture, and this Indenture shall cease to be of further
effect with respect to such Series, except those obligations referred to in the penultimate paragraph of this Section 8.01, if: 

(i) either 

(A) all the Notes of such Series theretofore authenticated and delivered (except lost, stolen or destroyed Notes which
have been replaced or paid and Notes of such Series for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Issuers and thereafter repaid to the Issuers or discharged from such trust) have been
delivered to the Registrar for cancellation; or 

(B) all Notes of such Series not theretofore delivered to the
Registrar for cancellation (1) have become due and payable or (2) will become due and payable within one year, or are to be called for redemption within one year, under arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee and Paying Agent
for the giving of notice of redemption by Paying Agent in the name, and at the expense, of the Issuers, and the Issuers have irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with Paying Agent funds in an amount sufficient to pay and discharge the
entire Indebtedness on the Notes of such Series not theretofore delivered to the Registrar for cancellation, for principal of, premium, if any, interest on such Series of Notes to the date of maturity or redemption, as the case may be, together with
irrevocable instructions from the Issuers directing Paying Agent to apply such funds to the payment thereof at maturity or redemption, as the case may be; provided that upon any redemption that requires the payment of an Applicable Premium,
the amount deposited shall be sufficient to the extent that an amount is deposited with Paying Agent equal to the Applicable Premium calculated as of the date of the notice of redemption, as calculated by the Issuers or on behalf of the Issuers by
such Person as the Issuers shall designate, with any Applicable Premium Deficit only required to be deposited with Paying Agent on or prior to the Redemption Date, and any Applicable Premium Deficit shall be set forth in an Officers
Certificate delivered to the Trustee and Paying Agent at least one Business Day prior to the deposit of such Applicable Premium Deficit that confirms that such Applicable Premium Deficit shall be applied toward such redemption; 

(ii) the Issuers have paid all other sums payable under this Indenture by Parent or the Issuers with respect to such
Series of Notes; and 

(iii) the Issuers have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of
Counsel stating that all conditions precedent under this Indenture relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture as to all outstanding Notes of such Series have been complied with. 

-124- 

For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuers may designate or appoint another entity to act as
the Paying Agent for purposes of this Section 8.01. 

In the case of clause (i)(B) of this Section 8.01, and subject to the
next sentence and notwithstanding the foregoing paragraph, the Issuers obligations in Sections 2.05, 2.06, 2.07, 2.08, 7.06, 8.05 and 8.06 shall survive until the Notes are no longer outstanding pursuant to the last paragraph of
Section 2.08. After the Notes are no longer outstanding, the Issuers obligations in Sections 7.06, 8.05 and 8.06 shall survive. 

After confirmation of such delivery or irrevocable deposit with the applicable Paying Agent, the Trustee upon request shall acknowledge in
writing the discharge of the Issuers obligations under the Notes of such Series and this Indenture and the Guarantors obligations under the Note Guarantees and this Indenture with respect to the Notes of such Series, except for those
surviving obligations specified above. The Trustee and the Agent shall not be responsible for the calculation of, or otherwise required to verify, any Applicable Premium. 

Section 8.02.Legal Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance. 

(a) The Issuers may, at their option and at any time, elect to have either paragraph (b) or (c) below be applied all
outstanding Notes of a Series and the applicable Security Documents upon compliance with the conditions set forth in Section 8.03. 

(b) Upon the Issuers exercise under Section 8.02(a) hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.02(b), the
Issuers and the Guarantors shall, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.03, be deemed to have been discharged from their obligations with respect to all outstanding Notes of such Series and the Note Guarantees
thereof on the date the conditions set forth below are satisfied (hereinafter, Legal Defeasance). For this purpose, Legal Defeasance means that the Issuers and the Guarantors shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire
Indebtedness represented by the outstanding Notes of such Series and the Note Guarantees thereof, which shall thereafter be deemed to be outstanding only for the purposes of Section 8.04 hereof and the other Sections of this
Indenture referred to in (i) and (i) below, and to have satisfied all its other obligations under such Series of Notes and this Indenture and the Guarantors shall be deemed to have satisfied all of their obligations under the Note
Guarantees and this Indenture (and the Trustee, on demand of and at the expense of the Issuers, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging the same), except for the following provisions which shall survive until otherwise terminated or
discharged hereunder: 

(i) the rights of Holders of outstanding Notes of such Series to receive, solely from the
trust fund described in Section 8.04, and as more fully set forth in such Section 8.04, payments in respect of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on such Series of Notes (including Additional Amounts with respect to Euro
Notes, if any) when such payments are due; 

(ii) the Issuers obligations with respect to such Series of Notes
concerning issuing temporary Notes, registration of Notes, mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and Section 5.02 hereof; 

(iii) the rights, powers, trusts, duties, indemnities and immunities of the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent, and the
Issuers obligations in connection therewith; and 

(iv) the provisions of this Article 8 applicable to Legal
Defeasance. 

-125- 

Subject to compliance with this Article 8, the Issuers may exercise their option under
this Section 8.02(b) notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option under Section 8.02(c). 

(c) Upon the
Issuers exercise under Section 8.02(a) hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.02(c), the Issuers and the Guarantors shall, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.03, be released from
their respective obligations under the covenants contained in Sections 4.03 through 4.05, Sections 4.07 through 4.16, Sections 4.18 through 4.22 and clause (iii) of Section 5.01(a) with respect to the outstanding Notes of the
applicable Series of Notes on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 8.03 are satisfied (hereinafter, Covenant Defeasance), and the Notes of such Series shall thereafter be deemed not outstanding
for the purposes of any direction, waiver, consent or declaration or act of Holders (and the consequences of any thereof) in connection with such covenants, but shall continue to be deemed outstanding for all other purposes
hereunder (it being understood that such Series of Notes shall not be deemed outstanding for accounting purposes). For this purpose, Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect to such Series of Notes, the Issuers and the Guarantors may omit to
comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such covenant, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or by reason of any reference in
any such covenant to any other provision herein or in any other document and such omission to comply shall not constitute an Event of Default under Section 6.01, but, except as specified above, the remainder of this Indenture and such Series of
Notes shall be unaffected thereby. In addition, upon the Issuers exercise under paragraph (a) hereof of the option applicable to this paragraph (c), subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.03, clauses
(iii), (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii) of Section 6.01 shall not constitute Events of Default. 

Section 8.03.Conditions to Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. The following will be the
conditions to the application of either Section 8.02(b) or 8.02(c) hereof to the outstanding Notes of a Series: 

(i) the Issuers will irrevocably deposit with the applicable Paying Agent or such paying agent as is designated or
appointed by the Issuers for this purpose, as provided for in Section 8.04, in trust, for the benefit of the Holders of such Series of Notes subject to Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance, with respect to the Dollar Notes, U.S. legal
tender, U.S. Government Obligations or a combination thereof or, with respect to the Euro Notes, Euros, non-callable Euro-Denominated Designated Government Obligations or a combination thereof, in such amounts
as will be sufficient (without reinvestment), to pay the principal of and interest (including Additional Amounts with respect to the Euro Notes and premium, if any) on such Notes on the stated date for payment or on the Redemption Date of the
Notes; provided, that upon any redemption that requires the payment of an Applicable Premium, the amount deposited shall be sufficient to the extent that an amount is deposited with the applicable Paying Agent equal to the Applicable Premium
calculated as of the date of the notice of redemption, with any deficit as of Redemption Date (any such amount, the Applicable Premium Deficit) only required to be deposited with the applicable Paying Agent on or prior to the
Redemption Date. Any Applicable Premium Deficit shall be set forth in an Officers Certificate delivered to the applicable Paying Agent and the Trustee at least one Business Day prior to the deposit of such Applicable Premium Deficit that
confirms that such Applicable Premium Deficit shall be applied toward such redemption; 

(ii) in the case of Legal
Defeasance, the Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel in the United States of America confirming that: 

(1) the Issuers have received from, or there has been published by the Internal Revenue Service, a ruling, or 

(2) since the date of this Indenture, there has been a change in the applicable U.S. federal income tax law, in either
case to the effect that, and based 

-126- 

thereon this Opinion of Counsel shall confirm that the Holders and beneficial owners will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such Legal
Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Legal Defeasance had not occurred; 

(iii) in the case of Covenant Defeasance, the Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel in the
United States of America reasonably acceptable to the Trustee confirming that the Holders and beneficial owners will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such Covenant Defeasance
and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred; 

(iv) no Default with respect to such Series of Notes shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit
(other than a Default resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied to such deposit and any similar and simultaneous deposit relating to other Indebtedness and, in each case, the granting of Liens on the deposited funds in connection
therewith); 

(v) the Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or
constitute a default under any other material agreement or instrument (other than this Indenture) to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is bound (other than any such Default or
default relating to any Indebtedness being defeased from any borrowing of funds to be applied to such deposit and any similar and simultaneous deposit relating to such Indebtedness, and the granting of Liens on the deposited funds in connection
therewith); 

(vi) the Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that the
deposit was not made by them with the intent of preferring the Holders over any other creditors of the Issuers or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any other of their creditors or others; and 

(vii) the Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each
stating that the conditions provided for in, in the case of the Officers Certificate, clauses (i) through (vi), as applicable, and, in the case of the Opinion of Counsel, clauses (ii), if applicable, and/or (iii) and (v) of this
Section 8.03 have been complied with. 

If the Issuers exercise either Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance with respect to a
Series of Notes, each Guarantor will be released from all of its obligations with respect to its Note Guarantee of such Notes and the Liens in all Collateral securing such Notes will be released with respect to such Series of Notes. 

Section 8.04.Application of Trust Money. Subject to Section 8.05, the applicable Paying Agent
shall hold in trust all Euro, Euro-Denominated Designated Government Obligations, U.S. dollars and U.S. Government Obligations deposited with it pursuant to this Article 8, and shall apply the deposited Euro, U.S. dollars and the money from
Euro-Denominated Designated Government Obligations or U.S. Government Obligations, as applicable, in accordance with this Indenture to the payment of the principal of and the interest on the Notes. The applicable Paying Agent shall be under no
obligation to invest said Euro, U.S. dollars, Euro-Denominated Designated Government Obligations or U.S. Government Obligations, as applicable, except as it may agree with the Issuers. 

-127- 

The Issuers shall pay and indemnify the applicable Paying Agent and the Trustee against any
tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the Euro and Euro-Denominated Designated Government Obligations deposited pursuant to Section 8.03 or the principal and interest received in respect thereof, other than any such tax, fee
or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders the Series of Notes outstanding. 

Anything in this Article 8 to the
contrary notwithstanding, the applicable Paying Agent shall deliver or pay to the Issuers from time to time upon the Issuers request, and upon written acknowledgement of the Trustee, any U.S. legal tender, U.S. Government Obligations, Euro and
Euro-Denominated Designated Government Obligations, as applicable, held by it as provided in Section 8.03 which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof
delivered to the applicable Paying Agent, are in excess of the amount thereof that would then be required to be deposited to effect an equivalent Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance. 

Section 8.05.Repayment to the Issuers. The Trustee and the applicable Paying Agent shall pay to the
Issuers upon request any money held by them for the payment of principal or interest that remains unclaimed for two years. After payment to the Issuers, Holders entitled to such money shall look to the Issuers for payment as general creditors unless
an applicable law designates another Person. 

Section 8.06.Reinstatement. If the Trustee or the
applicable Paying Agent is unable to apply any U.S. legal tender, U.S. Government Obligations, any Euro and Euro-Denominated Designated Government Obligations, as applicable, in accordance with this Article 8 by reason of any legal proceeding
or by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, the Issuers obligations under this Indenture, and the Series of Notes and the Note Guarantees shall
be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to this Article 8 until such time as the Trustee or the applicable Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such Euro and Euro-Denominated Designated Government Obligations and
U.S. legal tender and U.S. Government Obligations, as applicable, in accordance with this Article 8; provided that if the Issuers have made any payment of interest on, or principal of, such Series of Notes because of the reinstatement of
their obligations, the Issuers shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive such payment from the Euro and Euro-Denominated Designated Government Obligations or U.S. legal tender, U.S. Government Obligations, as
applicable, held by the Trustee or the applicable Paying Agent. 

ARTICLE 9 

AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 

Section 9.01.Without Consent of Holders. 

(a) Parent, the Issuers, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent, as applicable, may amend this Indenture, the
Notes, the Note Guarantees of the Notes, the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement: 

(i) to
cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 

(ii) to provide for the assumption by a successor of the
obligations of Parent, the Issuers or any Subsidiary Guarantor under this Indenture, the Security Documents or the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement; 

(iii) to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of certificated Notes; 

-128- 

(iv) to add Guarantees with respect to the Notes or to secure the
Notes; 

(v) to add to the covenants of Parent, the Issuers or a Restricted Subsidiary for the benefit of the Holders
or to surrender any right or power conferred upon Parent, the Issuers or a Restricted Subsidiary; 

(vi) to make any
change that does not adversely affect the rights of any holder, as evidenced by an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent (upon which they may fully rely); 

(vii) to comply with any requirement of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of this Indenture under
the Trust Indenture Act; 

(viii) to make any amendment to the provisions of this Indenture relating to the transfer
and legending of Notes; provided, however, that (A) compliance with this Indenture as so amended would not result in Notes being transferred in violation of the Securities Act or any other applicable securities law and
(B) such amendment does not materially and adversely affect the rights of Holders to transfer Notes; 

(ix) to
conform the text of this Indenture, the Notes, the Note Guarantees of the Notes, the Security Documents or the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement to any provision of the Description of Notes section in the Offering Memorandum to the
extent that such provision in such Description of Notes section was intended to be a substantially verbatim recitation of a provision of this Indenture, the Notes, the Note Guarantees of the Notes, the Security Documents or the First
Lien Intercreditor Agreement, as evidenced by an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent (upon which they may fully rely); 

(x) evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment by a successor Trustee or a successor Notes Collateral Agent,
provided that the successor Trustee or successor Notes Collateral Agent, as the case may be, is otherwise qualified and eligible to act as such under the terms of this Indenture; 

(xi) provide for a reduction in the minimum denominations of the Notes; 

(xii) comply with the rules of any applicable securities depositary; 

(xiii) to provide for the issuance of Additional Notes and related Note Guarantees in accordance with the limitations set
forth in this Indenture; 

(xiv) to add Collateral with respect to any or all of the Notes and/or the Note Guarantees
of the Notes, or to make, complete or confirm any grant of a Lien or security interest in any property or assets as additional Collateral securing the Notes Obligations; 

(xv) to release and discharge any Collateral from the Lien securing the Notes Obligations when permitted by or required
by the Security Documents or this Indenture; 

(xvi) to add any Additional First-Priority Secured Parties to any
Security Documents or to the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement; 

-129- 

(xvii) to enter into any intercreditor agreement having substantially
similar terms with respect to the Holders of the Notes as those set forth in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, taken as a whole, and to enter into any joinder to any of the foregoing; 

(xviii) in the case of any Security Document, to include therein any legend required to be set forth therein pursuant to
the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, or to modify any such legend as required by the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement; or 

(xix) to provide for the succession or joinder of any parties to the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor
Agreement (and any amendments that are administrative or ministerial in nature) in connection with an amendment, renewal, extension, substitution, refinancing, restructuring, replacement, supplementing or other modification from time to time of any
agreement that is not prohibited by this Indenture. 

Section 9.02.With Consent of Holders. 

(a) Subject to Section 9.01, the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent, if applicable, together, with
the consent of the Holder or Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes without notice to or consent from any other party to this Indenture may amend or supplement this Indenture, the Notes, the Note
Guarantees, the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement without notice to any other Holders; provided that (x) if any such modification or amendment will only affect one Series of Notes then outstanding under this
Indenture, then only the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of such Series of Notes then outstanding shall be required and (y) if any such modification or amendment by its terms will affect a Series of Notes in a manner
different and materially adverse relative to the manner such amendment or waiver affects other Series of Notes, then the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of each other Series of Notes then outstanding and so affected shall be
required. 

(b) Subject to Section 6.07, the Holder or Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the
outstanding Notes of a Series may waive, with respect to such Series of Notes, compliance with any provision of this Indenture, the Notes, the Note Guarantees, the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement without notice to any
other Holders. 

(c) Notwithstanding Section 9.02(a), without the consent of each Holder affected, no amendment or waiver may:

(i) change the Stated Maturity of the principal of, or any installment of interest (or Additional Amounts, if
any) on, any Note; 

(ii) reduce the principal amount of, or premium, if any, or interest on, any Note or make
the Notes payable in money other than that stated in the Note; 

(iii) change the place of payment of principal of, or
premium, if any, or interest on, any Note; 

(iv) impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any
payment on or after the Stated Maturity (or, in the case of a redemption, on or after the Redemption Date) of any Note; 

(v) reduce the above-stated percentages of outstanding Notes the consent of whose Holders is necessary to modify or amend
this Indenture; 

-130- 

(vi) waive a default in the payment of principal of, premium, if any,
or interest (or Additional Amounts, if any) on a Series of Notes (except a rescission of the declaration of acceleration of the Notes by the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes of a Series then outstanding
and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration, so long as all other existing Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest (or Additional Amounts, if any) on the Notes
that have become due solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived); 

(vii) voluntarily
release a Guarantor of the Notes, except as permitted by this Indenture; 

(viii) reduce the percentage or aggregate
principal amount of outstanding Notes the consent of whose Holders is necessary for waiver of compliance with Sections 6.02 and 6.04; or 

(ix) modify or change any provisions of this Indenture affecting the ranking of the Notes as to right of payment or the
Note Guarantees thereof in any manner adverse to the Holders. 

(d) It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders under
this Section 9.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment, supplement or waiver but it shall be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof. 

(e) A consent to any amendment, supplement or waiver under this Indenture by any Holder given in connection with an exchange (in the
case of an exchange offer) or a tender (in the case of a tender offer) of such Holders Notes shall not be rendered invalid by such tender or exchange. 

(f) After an amendment, supplement or waiver under this Section 9.02 becomes effective, the Issuers shall deliver to the Holders
affected thereby a notice briefly describing the amendment, supplement or waiver. Any failure of the Issuers to give such notice to all Holders, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such
amendment, supplement or waiver. 

(g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, without the consent of the Holders of at least 66 2/3% in
aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, no amendment or waiver may (A) make any change in any Security Document, the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or the provisions in this Indenture dealing with Collateral or application
of trust proceeds of the Collateral with the effect of releasing the Liens on all or substantially all of the Collateral which secure the Notes Obligations or (B) change or alter the priority of Liens securing the Notes Obligations in any
material portion of the Collateral in any way materially adverse, taken as a whole, to the Holders of the Notes, other than, in each case, as provided under the terms of this Indenture, the Security Documents or the First Lien Intercreditor
Agreement; provided that (x) if any such modification or amendment will only affect one Series of Notes then outstanding under this Indenture, then only the consent of the Holders of at least 66 2/3% in aggregate principal amount of such
Series of Notes then outstanding shall be required and (y) if any such modification or amendment by its terms will affect a Series of Notes in a manner different and materially adverse relative to the manner such amendment or waiver affects
other Series of Notes, then the consent of the Holders of at least 66 2/3% in aggregate principal amount of such Series of Notes then outstanding so affected shall be required. 

Section 9.03.Revocation and Effect of Consents. Until an amendment, waiver or supplement becomes
effective, a consent to it by a Holder is a continuing consent by the Holder and every subsequent Holder of a Note or portion of a Note that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holders Note, even

-131- 

if notation of the consent is not made on any Note. However, any such Holder or subsequent Holder may revoke the consent as to his Note or portion of his Note by notice to the Trustee or the
Issuers received before the date on which the Trustee receives an Officers Certificate certifying that the Holders of the requisite principal amount of Notes have consented (and not theretofore revoked such consent) to the amendment,
supplement or waiver. 

The Issuers may, but shall not be obligated to, fix a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders
entitled to consent to any amendment, supplement or waiver, which record date shall be at least 30 days prior to the first solicitation of such consent. If a record date is fixed, then notwithstanding the last sentence of the immediately preceding
paragraph, those Persons who were Holders at such record date (or their duly designated proxies), and only those Persons, shall be entitled to revoke any consent previously given, whether or not such Persons continue to be Holders after such record
date. No such consent shall be valid or effective for more than 90 days after such record date. The Issuers shall inform the Trustee in writing of the fixed record date if applicable. 

After an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, it shall bind every Holder, unless it makes a change described in any of clauses
(i) through (ix) of Section 9.02(c), in which case, the amendment, supplement or waiver shall bind only each Holder of a Note who has consented to it and every subsequent Holder of a Note or portion of a Note that evidences the same debt
as the consenting Holders Note; provided, however, that any such waiver shall not impair or affect the right of any Holder to receive payment of principal of, and interest on, a Note, on or after the respective due dates
therefor, or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such respective dates without the consent of such Holder. 

Section 9.04.Notation on or Exchange of Notes. If an amendment, supplement or waiver changes the terms
of a Note, the Issuers may require the Holder of the Note to deliver it to the Trustee. The Issuers shall provide the Trustee with an appropriate notation on the Note about the changed terms and cause the Trustee to return it to the Holder at the
Issuers expense. Alternatively, if the Issuers or the Trustee so determines, the Issuers in exchange for the Note shall issue, and the Trustee will authenticate, a new Note that reflects the changed terms. Failure to make the appropriate
notation or issue a new Note shall not affect the validity and effect of such amendment, supplement or waiver. 

Section 9.05.Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent to Sign Amendments, etc. The Trustee and
Notes Collateral Agent, if applicable, shall execute any amendment, supplement or waiver authorized pursuant to this Article 9; provided, however, that the Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, execute
any such amendment, supplement or waiver which affects the Trustees or Notes Collateral Agents, as applicable, own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture. The Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent shall be entitled to receive,
and shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel and an Officers Certificate each stating that the execution of any amendment, supplement or waiver pursuant to this Article 9 is authorized or permitted by this Indenture, all
conditions precedent thereto have been complied with and, in the case of amendments or supplements, that such amendment or supplements, constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuers enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject
to customary exceptions. Such Opinion of Counsel shall be at the expense of the Issuers. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, none of Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent or any other Agent is required to execute any
amendment, supplement or waiver authorized pursuant to this Article 9 for such amendment, supplement or waiver to be effective hereunder, except to the extent such amendment, supplement or waiver adversely affects the rights of any such Agent.
Notice of any amendment, supplement or waiver shall be given to the Agents by the Issuers. 

-132- 

Section 9.06.No Impairment of Right of Holders to
Receive Payment. For the avoidance of doubt, no amendment to, or deletion of any of, the covenants under Article 4 or action taken in compliance with the covenants in effect at the time of such action shall be deemed to impair or affect any
legal rights of any Holders of the Notes to receive payment of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on the Notes or to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or with respect to such Holders Notes. 

ARTICLE 10 

NOTE GUARANTEES 

Section 10.01.Guarantee. Subject to this Article 10, each of the Guarantors hereby, jointly and
severally, unconditionally Guarantees on a senior secured basis to each Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity and enforceability of this Indenture,
the Notes or the obligations of the Issuers hereunder or thereunder, that: (a) the principal of and interest on the Notes shall be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on
the overdue principal of and interest on the Notes, if any, if lawful, and all other obligations of the Issuers to the Holders or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder shall be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof; and (b) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other obligations, that same shall be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or
renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any amount so Guaranteed or any performance so Guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay the same
immediately. Each Guarantor agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of collection. 

The Guarantors hereby agree
that their obligations hereunder shall be unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Notes or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Notes with
respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Issuers, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a Guarantor.
Subject to Section 6.06 hereof, each Guarantor hereby waives, to the extent permitted by applicable law, diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuers, any right
to require a proceeding first against the Issuers, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenant that this Note Guarantee shall not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Notes and this Indenture.

If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to the Issuers, the Guarantors or any custodian, trustee,
liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to either the Issuers or the Guarantors, any amount paid by either to the Trustee or such Holder, this Note Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force
and effect. 

Each Guarantor agrees that it shall not be entitled to any right of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any
obligations Guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all obligations Guaranteed hereby. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand, (x) the maturity of
the obligations Guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article 6 hereof for the purposes of this Note Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations
Guaranteed hereby and (y) in the event of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article 6hereof, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the
Guarantors for the purpose of this Note Guarantee. 

-133- 

Section 10.02.Limitation on Guarantor Liability.
Each Guarantor, and by its acceptance of Notes, each Holder, hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Note Guarantee of such Guarantor not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy Law,
the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar Federal, state or foreign law to the extent applicable to any Note Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee, the Holders and the
Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of such Guarantor will, after giving effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant under such laws, and after giving effect
to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other Guarantor under this Article 10, result in the obligations of such Guarantor under
its Note Guarantee not constituting a fraudulent transfer or conveyance. Each Guarantor that makes a payment for distribution under its Note Guarantee is entitled to a contribution from each other Guarantor in a pro rata amount based on the adjusted
net assets of each Guarantor. 

Section 10.03.Execution and Delivery. To evidence its Note
Guarantee set forth in Section 10.01, each Guarantor hereby agrees that this Indenture (or a supplemental indenture in the form of Exhibit D hereto) shall be executed on behalf of such Guarantor by one of its Officers. 

Each Guarantor hereby agrees that its Note Guarantee set forth in Section 10.01 shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any
failure to endorse on each Note a notation of such Note Guarantee. 

If an Officer whose signature is on this Indenture or on the Note
Guarantee no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates the Note, the Note Guarantee shall be valid nevertheless. 

The
delivery of any Note by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof hereunder, shall constitute due delivery of the Note Guarantee set forth in this Indenture on behalf of the Guarantors. 

Section 10.04.Release of a Guarantor. A Subsidiary Guarantor shall be automatically and
unconditionally released from its obligations under its Note Guarantee and its obligations under this Indenture in the event of: 

(a) any sale, exchange or transfer, to any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary of an Issuer of Capital Stock held by an Issuer
and its Restricted Subsidiaries in, or all or substantially all the assets of, such Restricted Subsidiary (which sale, exchange or transfer is not prohibited by this Indenture), such that, immediately after giving effect to such transaction, such
Restricted Subsidiary would no longer constitute a Restricted Subsidiary of an Issuer; 

(b) in connection with the merger or
consolidation of such Subsidiary Guarantor with (a) an Issuer or (b) any other Guarantor (provided that the surviving entity remains a Guarantor); 

(c) other than with respect to a Subsidiary Pledgor, if the Issuers properly designate any such Subsidiary Guarantor as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary; 

(d) upon the Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture in accordance with
Article 8; 

(e) upon a liquidation or dissolution of such Subsidiary Guarantor permitted under this Indenture; 

-134- 

(f) in the case of any Subsidiary Guarantor that is a Subsidiary Pledgor, such
Subsidiary Guarantor ceasing to be a Subsidiary Pledgor (unless such Subsidiary Guarantor is a borrower or guarantor under the U.S. Credit Agreement); 

(g) other than with respect to a Subsidiary Pledgor, (i) the release or discharge of the Indebtedness that resulted in the creation
of such Note Guarantee, except a discharge or release by or as a result of payment under such Note Guarantee (it being understood that a release subject to a contingent reinstatement is still a release) or (ii) if, at the time of such release
and discharge and assuming such Subsidiary Guarantor was not then a Subsidiary Guarantor under this Indenture, such Subsidiary Guarantor would not have been required to Guarantee the Notes pursuant to the provisions described in Section 4.15;
or 

(h) in the case of any Subsidiary Guarantor that owns or ground leases any property designated Secured Pool Property
and is not a guarantor under the U.S. Credit Agreement, upon such Subsidiary Guarantor becoming a Notes Pledged Subsidiary. 

In addition,
any Note Guarantee of the Notes by a Subsidiary Guarantor (other than a Subsidiary Pledgor until such time such Person is no longer required to pledge its Capital Stock in a Notes Pledged Subsidiary to secure the Notes) shall be automatically and
unconditionally released and discharged if such Subsidiary ceases to Guarantee Obligations under the U.S. Credit Agreement or ceases to constitute a co-borrower with respect to the U.S. Credit Agreement. 

The Trustee may execute an appropriate instrument prepared by the Issuers evidencing the release of a Guarantor from its obligations under its
Note Guarantee and this Indenture upon receipt of a request by the Issuers or such Guarantor accompanied by an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel certifying as to the compliance with this Section 10.04; provided,
however, that the legal counsel delivering such Opinion of Counsel may rely as to matters of fact on one or more Officers Certificates of the Issuers. 

Section 10.05.Benefits Acknowledged. Each Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive direct and
indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by this Indenture and that the guarantee and waivers made by it pursuant to its Note Guarantee are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. 

Section 10.06.Luxembourg Guarantors. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of any of the First Lien Documents, to the extent that a guarantee is provided by a Luxembourg Guarantor,
its maximum liability for the obligations of any parties in relation to a First Lien Obligation and which is not a direct or indirect subsidiary of the Luxembourg Guarantor shall be limited to an amount not exceeding the greater of: 

(i) 95% of the Luxembourg Guarantors own funds (capitaux propres), as referred to in annex I to the
grand-ducal regulation dated December 18, 2015 defining the form and content of the presentation of balance sheet and profit and loss account, and enforcing the Luxembourg Commercial Register Law (the Regulation) as increased
by the amount of any subordinated debt (including any Luxembourg Intra-Group Liabilities) each as reflected in the Luxembourg Guarantors latest duly approved annual accounts and other relevant documents available to the Trustee at the date of
this Indenture; or 

(ii) 95% of the Luxembourg Guarantors own funds (capitaux propres), as referred to in the
Regulation as increased by the amount of any subordinated debt (including any Intra-Group Liabilities ) each as reflected in the Luxembourg Guarantors latest duly approved annual accounts and other relevant documents available to the Trustee
at the time the guarantee is called. 

-135- 

Notwithstanding any other provision of any of the First Lien Documents,, any guarantee
provided by a Luxembourg Guarantor shall exclusively be limited to payment obligations and shall not extend to performance obligations. 

ARTICLE 11 

RESERVED 

ARTICLE 12 

COLLATERAL 

Section 12.01. The Collateral. 

(a) The due and punctual payment of the principal of, premium, if any, Additional Amounts, if any, and interest on the Notes and the
Note Guarantees thereof when and as the same shall be due and payable, whether on an Interest Payment Date, at maturity, by acceleration, repurchase, redemption or otherwise, interest on the overdue principal of and interest (to the extent permitted
by law), if any, on the Notes and the Note Guarantees thereof, and performance of all other obligations of the Issuers and the Guarantors under this Indenture and the Notes shall be secured by first-priority Liens on the Collateral, subject to
Permitted Liens, as provided in the Security Documents which the Issuers and the Guarantors, as the case may be, have entered into simultaneously with the execution of this Indenture and will be secured pursuant to all Security Documents hereafter
delivered as required or permitted by this Indenture and the Security Documents, subject to the terms of the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. The Pledgors shall take all steps required pursuant to the Security Agreements to perfect the security
interests on the Collateral owned on the Issue Date, including, to the extent and within the time periods required by the Security Agreements, by delivery of applicable stock certificates, filing of financing statements or otherwise as necessary or
required pursuant to the applicable law governing such Collateral. 

(b) The Issuers and the Guarantors hereby agree that the Notes
Collateral Agent shall hold the Collateral for the benefit of the First-Priority Secured Parties, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Indenture, the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, and the Notes Collateral Agent
is hereby authorized to execute and deliver the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 

(c) Each Holder, by
its acceptance of any Notes, consents and agrees to the terms of Section 12.05 hereof, the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement (including the provisions providing for foreclosure) as the same may be in effect or may be
amended from time to time in accordance with their terms and authorizes and directs the Notes Collateral Agent to enter into, and to perform its obligations and exercise its rights under, the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor
Agreement in accordance therewith. 

(d) The Notes Collateral Agent, the Trustee and each Holder, by accepting the Notes and the Note
Guarantees thereof, acknowledges that, as more fully set forth in the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, the Collateral as now or hereafter constituted shall be held for the benefit of the First-Priority Secured Parties,
and that the Lien of this Indenture and the Security Documents in respect of the First-Priority Secured Parties is subject to and qualified and limited in all respects by the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and actions
that may be taken thereunder. 

-136- 

(e) The Issuers have the right, whether or not in connection with a substitution, to
add real estate assets as Secured Pool Properties from time to time in accordance with the U.S. Credit Agreement. In addition, following the expiration or termination of the U.S. Credit Agreement (other than in connection with a
refinancing or replacement thereof in the form of a credit facility), the Issuers may add Eligible Properties as Secured Pool Properties by designating such Eligible Properties as Secured Pool Properties in a notice delivered to the
Notes Collateral Agent, which notice shall set forth the date of the effectiveness of such designation. Concurrent with the addition of any real estate assets as a Secured Pool Property (an Additional Secured Pool Property),
whether pursuant to Section 4.09(e) or Section 4.10, in connection with a substitution pursuant to the U.S. Credit Agreement as contemplated by Section 12.02(a) below, or otherwise, the Issuers will, or will cause their applicable
Subsidiaries to, pledge on a First-Priority Lien basis the Capital Stock in any Subsidiary that owns or ground leases the Additional Secured Pool Property or that is or is otherwise required to become a Notes Pledged Subsidiary (and, if the
applicable Pledgor with respect to such Capital Stock is not an Issuer or a Guarantor prior to such addition, will cause the provision by such Pledgor of a Note Guarantee of the Notes pursuant to Section 4.15) by executing a supplement to a
Security Document or entering into a new Security Document (which agreement shall be substantially identical to the Security Document in the relevant jurisdiction as in effect on the Issue Date or, if such security agreement shall be in a new
jurisdiction, such security agreement shall be substantially similar to the Security Documents in effect on the Issue Date with such modifications as are necessary to comply with local law or customary in such jurisdiction (as determined in good
faith by the Issuers)). 

(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of any Notes Pledged Subsidiary that is a limited
partnership organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, the Collateral may include the Capital Stock of the general partner of such limited partnership in lieu of the general partnership
interest in such limited partnership (provided that 100% of the Capital Stock of the underlying Notes Pledged Subsidiary that is not directly held by such general partner is directly held by the applicable Pledgor), in which case
(i) such general partnership interest shall not constitute Collateral, (ii) such general partner shall also constitute a Notes Pledged Subsidiary, and (iii) all other Capital Stock in such limited partnership shall
constitute Collateral. Concurrently with the pledge of the Capital Stock in any Notes Pledged Subsidiary in respect of which the general partnership interest will not constitute Collateral pursuant to this Section 12.01(f) or
otherwise, the Issuers will, or will cause their applicable Subsidiaries to, pledge on a First-Priority Lien basis the Capital Stock in the applicable general partner (and, if the applicable Pledgor with respect to such Capital Stock is not an
Issuer or a Guarantor prior thereto, will cause the provision by such Pledgor of a Note Guarantee of the Notes pursuant to Section 4.15) by executing a supplement to a Security Document or entering into a new Security Document (which agreement
shall be substantially identical to the Security Document in the relevant jurisdiction as in effect on the Issue Date or, if such security agreement shall be in a new jurisdiction, such security agreement shall be substantially similar to the
Security Documents in effect on the Issue Date with such modifications as are necessary to comply with local law or customary in such jurisdiction (as determined in good faith by the Issuers)). 

Section 12.02. Release of Liens. 

(a) For so long as the U.S. Credit Agreement is outstanding and secured by Liens on the Collateral, if at any time any of the Issuers or
the Guarantors obtains the release of Liens on any Collateral (Credit Agreement Released Collateral) in accordance with the U.S. Credit Agreement, including in exchange for the substituted pledge of any new Collateral
(Substituted Collateral) under the U.S. Credit Agreement, then the Liens securing the Notes Obligation on such Credit Agreement Released Collateral shall be automatically released concurrently therewith, subject to concurrent
pledge of such Substituted Collateral pursuant to Section 12.01(e) if such release is in exchange for a pledge of Substituted Collateral. 

-137- 

(b) The Liens on the Collateral owned by any Pledgor will be automatically released
when the Note Guarantee of the Notes by such Pledgor is released in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and/or the Security Documents. In addition, the Liens on the Collateral securing the Notes Obligations will be released: 

(i) in whole upon defeasance or discharge of the Notes and this Indenture in accordance with Article 8 hereof; 

(ii) in whole upon payment in full of principal, interest and all other Notes Obligations (other than contingent
Obligations in respect of which no claims have been made); 

(iii) in whole, or in part, in accordance with the
provisions in Article 9 hereof; 

(iv) in whole, or in part, in connection with any sale, transfer or other
disposition of any Collateral to any Person other than the Issuers or any of their Subsidiaries (but excluding any transaction subject to Section 5.01 where the recipient is required to become the obligor under the Notes or a Note Guarantee)
that does not violate any of the terms of this Indenture; or 

(v) at any time the Notes Collateral Agent forecloses
upon or otherwise exercises remedies against such Collateral. 

Section 12.03.No Impairment of Security
Interest. Neither the Issuers nor any of the Guarantors will be permitted to take any action, or knowingly or negligently omit to take any action, which action or omission would have the result of materially impairing the grant, perfection or
priority of the security interest required to be granted under this Indenture with respect to a material portion of the Collateral for the benefit of the Trustee and the holders of the Notes (provided this requirement shall not be construed to
restrict any actions that permit the release of the Collateral in accordance with Section 12.02). 

Section 12.04.Further Assurances. The Pledgors shall execute any and all further documents, financing
statements, agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions that may be required under any applicable law, or that the Notes Collateral Agent may reasonably request (subject to any limitations set forth in the applicable Security
Documents), to ensure that the Liens on the Collateral granted, or required to be granted, pursuant to this Indenture or the Security Documents on the Issue Date or at any time thereafter, are and remain perfected to the extent and with the priority
contemplated thereby, all at the expense of the Issuers and Guarantors and provide to the Notes Collateral Agent and the Trustee, from time to time upon reasonable request, evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Notes Collateral Agent and the
Trustee as to the perfection and priority of the Liens granted, or required to be granted, pursuant to this Indenture or the Security Documents. 

Section 12.05.Authorization of Actions to Be Taken by the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent under the
Security Documents. 

(a) Subject to the provisions of the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, each of
the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent may (but shall in no event be required to), in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Holders, on behalf of the First-Priority Secured Parties, take all actions it deems necessary or appropriate
in order to (i) enforce any of its rights or any of the rights of the First-Priority Secured Parties under the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement (ii) collect and receive any and all amounts payable in respect of
the Collateral in respect of the obligations of the Issuers and the Subsidiaries hereunder and thereunder. Subject to the provisions of the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent
shall have the power, but not the obligation, to institute and to maintain such suits and proceedings as it may deem expedient to prevent any impairment of the Collateral by any acts that may be unlawful or in violation of the Security Documents,
the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or this Indenture, and such suits and 

-138- 

proceedings as the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent may (without have any obligation to pursue whatsoever) deem expedient to preserve or protect the interests of the First-Priority Secured
Parties (including power to institute and maintain suits or proceedings to restrain the enforcement of or compliance with any legislative or other governmental enactment, rule or order that may be unconstitutional or otherwise invalid if the
enforcement of, or compliance with, such enactment, rule or order would impair the security interest hereunder or be prejudicial to the interests of the First-Priority Secured Parties). 

(b) [reserved]. 

(c) Upon receipt by the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee of a written request of Opco signed by an Officer (a Collateral
Document Order), the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee, as applicable, is hereby authorized to execute and enter into, and if satisfactory in form and substance to the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee, shall execute and enter
into, without further consent of any Holder, any Security Document to be executed after the date of this Indenture. Such Collateral Document Order shall (i) state that it is being delivered to the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee pursuant
to, and is a Collateral Document Order referred to in this Section 12.05(c), (ii) instruct the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee to execute and enter into such Collateral Document and (iii) certify that (x) the Collateral being
added is in the form and consists of the assets required by this Indenture and (y) all conditions precedent to the execution and delivery of the Security Document have been satisfied. The form of such Security Document, based on the type and
location of the property subject thereto, shall be in substantially the form of the applicable Security Documents entered into on the date of this Indenture or on the date first delivered in the case of Collateral that is permitted hereunder to be
delivered after the date of this Indenture, with such changes thereto as the Issuer shall consider appropriate, or in such other form as the Issuer shall deem proper; provided that any such changes or such form are satisfactory in form to the
Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent. The Holders, by their acceptance of the Notes, hereby authorize and direct the Notes Collateral Agent and the Trustee to execute such Security Documents. 

(d) The Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent, in giving any consent or approval under the Security Documents and in executing and
delivering any documents or instruments, shall be entitled to receive, as a condition to such consent or approval or execution and delivery of such documents, an Officers Certificate (but not an Opinion of Counsel, unless the Notes Collateral
Agent is otherwise entitled to request and receive an Opinion of Counsel pursuant to the terms of this Indenture or the Security Documents) to the effect that the action or omission for which consent or approval is to be given and the execution and
delivery of any documents and instruments is authorized and permitted according to the terms of this Indenture and the Security Documents and that all conditions precedent in this Indenture and the Security Documents relating to the execution and
delivery of such documents and instruments have been satisfied, and the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent shall be fully protected in giving such consent or approval and/or executing and delivering any such documents on the basis of such
Officers Certificate. 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither an Opinion of Counsel nor an Officers Certificate
shall be required in connection with the filing of UCC financing statements or the joinder of any new Guarantor to the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any Security Documents. 

Section 12.06.Appointment and Authorization of Wilmington Trust, National Association as Notes Collateral
Agent. 

-139- 

(a) Wilmington Trust, National Association is hereby designated and appointed as the
Notes Collateral Agent under the Security Documents, and is authorized as the Notes Collateral Agent to execute and enter into each of the Security Documents, the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and all other instruments relating to the Security
Documents and (i) to take action and exercise such powers as are expressly required or permitted hereunder and under the Security Documents and all instruments relating hereto and thereto including entering into any amendments, supplements,
modifications, joinders or intercreditor agreements relating thereto, including any Security Documents entered into after the date hereof, and (ii) to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are in each case, expressly delegated to the
Notes Collateral Agent by the terms hereof and thereof together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental hereto and thereto. 

(b) The Notes Collateral Agent shall incur no liability to anyone in acting upon any signature, instrument, statement, notice,
resolution, request, direction, consent, order, certificate, report, opinion, bond or other document or paper reasonably believed by it to be genuine and reasonably believed by it to be signed by the proper party or parties. The Notes Collateral
Agent may exercise any of its rights or powers hereunder or perform any of its duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys, and the Notes Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for any willful misconduct or gross
negligence on the part of any agent or attorney appointed hereunder with due care by it. Anything in this Indenture or Security Documents notwithstanding, in no event shall the Notes Collateral Agent be liable for special, indirect or consequential
damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Notes Collateral Agent has been advised of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. The provisions of Article 7 hereunder shall apply, mutatis
mutandis, with respect to the Notes Collateral Agent. 

(c) Subject to the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor
Agreement, except as directed by the Trustee or the Holders as required or permitted by this Indenture, the Holders acknowledge that the Notes Collateral Agent will not be obligated: 

(i) to act upon directions purported to be delivered to it by any other Person; 

(ii) to foreclose upon or otherwise enforce any Lien securing the Notes; or 

(iii) to take any other action whatsoever with regard to any or all Liens securing the Notes, the Security Documents or
the Collateral. 

(d) In no event shall the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee be required to execute and deliver any landlord
lien waiver, estoppel or collateral access letter, or any account control agreement or any instruction or direction letter delivered in connection with such document that the Notes Collateral Agent or the Trustee determines adversely affects it or
otherwise subjects it to personal liability, including without limitation agreements to indemnify any contractual counterparty. 

Section 12.07.Appointment of Notes Collateral Agent as Security Trustee. 

(a) For the purposes of any Collateral created or secured under the U.K. Security Agreement (as defined below) the following additional
provisions shall apply. 

(b) In this Section 12.07, the following expressions have the following meanings: 

Appointee means any receiver, administrator or other insolvency officer appointed in respect of any Obligors or its assets.

-140- 

Charged Property means the assets of the Obligors subject to a security
interest under the U.K. Security Agreement. 

Delegate means any delegate, agent, attorney or trustee appointed by the
Notes Collateral Agent (in its capacity as security trustee). 

Notes Documents means this Indenture, any Guarantee, the
Security Documents and any amendment, waiver, supplement or other modification to any of the foregoing. 

Obligors means
the Issuer and any Guarantor. 

Secured Parties has the meaning given to such term in the U.K. Security Agreement. 

U.K. Security Agreement means the English law governed share and receivables charge dated on or about the date of this
Indenture between, amongst others, MPT UK Holdings Limited and MPT UK Property Holdings Limited as chargors and the Notes Collateral Agent as collateral agent. 

(c) The Secured Parties appoint the Notes Collateral Agent to hold the security interests constituted by the U.K. Security Agreement,
solely for purposes of the U.K. Security Agreement, on trust for the Secured Parties on the terms of the Notes Documents and the Notes Collateral Agent accepts that appointment. 

(d) The Notes Collateral Agent, its subsidiaries and associated companies may each retain for its own account and benefit any fee,
remuneration and profits paid to it in connection with (i) its activities under the Note Documents; and (ii) its engagement in any kind of banking or other business with any Obligor. 

(e) Nothing in this Indenture constitutes the Notes Collateral Agent as an agent, a trustee or fiduciary of, nor shall the Notes
Collateral Agent have any duty or responsibility to, any Obligor. 

(f) The Notes Collateral Agent shall have no duties or
obligations to any other person except for those which are expressly specified in the Note Documents or mandatorily required by applicable law. 

(g) The Notes Collateral Agent may appoint one or more Delegates on such terms (which may include the power to sub-delegate) and subject to such conditions as it thinks fit, to exercise and perform all or any of the duties, rights, powers and discretions vested in it by the U.K. Security Agreement and shall not be obliged to
supervise any Delegate or be responsible to any person for any loss incurred by reason of any act, omission, misconduct or default on the part of any Delegate. 

(h) The Notes Collateral Agent may (whether for the purpose of complying with any law or regulation of any overseas jurisdiction, or for
any other reason) appoint (and subsequently remove) any person to act jointly with the Notes Collateral Agent either as a separate trustee or as a co-trustee on such terms and subject to such conditions as the
Notes Collateral Agent thinks fit and with such of the duties, rights, powers and discretions vested in the Notes Collateral Agent by the U.K. Security Agreement as may be conferred by the instrument of appointment of that person. 

(i) The Notes Collateral Agent shall notify the Secured Parties of the appointment of each Appointee (other than a Delegate). 

(j) The Notes Collateral Agent may pay reasonable remuneration to any Delegate or Appointee, together with any costs and expenses
(including legal fees) reasonably incurred by the Delegate 

-141- 

or Appointee in connection with its appointment. All such remuneration, costs and expenses shall be treated, for the purposes of this Indenture, as paid or incurred by the Notes Collateral Agent
and shall be subject to reimbursement by the Issuers pursuant to Section 7.06 of this Indenture. 

(k) Each Delegate and each
Appointee shall have every benefit, right, power and discretion and the benefit of every exculpation (together Rights) of the Notes Collateral Agent (in its capacity as, solely for purposes of the U.K. Security Agreement, security
trustee) under the U.K. Security Agreement, and each reference to the Notes Collateral Agent (where the context requires that such reference is to the Notes Collateral Agent in its capacity as, solely for purposes of the U.K. Security Agreement,
security trustee) in the provisions of the U.K. Security Agreement which confer Rights shall be deemed to include a reference to each Delegate and each Appointee. 

(l) Each Secured Party confirms its approval of the U.K. Security Agreement and (i) authorizes and instructs the Notes Collateral
Agent to execute and deliver the U.K. Security Agreement; (ii) subject to the terms of this Indenture, authorizes the Notes Collateral Agent to exercise the rights and powers as are expressly delegated to the Notes Collateral Agent (in its
capacity as, solely for purposes of the U.K. Security Agreement, security trustee) under or in connection with the U.K. Security Agreement together with any other incidental rights, powers and discretions; and (iii) subject to the terms of this
Indenture, authorizes the Notes Collateral Agent to give any authorizations and confirmations to be given by the Notes Collateral Agent (in its capacity as, solely for purposes of the U.K. Security Agreement, security trustee) on behalf of the
Secured Parties under the U.K. Security Agreement. 

(m) The Notes Collateral Agent may accept without inquiry the title (if any)
which any person may have to the Charged Property. 

(n) Each other Secured Party confirms that it does not wish to be registered as
a joint proprietor of any security interest constituted by the U.K. Security Agreement and accordingly authorizes: (a) the Notes Collateral Agent to hold such security interest in its sole name (or in the name of any Delegate), as, solely for
purposes of the U.K. Security Agreement, security trustee for the Secured Parties; and (b) the Land Registry (or other relevant registry) to register the Notes Collateral Agent (or any Delegate or Appointee) as a sole proprietor of such
security interest. 

(o) Except to the extent that a U.K. Security Agreement otherwise requires, any moneys which the Notes
Collateral Agent receives under or pursuant to a U.K. Security Agreement may be: (a) invested in any investments which the Notes Collateral Agent selects and which are authorized by applicable law; or (b) placed on deposit at any bank or
institution (including the Notes Collateral Agent) on terms that the Note Collateral Agent thinks fit, in each case in the name or under the control of the Note Collateral Agent, and the Notes Collateral Agent shall hold those moneys, together with
any accrued income (net of any applicable Tax) to the order of the Holders, and shall pay them to the Holders on demand. 

(p) On a
disposal of any of the Charged Property which is permitted under the Note Documents, the Notes Collateral Agent shall (at the cost of the Obligors) execute any release of the U.K. Security Agreement or other claim over that Charged Property and
issue any certificates of non-crystallisation of floating charges that may be required or take any other action that the Obligors may reasonably request. 

(q) The Notes Collateral Agent shall not be liable for (i) any defect in or failure of the title (if any) which any person may have
to any assets over which security is intended to be created by the U.K. Security Agreement; (ii) any loss resulting from the investment or deposit at any bank of moneys which it invests or deposits in a manner permitted by the U.K. Security
Agreement; (iii) the exercise of, or the failure to exercise, any right, power or discretion given to it by or in connection with any Note Document or any 

-142- 

other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with, any Note Document; or (iv) any shortfall which arises on enforcing the
U.K. Security Agreement. 

(r) The Notes Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to (i) obtain any authorization or
environmental permit in respect of any of the Charged Property or the U.K. Security Agreement; (ii) hold in its own possession the U.K. Security Agreement, title deed or other document relating to the Charged Property or the U.K. Security
Agreement; (iii) perfect, protect, register, make any filing or give any notice in respect of the U.K. Security Agreement (or the order of ranking of the U.K. Security Agreement); or (iv) require any further assurances in relation to the
U.K. Security Agreement. 

(s) In respect of the U.K. Security Agreement, the Notes Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to:
(i) insure, or require any other person to insure, the Charged Property; or (ii) make any enquiry or conduct any investigation into the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of any insurance existing over such
Charged Property. 

(t) In respect of the U.K. Security Agreement, the Notes Collateral Agent shall not have any obligation or duty
to any person for any loss suffered as a result of: (i) the lack or inadequacy of any insurance; or (ii) the failure of the Notes Collateral Agent to notify the insurers of any material fact relating to the risk assumed by them, or of any
other information of any kind, unless the Holders have requested it to do so in writing and the Notes Collateral Agent has failed to do so within fourteen (14) days after receipt of that request. 

(u) Every appointment of a successor Notes Collateral Agent under the U.K. Security Agreement shall be by deed. 

(v) Section 1 of the Trustee Act 2000 (UK) shall not apply to the duty of the Notes Collateral Agent in relation to the trusts
constituted by this Indenture. 

(w) In the case of any conflict between the provisions of this Indenture and those of the Trustee
Act 1925 (UK) or the Trustee Act 2000 (UK), the provisions of this Indenture shall prevail to the extent allowed by law, and shall constitute a restriction or exclusion for the purposes of the Trustee Act 2000 (UK). 

(x) The perpetuity period under the rule against perpetuities if applicable to this Indenture and the U.K. Security Agreement shall be
125 years from the date of this Indenture. 

Section 12.08.Collateral Accounts. The Trustee and the
Notes Collateral Agent are authorized to receive any funds for the benefit of the Holders distributed under, and in accordance with, the Security Documents, and to make further distributions of such funds to the Holders according to the provisions
of this Indenture, the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 

Section 12.09.Resignation of Notes Collateral Agent. The Notes Collateral Agent may resign at any time
by notice to the Trustee and the Issuers, such resignation to be effective upon the acceptance of a successor agent to its appointment as Notes Collateral Agent. If the Notes Collateral Agent resigns under this Indenture, the Issuers shall appoint a
successor collateral agent. If no successor collateral agent is appointed prior to the intended effective date of the resignation of the Notes Collateral Agent (as stated in the notice of resignation), the Trustee, at the direction of the Holders of
a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, may appoint a successor collateral agent, subject to the consent of the Issuers (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld and which shall not be required during a
continuing Event of Default). If no successor collateral agent is appointed and consented to by 

-143- 

the Issuers pursuant to the preceding sentence within thirty (30) days after the intended effective date of resignation (as stated in the notice of resignation) the Notes Collateral Agent
shall be entitled to petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor collateral agent hereunder, such successor collateral agent shall succeed to all the rights, powers and
duties of the retiring Notes Collateral Agent, and the term Notes Collateral Agent shall mean such successor collateral agent, and the retiring Notes Collateral Agents appointment, powers and duties as the Notes Collateral Agent
shall be terminated. After the retiring Notes Collateral Agents resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Section 12.08 shall continue to inure to its benefit and the retiring Notes Collateral Agent shall not by reason of such
resignation be deemed to be released from liability as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Notes Collateral Agent under this Indenture. 

ARTICLE 13 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 13.01.Notices. Any notice or communication by any Issuer, any Guarantor, the Notes Collateral
Agent, any Agent or the Trustee to the others is duly given if in writing in English and by publication on the website or online data system maintained in accordance with Section 4.03 or delivered in person or mailed by first-class mail
(registered or certified, return receipt requested), facsimile, electronic mail or other electronic transmission or overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery, to the others address: 

If to the Issuers and/or any Guarantor: 

MPT Operating Partnership, L.P. 

MPT Finance Corporation 

c/o Medical Properties Trust, Inc. 

1000 Urban Center Drive, Suite 501 Birmingham, AL 35242 

Facsimile: (205) 969-3756

Attention: R. Steven Hamner 

By e-mail: shamner@medicalpropertiestrust.com 

With a copy to: 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice for any purpose under this Indenture): 

Goodwin Procter LLP 

100 Northern Avenue 

Boston, MA 02210 

Facsimile: (617) 523-1231

Attention: James P.C. Barri, Esq. 

By e-mail: jbarri@goodwinlaw.com 

If to the Trustee, Dollar Paying Agent, Dollar Transfer Agent, Dollar Registrar and the Notes Collateral Agent: 

Wilmington Trust, National Association 

Rodney Square North 

1100 N. Market Street 

Wilmington, DE 19890-0001 

Attention: MPT Administrator 

-144- 

Telephone: (302) 636-6398

Facsimile: (302) 636-4145

via email to mwass@wilmingtontrust.com 

If to the Euro Paying Agent, the Euro Registrar, and Euro Transfer Agent: 

U.S. Bank Europe DAC 

Block F1 

Cherrywood Business Park 

Cherrywood 

Dublin 18 

D18 W2X 

Ireland 

Attn: Relationship Management 

Email: CDRM@usbank.com 

Facsimile No: +44 207 365 2577 

Any Issuer, any Guarantor, the Trustee, any Agent or the Notes Collateral Agent, by notice to the others, may designate additional or
different addresses for subsequent notices or communications. 

All notices and communications (other than those sent to Holders) shall be
deemed to have been duly given: at the time delivered by hand, if personally delivered; five calendar days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, if mailed by first-class mail; when receipt is acknowledged, if faxed or sent
electronically; the next Business Day after timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air courier guaranteeing next-day delivery; and on the date sent to DTC or Euroclear or Clearstream, as
applicable, if otherwise given in accordance with the procedures of DTC or Euroclear or Clearstream, as applicable; provided that any notice or communication delivered to the Trustee will be deemed effective upon actual receipt thereof. 

Any notice or communication to a Holder shall be electronically delivered, mailed by first-class mail, certified or registered, return receipt
requested, or by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery to its address shown on the Note Register kept by the applicable Registrar. Failure to deliver a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its
sufficiency with respect to other Holders. 

If a notice or communication is mailed or otherwise delivered in the manner provided above
within the time prescribed, such notice or communication shall be deemed duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it. 

If the
Issuers send a notice or communication to Holders, they shall send a copy to the Trustee, the Notes Collateral Agent and each Agent at the same time. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or any Note, where this Indenture or any Note provides for notice of any event or any
other communication (including any notice of redemption or repurchase) to a holder of a Global Note (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the applicable Depositary (or its designee) pursuant to the
standing instructions from the applicable Depositary or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with accepted practices at the applicable Depositary. 

Each of the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent may accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by
unsecured email, facsimile transmission or other similar 

-145- 

unsecured electronic methods; provided, however, that (a) the party providing such written instructions, subsequent to such transmission of written instructions, shall provide
the originally executed instructions or directions to the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent in a timely manner, and (b) such originally executed instructions or directions shall be signed by an authorized representative of the party
providing such instructions or directions. If the party elects to give the Trustee email or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent in its discretion elects to act upon
such instructions, the Trustees understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. 

Neither the Trustee nor the Notes
Collateral Agent shall be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustees or the Notes Collateral Agents reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions
conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The party providing electronic instructions agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Trustee or the
Notes Collateral Agent, including, without limitation, the risk of the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. 

Section 13.02.[Reserved]. 

Section 13.03.Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent. Upon any request or application by
the Issuers or any of the Guarantors to the Trustee or Notes Collateral Agent to take any action under this Indenture or the Security Documents, the Issuers or such Guarantor, as the case may be, shall furnish to the Trustee or, if such action
relates to a Security Document or the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, the Notes Collateral Agent: 

(a) an Officers
Certificate in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent, as applicable (which shall include the statements set forth in Section 13.04 hereof) stating that, in the opinion of the signer, all conditions precedent
and covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been satisfied; and 

(b) an Opinion of
Counsel in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent, as applicable (which shall include the statements set forth in Section 13.04 hereof) stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions
precedent and covenants have been satisfied; provided that no such Opinion of Counsel shall be delivered in connection with the issuance of the Initial Notes. 

Section 13.04.Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion. Each certificate or opinion with respect
to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture (other than a certificate provided pursuant to Section 4.04 hereof) shall include: 

(a) a statement that the Person making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition; 

(b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in
such certificate or opinion are based; 

(c) a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, he or she has made such examination or
investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with (and, in the case of an Opinion of Counsel, may be limited to reliance on an Officers
Certificate as to matters of fact); and 

-146- 

(d) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such Person, such condition or
covenant has been complied with; provided, however, that with respect to matters of fact an Opinion of Counsel may rely on an Officers Certificate or certificates of public officials. 

Section 13.05.Rules by Trustee and Agents. The Trustee may make reasonable rules for action by or at a
meeting of Holders. The applicable Registrar or applicable Paying Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements for its functions. 

Section 13.06.No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders. No recourse
for the payment of the principal of premiums, if any, or interest on any of the Notes or for any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Issuers or the
Guarantors in the Indenture, the Notes, the Note Guarantees of the Notes, the Security Documents or the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, or because of the creation of any Indebtedness represented thereby, shall be had against any incorporator,
stockholder, officer, director, employee or controlling person of the Issuers or the Guarantors or of any successor Person thereof. Each Holder by accepting the Notes, waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release are part of the
consideration for issuance of the Notes. 

Section 13.07.Governing Law. THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES
AND ANY GUARANTEE OF THE NOTES, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR ANY GUARANTEE OF THE NOTES, WILL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF TO THE EXTENT THE LAW OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE APPLIED THEREBY. 

Section 13.08.Agent for Service of Process. Each Guarantor that is organized outside the United States
irrevocably appoints Opco, with offices at 1000 Urban Center Drive, Birmingham, AL 35242, as its authorized agent upon whom process may be served in any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Indenture, the Notes, the Note
Guarantees and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related thereto and agrees that service of process upon such authorized agent, and written notice of such service to any such Guarantor by the person serving the same to the address
provided in Section 13.01, shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon such Guarantor in any such suit or proceeding. Opco hereby agrees to act as said agent for service of process. 

Section 13.09.Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE ISSUERS, THE GUARANTORS, THE NOTES
COLLATERAL AGENT, THE EURO PAYING AGENT AND THE TRUSTEE (1) AGREES TO SUBMIT TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE COURT LOCATED IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE OR THE NOTES AND (2) HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

Section 13.10.Force Majeure. In no
event shall the Notes Collateral Agent be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Indenture or any Security Document arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its
reasonable control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities,
communications or computer (software or hardware) services or the unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or facsimile or other wire or communication facility. 

-147- 

Section 13.11.No Adverse Interpretation of Other
Agreements. This Indenture may not be used to interpret any other indenture, loan or debt agreement of the Issuers or their Restricted Subsidiaries or of any other Person. Any such indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to interpret
this Indenture. 

Section 13.12.Successors. All agreements of the Issuers in this Indenture and the
Notes shall bind its respective successors. All agreements of the Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successors. All agreements of each Guarantor in this Indenture shall bind its successors, except as otherwise provided in 10.04 hereof. 

Section 13.13.Severability. In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 13.14.First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. Reference is made to the First Lien Intercreditor
Agreement. Each Holder, by its acceptance of a Note, (a) agrees that it will be bound by and will take no actions contrary to the provisions of the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and (b) authorizes and instructs the Trustee and the
Notes Collateral Agent to enter into the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement as Trustee and as Notes Collateral Agent and in any other capacity specified therein, as the case may be, and on behalf of such Holder, including without limitation, making
the representations of the Holders contained therein. 

Section 13.15.Counterpart Originals. The
parties may sign any number of copies of this Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. This Indenture may be executed in multiple counterparts which, when taken together, shall
constitute one instrument. The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmissions shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the
original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 

Section 13.16.Table of Contents, Headings, etc. The Table of Contents, Cross-Reference Table and
headings of the Articles and Sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part of this Indenture and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

Section 13.17.Trust Indenture Act. The Issuers and the Guarantors shall not be required to qualify
this Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act. The Trust Indenture Act shall not apply to this Indenture prior to any such qualification, and all references herein to compliance with the Trust Indenture Act refer to such compliance following any such
qualification. 

Section 13.18.USA PATRIOT Act. In order to comply with the laws, rules,
regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including, without limitation, those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering, including Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT
Act of the United States (Applicable AML Law), the Trustee, Notes Collateral Agent and Agent are required to obtain, verify, record and update certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business
relationship with the Trustee, Notes Collateral Agent and the Agents are required to obtain, verify, record and update certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with the Trustee, Notes Collateral
Agent and the Agents. Accordingly, each of the parties agree to provide to the Trustee, Notes Collateral Agent and the Agents, upon their request from time to time, such identifying information and documentation as may be available for such party in
order to enable the Trustee, Notes Collateral Agent and the Agents to comply with Applicable AML Law. 

-148- 

Section 13.19.Electronic Signatures. The words
execution, signed, signature, and words of similar import in this Indenture and the Notes shall be deemed to include electronic or digital signatures provided by DocuSign, Inc., Orbit, Adobe Sign in English (or
such other digital signature provider or language as specified in writing to the Trustee by Opco), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as manually
executed signatures, physical delivery thereof or a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, and the parties hereto consent to conduct the transactions contemplated hereunder by electronic means to the extent and as provided for under
applicable law, including the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act of 2000 (15 U.S.C. 7001-7006), the Electronic Signatures and Records Act of 1999 (N.Y. State Tech. 
301-309) or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. The Issuers agree to assume all risks arising out of the use of digital signatures and electronic methods to submit
this Indenture or any document to be signed in connection with this Indenture to the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee or the Notes Collateral Agent acting on unauthorized instructions, and
the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. 

Section 13.20.BRRD. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Indenture or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Agent arising under this Indenture or any such other document, to the
extent such liability is unsecured or not otherwise exempted, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of a Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(1) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by a Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising
hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto; and 

(2) the effects of any
Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(A) a reduction in full or in
part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(B) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of
ownership in such party, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Indenture or any other agreement; or 

(C) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the
exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any Resolution Authority. 

[Signatures on following page] 

-149- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of
the date first above written. 

MPT Operating Partnership L.P. 

By: Medical Properties Trust, LLC, Its General Partner

By: Medical Properties Trust, Inc., Its Sole Member

By: 

/s/ R. Steven Hamner

Name: R. Steven Hamner

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

MPT Finance Corporation

By: 

/s/ R. Steven Hamner

Name: R. Steven Hamner

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Medical Properties Trust, Inc.

By: 

/s/ R. Steven Hamner

Name: R. Steven Hamner

Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

MPT Springstone REIT, Inc.

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer

MPT UK Holdings Limited

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Indenture]

MPT UK Property Holdings Limited

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

MPT Median Holdings S..r.l.

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Manager

MPT Harrow Ltd

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

MPT Osborne Ltd

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

MPT Milton Keynes Ltd

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

MPT Hendon Ltd

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Indenture] 

MPT Edgbaston Ltd

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

MPT Droitwich Spa Ltd

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

MPT Dorchester Ltd

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

[Signature Page to
Indenture]

Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, Dollar Paying Agent, Dollar Registrar, Dollar Transfer Agent and Notes Collateral Agent

By: 

/s/ Michael H. Wass

Name: Michael H. Wass

Title: Vice President

U.S. Bank Europe DAC, as Euro Paying Agent, Euro Registrar and Euro Transfer Agent

By: 

/s/ Chris Hobbs

Name: Chris Hobbs

Title: Authorised Signatory

[Signature Page to
Indenture] 

[FORM OF DOLLAR NOTE] 

[FACE OF DOLLAR NOTE] 

[Insert
the Dollar Global Note Legend, if applicable, pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

[Insert the Private Placement Legend, if
applicable, pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

[Insert the Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend, if applicable, pursuant
to the provisions of the Indenture] 

A-1-1 

CUSIP [][] 

ISIN [][] 

[RULE
144A][REGULATION S] [GLOBAL] NOTE 

representing [up to] 

$[] 

8.500% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 

No. [Initially*] [$ ]

MPT Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and MPT Finance Corporation, a Delaware corporation, jointly
and severally promise to pay to [Cede & Co.]* or registered assigns the principal sum [set forth on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note attached hereto] [of 
United States dollars] on February 15, 2032. 

Interest Payment Dates: February 15 and August 15, commencing on August 15, 2025

Record Dates: February 1 and August 1 

Additional provisions of this Dollar Note are set forth on the other side of this Dollar Note. 

* 

Include only if the Dollar Note is issued in global form. 

A-1-2 

IN WITNESS HEREOF, the Issuers have caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: 

MPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP L.P., as Issuer, by its general partner MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST, LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

MPT FINANCE CORPORATION, as Issuer

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-1-3 

This is one of the Dollar Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture:

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Date: 

A-1-4 

[REVERSE OF NOTE] 

8.500% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 

Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated. 

1. Interest.MPT Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (Opco), and MPT Finance
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Finco and, together with Opco, the Issuers), jointly and severally promise to pay interest on the principal amount of this Dollar Note at a rate per annum of 8.500% from
[February 13, 2025]1 until maturity. The Issuers will pay interest on this Dollar Note semiannually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning August 15, 2025,
or, if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day (each, an Interest Payment Date). The Issuers will make each interest payment to the Holder of record of this Dollar Note on the immediately preceding
February 1 and August 1 (whether or not a Business Day) (each, a Record Date). Interest on this Dollar Note will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from and
including [February 13, 2025].2 The Issuers will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal and premium, if any, from time to
time on demand at the rate borne by this Dollar Note; the Issuers shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods)
from time to time on demand at the rate borne by this Dollar Note. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months. 

2. Method of Payment.The Issuers will pay interest on this Dollar Note to the Person who is the registered Holder of this
Dollar Note at the close of business on the Record Date (whether or not a Business Day) next preceding the Interest Payment Date, even if this Dollar Note is cancelled after such Record Date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, except as
provided in Section 2.12 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest. Cash payments of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on this Dollar Note will be payable at the office or agency of the Issuers maintained for such purpose
pursuant to the Indenture or, at the option of the Issuers, cash payment of interest may be made through Paying Agent by check mailed to the Holders at their respective addresses set forth in the Note Register of Holders; provided that
(a) all cash payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect to Dollar Notes represented by Dollar Global Notes registered in the name of or held by DTC or its nominee will be made through the Dollar Paying Agent by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the registered Holder or Holders thereof and (b) all cash payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect to certificated Dollar Notes may, at the option of
the Issuers, be made by wire transfer to a U.S. dollar account maintained by the payee with a bank in the United States of America if such Holder elects payment by wire transfer by giving written notice to the Trustee or Dollar Paying Agent to such
effect designating such account no later than 30 days immediately preceding the relevant due date for payment (or such other date as the Trustee or Dollar Paying Agent may accept in its discretion). Such payment shall be in such coin or currency of
the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 

3. Paying Agent,
Transfer Agent and Registrar.Initially, Wilmington Trust, National Association, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as Dollar Paying Agent, Dollar Transfer Agent and Dollar Registrar. The Issuers may change any Dollar Paying Agent,
Dollar Transfer Agent or Dollar Registrar without prior notice to the Holders. Opco or any of its Subsidiaries may act in any such capacity. 

1 

In the case of Dollar Notes issued on the Issue Date. 

2 

In the case of Dollar Notes issued on the Issue Date. 

A-1-5 

4. Indenture.The Issuers issued the Dollar Notes under an Indenture,
dated as of February 13, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Indenture), among the Issuers, the Guarantors party thereto from time to time, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent.
This Dollar Note is one of a duly authorized issue of notes of the Issuers designated as their 8.500% Senior Secured Notes due 2032. The Issuers shall be entitled to issue Additional Dollar Notes pursuant to Sections 2.01, 4.09 and 4.12 of the
Indenture. The terms of the Dollar Notes include those stated in the Indenture. The Dollar Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such terms. To the extent any provision of this Dollar Note
conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall govern and be controlling. 

5. Optional Redemption. 

(a) Except as set forth in clauses (b), (d) and (e) of this paragraph 5 and in Section 3.10 of the Indenture and clauses (b),
(d) and (f) of Section 3.07 of the Indenture, the Dollar Notes will not be redeemable at the Issuers option prior to February 15, 2028. 

(b) At any time prior to February 15, 2028, the Issuers may, at their option and on one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of
the Dollar Notes, upon notice in accordance with Section 3.03 of the Indenture, at a redemption price equal to the sum of (A) 100.0% of the principal amount of the Dollar Notes being redeemed, plus (B) the Applicable Premium as of the
Redemption Date, plus (C) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the Notes on the relevant Interest Payment
Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date. 

(c) At any time on and after February 15, 2028, the Issuers may, at their
option and on one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of the Dollar Notes, upon notice in accordance with Section 3.03 of the Indenture, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount of the Dollar Notes to be
redeemed) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest
Payment Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date, if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning on February 15 of each of the years indicated below: 

Year Dollar Notes

Redemption Price 

2028 104.250 % 

2029 102.125 % 

2030 and thereafter 100.000 % 

(d) At any time prior to February 15, 2028, the Issuers may, at their option and on one or more
occasions, redeem the aggregate principal amount of Dollar Notes not to exceed the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Issuers from one or more Equity Offerings not otherwise utilized to fund a redemption of Euro Notes (within 180 days of the
consummation of any such Equity Offering), upon notice in accordance with Section 3.03 of the Indenture, at a redemption price equal to (i) 108.500% of the aggregate principal amount of the Dollar Notes being redeemed, plus (ii) accrued
and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of Dollar Notes of record on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the Dollar Notes on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling
prior to or on the Redemption Date; provided that (A) the amount redeemed shall not exceed 

A-1-6 

40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Dollar Notes issued under the Indenture (including any Additional Dollar Notes); (B) at least 50% of the aggregate principal amount of Dollar Notes
originally issued under the Indenture on the Issue Date remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of each such redemption; and (C) each such redemption occurs within 180 days of the date of closing of the applicable Equity Offering.

(e) At any time, in connection with any tender offer for the Dollar Notes, including a Change of Control Offer, if Holders of not
less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Dollar Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Dollar Notes in such tender offer and the Issuers, or any third party making such tender offer in lieu of the Issuers, purchases all
of the Dollar Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuers will have the right upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 10 days following such purchase date, to redeem all Dollar
Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price equal to the price paid to each other Holder in such tender offer plus, to the extent not included in the tender offer payment, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon,
to, but excluding, the date of such redemption. 

(f) Any redemption pursuant to this paragraph (5) shall be made pursuant to
the provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 of the Indenture. 

6. Mandatory Redemption.The Issuers shall not be
required to make any mandatory redemption or sinking fund payment with respect to the Dollar Notes. 

7. Notice of
Redemption. Subject to Section 3.03 of the Indenture, notice of any optional redemption of any Dollar Notes will be given to Holders (with a copy to the Trustee and Dollar Paying Agent) at their addresses, as shown in the Notes register,
not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to the date fixed for redemption; provided that the notice of redemption may be given more than 60 days prior to a Redemption Date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the
Dollar Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture as to the Dollar Notes. The notice of redemption will specify, among other items, the redemption price and the principal amount of the Dollar Notes held by the Holder to be redeemed and
the conditions precedent, if any, to the redemption. No Notes of $2,000 or less shall be redeemed in part. On and after the Redemption Date, subject to any applicable conditions precedent, interest ceases to accrue on Dollar Notes or portions
thereof called for redemption subject to Section 3.04 of the Indenture. 

8. Offers to Repurchase.Upon the
occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, unless the Issuers have previously or concurrently sent a redemption notice with respect to all the outstanding Dollar Notes as described under Section 3.07 of the Indenture, the Issuers shall
make a Change of Control Offer in accordance with Section 4.14 of the Indenture. In connection with certain Asset Sales, the Issuers will make an Asset Sale Offer as and when provided in accordance with Sections 3.08 and 4.10 of the Indenture.

9. Denominations, Transfer, Exchange.The Dollar Notes are in registered form without coupons in minimum
denominations of $2,000 and any integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. The transfer of Dollar Notes shall be registered and Dollar Notes may only be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Dollar Registrar and the Trustee may require a
Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, and the Issuers may require a Holder to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Issuers and the Dollar Transfer Agent need not
exchange or register the transfer of any Dollar Note or portion of a Dollar Note selected for redemption, except for the unredeemed portion of any Dollar Note being redeemed in part; provided that new Dollar Notes will only be issued in
minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. Also, the Issuers and the Dollar Transfer Agent need not exchange or register the transfer of any Dollar Notes for a period of 15 days before the mailing of a notice
of redemption of Dollar Notes to be redeemed. 

A-1-7 

10. Persons Deemed Owners.The registered Holder of a Dollar Note shall
be treated as its owner for all purposes. Only registered Holders shall have rights hereunder. 

11. Amendment, Supplement and
Waiver.The Indenture, the Note Guarantees, the Dollar Notes or the Security Documents may be amended or supplemented as provided in the Indenture. 

12. Defaults and Remedies. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to the Dollar Notes (other than as
specified in clauses (viii) and (ix) of Section 6.01 that occurs with respect to an Issuer), the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the then outstanding Dollar Notes may declare the principal of, premium, if any,
and accrued interest on the Dollar Notes to be due and payable immediately in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.02. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Event of Default arising from clause (viii) or (ix) of
Section 6.01(a), with respect to an Issuer, all outstanding Dollar Notes will become due and payable without further action or notice. Holders of the Dollar Notes may not enforce the Indenture, the Dollar Notes or the Note Guarantees of the
Dollar Notes except as provided in the Indenture. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Dollar Notes may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold
from Holders of the Dollar Notes notice of any continuing Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest in accordance with Section 7.05. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Dollar Notes then
outstanding by notice to the Trustee may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Dollar Notes waive any existing Default and its consequences under the Indenture except a Default in the payment of principal of, or interest on, any Dollar Note as
specified in clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 6.01. 

13. Note Guarantees.The Issuers obligations under
the Dollar Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by the Guarantors. 

14. Authentication.This Dollar Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose until authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee. 

15. Governing Law.THIS DOLLAR NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS DOLLAR NOTE,
WILL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF TO THE EXTENT THE LAW OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE APPLIED THEREBY. 

16. CUSIP Numbers and ISINs.Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification
Procedures, the Issuers have caused CUSIP numbers and ISINs to be printed on the Dollar Notes and the Trustee may use CUSIP numbers and ISINs in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such
numbers either as printed on the Dollar Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption, and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. 

17. Security. The Dollar Notes and the related Note Guarantees will be secured by the Collateral on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Indenture and the Security Documents. The Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent, as the case may be, hold the Collateral in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Dollar Notes, in each case pursuant to the Security
Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. Each Holder, by accepting this Dollar Note, consents and agrees to the terms of the Security Documents (including the provisions providing for the foreclosure and release

A-1-8 

of Collateral) and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, each as may be in effect or may be amended from time to time in accordance with their terms and the Indenture, and authorizes and
directs the Notes Collateral Agent to enter into the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement on the Issue Date, and the Security Documents at any time after the Issue Date, if applicable, and to perform its obligations and
exercise its rights thereunder in accordance therewith. 

The Issuers will furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge a
copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to the Issuers at the following address: 

MPT Operating Partnership, L.P. 

MPT Finance Corporation 

c/o Medical Properties Trust, Inc. 

1000 Urban Center Drive, Suite 501 Birmingham, AL 35242 

Facsimile: (205) 969-3756

Attention: R. Steven Hamner 

By e-mail:shamner@medicalpropertiestrust.com

With a copy to: 

Goodwin Procter LLP 

100 Northern Avenue 

Boston, MA 02210 

Facsimile: (617) 523-1231

Attention: James P.C. Barri, Esq. 

By e-mail: jbarri@goodwinlaw.com 

A-1-9 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Dollar Note, fill in the form below: 

(I) or (we) assign and transfer this Dollar Note to: 

(Insert assignees legal name)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.)

(Print or type assignees name, address and ZIP code)

and irrevocably appoint
to transfer this Dollar Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him. 

Date:

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Dollar Note)

Signature Guarantee*:

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

A-1-10 

OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE 

If you want to elect to have this Dollar Note purchased by the Issuers pursuant to Section 4.10 or 4.14 of the Indenture, check the
appropriate box below: 

[ ] Section 4.10 [ ]
Section 4.14 

If you want to elect to have only part of this Dollar Note purchased by the Issuers pursuant to Section 4.10 or
Section 4.14 of the Indenture, state the amount you elect to have purchased: 

$

Date: 

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Dollar Note)

Tax Identification No.: 

Signature Guarantee*: 

* 

Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to
the Trustee). 

A-1-11 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE DOLLAR GLOBAL NOTE* 

The initial outstanding principal amount of this Dollar Global Note is $. The
following exchanges of a part of this Dollar Global Note for an interest in another Dollar Global Note or for a Dollar Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part of another Dollar Global Note or Dollar Definitive Note for an interest in this Dollar
Global Note, have been made: 

Date of Exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

Principal Amount

of this
Dollar

Global Note 

Amount of

increase in

Principal Amount

of this
Dollar

Global Note 

Principal Amount

of this Dollar

Global Note

following such

decrease or

increase 

Signature of

authorized

signatory of

Trustee
or

Custodian

* This schedule should be included only if the Dollar Note is issued in global form. 

A-1-12 

EXHIBIT A-2

[FORM OF EURO NOTE] 

[FACE OF
EURO NOTE] 

[Insert the Euro Global Note Legend, if applicable, pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

[Insert the Private Placement Legend, if applicable, pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

[Insert the Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend, if applicable, pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture] 

A-2-1 

COMMON CODE [][] 

ISIN [][] 

[RULE 144A][REGULATION S] [GLOBAL] NOTE 

representing [up to] 

[] 

7.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 

No. [Initially*] []

MPT Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and MPT Finance Corporation, a Delaware corporation, jointly
and severally promise to pay to [Insert name of nominee of Common Depositary]* or registered assigns the principal sum [set forth on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Euro Global Note attached hereto] [of
euros] on February 15, 2032. 

Interest Payment Dates: February 15 and August 15, commencing on August 15, 2025

Record Dates: February 1 and August 1

Additional provisions of this Euro Note are set forth on the other side of this Euro Note. 

* 

Include only if the Euro Note is issued in global form. 

A-2-2 

IN WITNESS HEREOF, the Issuers have caused this instrument to be duly executed. 

Dated: 

MPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP L.P., as Issuer, by its general partner MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST, LLC

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

MPT FINANCE CORPORATION, as Issuer

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-2-3 

This is one of the Euro Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture:

U.S BANK EUROPE DAC, as Authentication Agent

By: 

Authorized Signatory

Date: 

A-2-4 

[REVERSE OF NOTE] 

7.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 

Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated. 

1. Interest. MPT Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (Opco), and MPT Finance
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Finco and, together with Opco, the Issuers), jointly and severally promise to pay interest on the principal amount of this Euro Note at a rate per annum of 7.000% from
[February 13, 2025]3 until maturity. The Issuers will pay interest on this Euro Note semiannually in arrears on February 15 and August 15 of each year, beginning August 15, 2025,
or, if any such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day (each, an Interest Payment Date). The Issuers will make each interest payment to the Holder of record of this Euro Note on the immediately preceding
February 1 and August 1 (whether or not a Business Day) (each, a Record Date). Interest on this Euro Note will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from and
including [February 13, 2025].4 The Issuers will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal and premium, if any, from time to
time on demand at the rate borne by this Euro Note; the Issuers shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods)
from time to time on demand at the rate borne by this Euro Note. Interest will be computed on the basis of the ACTUAL/ACTUAL (ICMA) payment convention as defined in the rulebook of the International Capital Market Association. 

2. Method of Payment. The Issuers will pay interest on this Euro Note to the Person who is the registered Holder of this Euro
Note at the close of business on the Record Date (whether or not a Business Day) next preceding the Interest Payment Date, even if this Euro Note is cancelled after such Record Date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, except as provided in
Section 2.12 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest. Cash payments of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on this Euro Note will be payable at the office or agency of the Issuers maintained for such purpose pursuant to the
Indenture or, at the option of the Issuers, cash payment of interest may be made through the Paying Agent by check mailed to the Holders at their respective addresses set forth in the Note Register of Holders; provided that (a) all cash
payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect to Euro Notes represented by Euro Global Notes shall be made in accordance with the Euro Depositarys Applicable Procedures and (b) all cash payments of principal, premium,
if any, and interest with respect to certificated Euro Notes may, at the option of the Issuers, be made by wire transfer to a Euro account maintained by the payee with a bank in the United States of America if such Holder elects payment by wire
transfer by giving written notice to the Euro Paying Agent to such effect designating such account no later than 30 days immediately preceding the relevant due date for payment (or such other date as the Euro Paying Agent may accept in its
discretion). Such payment shall be in Euro. 

If on or after the date of the Indenture, the Euro is unavailable to the Issuers due to the
imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond their control or if the Euro is no longer being used by the then member states of the EMU that have adopted the Euro as their currency or for the settlement of transactions by public
institutions within the international banking community, then all payments in respect of the Euro Notes will be made in U.S. dollars until the Euro is again available to the Issuers or so used. The amount payable on any date in euros will be
converted into U.S. dollars at the rate mandated 

3 

In the case of Euro Notes issued on the Issue Date. 

4 

In the case of Euro Notes issued on the Issue Date.

A-2-5 

by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board as of the close of business on the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date or, in the event the U.S. Federal Reserve Board has not mandated a rate
of conversion, on the basis of the most recent euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate available on or prior to the second Business Day prior to the relevant payment date, as determined by the Issuers in their sole discretion. 

3. Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar. Initially, U.S. Bank Europe DAC will act as the Euro Paying Agent, the Euro
Transfer Agent and the Euro Registrar. The Issuers may change any Euro Paying Agent, Euro Transfer Agent or Euro Registrar without prior notice to the Holders. Opco or any of its Subsidiaries may act in any such capacity. 

4. Indenture. The Issuers issued the Euro Notes under an Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2025 (as amended, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time, the Indenture), among the Issuers, the Guarantors party thereto from time to time, the Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent. This Euro Note is one of a duly authorized issue of notes of
the Issuers designated as their 7.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2032. The Issuers shall be entitled to issue Additional Euro Notes pursuant to Sections 2.01, 4.09 and 4.12 of the Indenture. The terms of the Euro Notes include those stated in the
Indenture. The Euro Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture for a statement of such terms. To the extent any provision of this Euro Note conflicts with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of
the Indenture shall govern and be controlling. 

5. Optional Redemption. 

(a) Except as set forth in clauses (b), (d) and (e) of this Section 5 and in Section 3.10 of the Indenture and in clauses
(b), (d) and (f) of Section 3.07 of the Indenture, the Euro Notes will not be redeemable at the Issuers option prior to February 15, 2028. 

(b) At any time prior to February 15, 2028, the Issuers may, at their option and on one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of
the Euro Notes, upon notice in accordance with Section 3.03 of the Indenture, at a redemption price equal to the sum of (A) 100.0% of the principal amount of the Euro Notes being redeemed, plus (B) the Applicable Premium as of the
Redemption Date, plus (C) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the Euro Notes on the relevant Interest
Payment Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date. 

(c) At any time on and after February 15, 2028, the Issuers may, at
their option and on one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of the Euro Notes, upon notice in accordance with Section 3.03 of the Indenture, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of principal amount of the Euro Notes to be
redeemed) set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest
Payment Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date, if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning on February 15 of each of the years indicated below: 

Year Euro Notes

Redemption Price 

2028 103.500 % 

2029 101.750 % 

2030 and thereafter 100.000 % 

A-2-6 

(d) At any time prior to February 15, 2028, the Issuers may, at their option and
on one or more occasions, redeem the aggregate principal amount of Euro Notes not to exceed the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Issuers from one or more Equity Offerings not otherwise utilized to fund a redemption of Dollar Notes (within 180 days
of the consummation of any such Equity Offering), upon notice in accordance with Section 3.03 of the Indenture, at a redemption price equal to (i) 107.000% of the aggregate principal amount of the Euro Notes being redeemed, plus
(ii) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of Euro Notes of record on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the Euro Notes on the relevant Interest Payment
Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date; provided that (A) the amount redeemed shall not exceed 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the Euro Notes issued under the Indenture (including any Additional Euro Notes), (B) at
least 50% of the aggregate principal amount of Euro Notes originally issued under the Indenture on the Issue Date remains outstanding immediately after the occurrence of each such redemption and (C) each such redemption occurs within 180 days
of the date of closing of the applicable Equity Offering. 

(e) At any time, in connection with any tender offer for the Euro Notes,
including a Change of Control Offer, if Holders of not less than 90% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Euro Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Euro Notes in such tender offer and the Issuers, or any third party making such
tender offer in lieu of the Issuers, purchases all of the Euro Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuers will have the right upon not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice, given not more than 10 days
following such purchase date, to redeem all Euro Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price equal to the price paid to each other Holder in such tender offer plus, to the extent not included in the tender offer
payment, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, to, but excluding, the date of such redemption. 

(f) Any redemption pursuant
to this paragraph (5) shall be made pursuant to the provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 of the Indenture. 

6. Mandatory
Redemption. The Issuers shall not be required to make any mandatory redemption or sinking fund payment with respect to the Euro Notes. 

7. Redemption for Changes in Taxes. The Issuers may redeem the Euro Notes, in whole but not in part, at their discretion at any
time upon giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior notice to the holders of the Euro Notes (which notice will be given in accordance with Section 3.03), at a redemption price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount
thereof, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date fixed by the Issuers for redemption (a Tax Redemption Date) and all Additional Amounts, if any, then due and which will become due on the Tax
Redemption Date as a result of the redemption or otherwise (subject to the right of holders of the Euro Notes on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date and Additional Amounts (if any) in respect
thereof), if on the next date on which any amount would be payable in respect of the Euro Notes or any Note Guarantee of the Euro Notes, the Issuers or the relevant Guarantor is or would be required to pay Additional Amounts (but in the case of the
relevant Guarantor, only if such amount payable cannot be paid by the Issuers or another Guarantor, if any, who can pay such amount, without the obligation to pay Additional Amounts), and the Issuers or the relevant Guarantor cannot avoid any such
payment obligation by taking reasonable measures available to it, including by making payment through a different paying agent (provided that changing the jurisdiction of organization of either Issuer or any Guarantor shall be deemed not to be a
reasonable measure), and the requirement arises as a result of: 

(a) any amendment to, or change in, the laws,
treaties or any regulations, rulings or other official guidance promulgated thereunder of a relevant Tax Jurisdiction which change or 

A-2-7 

amendment is publicly and formally proposed and becomes effective on or after the date of the Offering Memorandum (or, if the applicable Tax Jurisdiction became a Tax Jurisdiction on a date after
the date of the Offering Memorandum, such later date); or 

(b) any amendment to, or change in, an official written
interpretation or application of such laws, treaties, regulations, rulings or other official guidance (including by virtue of a holding, judgment, order by a court of competent jurisdiction or a change in published administrative practice) which
amendment or change is publicly and formally proposed and becomes effective on or after the date of the Offering Memorandum (or, if the applicable Tax Jurisdiction became a Tax Jurisdiction on a date after the date of the Offering Memorandum, such
later date). 

The foregoing provisions shall apply (a) to a Guarantor only after such time as such Guarantor is obligated to make at
least one payment on the Euro Notes and (b) mutatis mutandis with respect to any successor Person, after such successor Person becomes a party to the Indenture, with respect to a change or amendments occurring after the time such successor
Person becomes a party to the Indenture. 

The Issuers will not give any such notice of redemption earlier than 60 days prior to the
earliest date on which an Issuer or a relevant Guarantor would be obligated to make such payment or withholding if a payment in respect of the Euro Notes were then due, and the obligation to pay Additional Amounts must be in effect at the time such
notice is given. Prior to the giving of any notice of redemption of the Euro Notes pursuant to the foregoing, the Issuers will deliver to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel of recognized standing in the relevant Tax Jurisdiction attesting to such
change in tax law or change in interpretation of tax law and an Officers Certificate attesting to an obligation to pay Additional Amounts and that the obligation to pay Additional Amounts could not be avoided by taking reasonable measures
available to them (provided that changing the jurisdiction of organization of either Issuer or any Guarantor shall be deemed not to be a reasonable measure). 

The Trustee will accept and shall be entitled to rely on such Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel reasonably agreed upon as
sufficient evidence of the existence and satisfaction of the conditions precedent as described above, in which event it will be conclusive and binding on the holders of the Euro Notes. 

8. Notice of Redemption. Subject to Section 3.03 of the Indenture, notice of any optional redemption of any Euro Notes will
be given to Holders (with a copy to the Trustee and Euro Paying Agent) at their addresses, as shown in the Notes register, not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to the date fixed for redemption; provided that the notice of redemption
may be given more than 60 days prior to a Redemption Date if the notice is issued in connection with a defeasance of the Euro Notes or a satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture as to the Euro Notes. The notice of redemption will specify, among
other items, the redemption price and the principal amount of the Euro Notes held by the Holder to be redeemed and the conditions precedent, if any, to the redemption. No Notes of 100,000 or less shall be redeemed in part. On and after the
Redemption Date, subject to any applicable conditions precedent, interest ceases to accrue on Euro Notes or portions thereof called for redemption subject to Section 3.04 of the Indenture. 

9. Offers to Repurchase. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, unless the Issuers have previously or
concurrently sent a redemption notice with respect to all the outstanding Euro Notes as described under Section 3.07 of the Indenture, the Issuers shall make a Change of Control Offer in accordance with Section 4.14 of the Indenture. In
connection with certain Asset Sales, the Issuers will make an Asset Sale Offer as and when provided in accordance with Sections 3.08 and 4.10 of the Indenture. 

A-2-8 

10. Denominations, Transfer, Exchange.The Euro Notes are in registered
form without coupons in minimum denominations of 100,000 and any integral multiple of 1,000 in excess thereof. The transfer of Euro Notes shall be registered and Euro Notes may only be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. The Euro
Registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents, and the Issuers may require a Holder to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by the Indenture. The Issuers
and the Euro Transfer Agent need not exchange or register the transfer of any Euro Note or portion of a Euro Note selected for redemption, except for the unredeemed portion of any Euro Note being redeemed in part; provided that new Euro Notes
will only be issued in minimum denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof. Also, the Issuers and the Euro Transfer Agent need not exchange or register the transfer of any Euro Notes for a period of 15 days
before the mailing of a notice of redemption of Euro Notes to be redeemed. 

11. Persons Deemed Owners.The registered
Holder of a Euro Note shall be treated as its owner for all purposes. Only registered Holders shall have rights hereunder. 

12. Amendment, Supplement and Waiver.The Indenture, the Note Guarantees, the Euro Notes or the Security Documents may be
amended or supplemented as provided in the Indenture. 

13. Defaults and Remedies. If an Event of Default occurs and is
continuing with respect to the Euro Notes (other than as specified in clauses (viii) and (ix) of Section 6.01 that occurs with respect to an Issuer), the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the then outstanding
Euro Notes may declare the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued interest on the Euro Notes to be due and payable immediately in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.02. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Event of
Default arising from clause (viii) or (ix) of Section 6.01(a), with respect to an Issuer, all outstanding Euro Notes will become due and payable without further action or notice. Holders of the Euro Notes may not enforce the Indenture, the
Euro Notes or the Note Guarantees of the Euro Notes except as provided in the Indenture. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Euro Notes may direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust
or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of the Euro Notes notice of any continuing Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest in accordance with Section 7.05. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal
amount of the Euro Notes then outstanding by notice to the Trustee may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Euro Notes waive any existing Default and its consequences under the Indenture except a Default in the payment of principal of, or interest
on, any Euro Note as specified in clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 6.01. 

14. Note Guarantees.The
Issuers obligations under the Euro Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by the Guarantors. 

15. Authentication.This Euro Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for
any purpose until authenticated by the manual signature of the Trustee or an Authentication Agent. 

16. Governing Law.THIS EURO NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS EURO NOTE, WILL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

17. Common Code Numbers and ISINs.The Issuers have caused Common Code numbers and ISINs to be printed on the Euro Notes
and the Trustee may use Common Code numbers and ISINs in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers either as printed on the Euro Notes or as contained in any notice of redemption,
and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers placed thereon. 

A-2-9 

18. Security. The Euro Notes and the related Note Guarantees will be secured by
the Collateral on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture and the Security Documents. The Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent, as the case may be, hold the Collateral in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Euro
Notes, in each case pursuant to the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. Each Holder, by accepting this Euro Note, consents and agrees to the terms of the Security Documents (including the provisions providing for the
foreclosure and release of Collateral) and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, each as may be in effect or may be amended from time to time in accordance with their terms and the Indenture, and authorizes and directs the Notes Collateral Agent
to enter into the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement on the Issue Date, and the Security Documents at any time after the Issue Date, if applicable, and to perform its obligations and exercise its rights thereunder in
accordance therewith. 

The Issuers will furnish to any Holder upon written request and without charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests
may be made to the Issuers at the following address: 

MPT Operating Partnership, L.P. 

MPT Finance Corporation 

c/o Medical Properties Trust, Inc. 

1000 Urban Center Drive, Suite 501 Birmingham, AL 35242 

Facsimile: (205) 969-3756

Attention: R. Steven Hamner 

By e-mail: shamner@medicalpropertiestrust.com 

With a copy to: 

Goodwin Procter LLP 

100 Northern Avenue 

Boston, MA 02210 

Facsimile: (617) 523-1231

Attention: James P.C. Barri, Esq. 

By e-mail: jbarri@goodwinlaw.com 

A-2-10 

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

To assign this Euro Note, fill in the form below: 

(I) or (we) assign and transfer this Euro Note to: 

(Insert assignees legal name)

(Insert assignees soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.)

(Print or type assignees name, address and ZIP code)

and irrevocably appoint
to transfer this Euro Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him. 

Date:

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Euro Note)

Signature Guarantee*: 

* Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee). 

A-2-11 

OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE 

If you want to elect to have this Euro Note purchased by the Issuers pursuant to Section 4.10 or 4.14 of the Indenture, check the
appropriate box below: 

[ ]
Section 4.10 [ ] Section 4.14 

If you
want to elect to have only part of this Euro Note purchased by the Issuers pursuant to Section 4.10 or Section 4.14 of the Indenture, state the amount you elect to have purchased: 

$

Date: 

Your Signature: 

(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this Euro Note)

Tax Identification No.: 

Signature Guarantee*: 

* Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee). 

A-2-12 

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE EURO GLOBAL NOTE* 

The initial outstanding principal amount of this Euro Global Note is . The
following exchanges of a part of this Euro Global Note for an interest in another Euro Global Note or for a Euro Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part of another Euro Global Note or Euro Definitive Note for an interest in this Euro Global Note,
have been made: 

Date of

Exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

Principal Amount

of
this Euro

Global Note 

Amount of

increase in

Principal Amount

of this Euro

Global Note 

Principal

Amount of this

Euro
Global

Note following

such decrease or

increase 

Signature of

authorized

signatory of

Trustee
or

Custodian

* This schedule should be included only if the Euro Note is issued in global form. 

A-2-13 

EXHIBIT B-1

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER] 

Wilmington
Trust, National Association, as Dollar Registrar 

Rodney Square North 

1100 N. Market Street, 

Wilmington, DE 19890-0001 

Attention: MPT Administrator 

Re: 8.500%
Senior Secured Notes due 2032 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, the Indenture), among MPT Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (Opco), MPT Finance Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Finco and,
together with Opco, the Issuers), the Guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them
in the Indenture. 

(the Transferor) owns and proposes to
transfer the Dollar Note[s] or interest in such Dollar Note[s] specified in Annex A hereto, in the principal amount of $ in such Dollar Note[s] or interests (the
Transfer), to (the Transferee), as further specified in Annex A hereto. In connection with the Transfer, the Transferor hereby certifies
that: 

[CHECK ALL THAT APPLY] 

1. [ ] CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE RELEVANT 144A GLOBAL NOTE OR RELEVANT DOLLAR
DEFINITIVE NOTE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144A under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and, accordingly, the Transferor
hereby further certifies that the beneficial interest or Dollar Definitive Note is being transferred to a Person that the Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the beneficial interest or Dollar Definitive Note for its own account, or for one
or more accounts with respect to which such Person exercises sole investment discretion, and such Person and each such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A, in a transaction meeting the requirements
of Rule 144A and such Transfer is in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

2. [ ] CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE RELEVANT REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE OR RELEVANT DOLLAR
DEFINITIVE NOTE PURSUANT TO REGULATION S. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that (i) the Transfer is not
being made to a person in the United States and (x) at the time the buy order was originated, the Transferee was outside the United States or such Transferor and any Person acting on its behalf reasonably believed and believes that the
Transferee was outside the United States or (y) the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market, and neither such Transferor nor any Person acting on its behalf knows that the transaction
was prearranged with a buyer in the United States, (ii) no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(b) or Rule 904(b) of Regulation S, (iii) the

B-1-1 

transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act and (iv) if the proposed transfer is being made prior to the expiration of the
applicable Restricted Period, the transfer is not being made to a U.S. Person or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person (other than an Initial Purchaser). Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture,
the transferred beneficial interest or Dollar Definitive Note will be subject to the restrictions on Transfer enumerated in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

3. [ ] CHECK AND COMPLETE IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE RELEVANT DOLLAR DEFINITIVE NOTE
PURSUANT TO ANY PROVISION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OTHER THAN RULE 144A OR REGULATION S. The Transfer is being effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to beneficial interests in Dollar Restricted Global Notes and Dollar
Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States, and accordingly the Transferor hereby further certifies that (check one): 

(a) [ ] such Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act; or

(b) [ ] such Transfer is being effected to Parent, Opco, Finco or a subsidiary thereof; or 

(c) [ ] such Transfer is being effected pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act
and in compliance with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. 

4. [ ] CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE
DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A DOLLAR UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE OR OF A DOLLAR UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. 

(a) [ ] CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO RULE 144. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance
with Rule 144 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in
the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or
Dollar Definitive Note will no longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Dollar Global Notes, on Dollar Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture. 

(b) [ ] CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S. (i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on
transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred
beneficial interest or Dollar Definitive Note will no longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Dollar Restricted Global Notes, on Dollar Restricted Definitive Notes and in the
Indenture. 

B-1-2 

(c) [ ] CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO OTHER EXEMPTION.
(i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in compliance with an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 144, Rule 903 or Rule 904 and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in
the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with
the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Dollar Definitive Note will not be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private
Placement Legend printed on the Dollar Restricted Global Notes or Dollar Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture. 

B-1-3 

This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the
benefit of the Issuers. 

[Insert Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: 

B-1-4 

ANNEX A TO CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER 

1. The Transferor owns and proposes to transfer the following: 

[CHECK ONE OF (a) OR (b)] 

(a) [ ] a beneficial interest in the: 

(i) [ ] 144A Dollar Global Note (CUSIP: 55342U AQ7; ISIN: US55342UAQ76), or 

(ii) [ ] Regulation S Dollar Global Note (CUSIP: U62024 AA9; ISIN: USU62024AA94), or 

(b) [ ] a Dollar Restricted Definitive Note. 

2. After the Transfer, the Transferee will hold: [CHECK ONE] 

(a) [ ] a beneficial interest in the: 

(i) [ ] 144A Dollar Global Note (CUSIP: 55342U AQ7; ISIN: US55342UAQ76), or 

(ii) [ ] Regulation S Dollar Global Note (CUSIP: U62024 AA9; ISIN: USU62024AA94), or 

(iii) [ ] Dollar Unrestricted Global Note (CUSIP: []; ISIN: []), or 

(b) [ ] a Dollar Restricted Definitive Note; or 

(c) [ ] a Dollar Unrestricted Definitive Note, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. 

B-1-5 

EXHIBIT B-2

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER] 

U.S. Bank
Europe DAC, as Euro Registrar 

Block F1 

Cherrywood Business
Park 

Cherrywood 

Dublin 18 

D18 W2X 

Ireland 

Re: 7.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the Indenture), among MPT Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (Opco), MPT Finance Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Finco and, together with Opco, the
Issuers), the Guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 

(the Transferor) owns and proposes to transfer the Euro Note[s] or interest in
such Euro Note[s] specified in Annex A hereto, in the principal amount of in such Euro Note[s] or interests (the Transfer), to
(the Transferee), as further specified in Annex A hereto. In connection with the Transfer, the Transferor hereby certifies that: 

[CHECK ALL THAT APPLY] 

1. [ ] CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE RELEVANT 144A GLOBAL NOTE OR RELEVANT EURO DEFINITIVE NOTE
PURSUANT TO RULE 144A. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144A under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further
certifies that the beneficial interest or Euro Definitive Note is being transferred to a Person that the Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the beneficial interest or Euro Definitive Note for its own account, or for one or more accounts
with respect to which such Person exercises sole investment discretion, and such Person and each such account is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and
such Transfer is in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

2. [ ] CHECK IF
TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE RELEVANT REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE OR RELEVANT EURO DEFINITIVE NOTE PURSUANT TO REGULATION S. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under
the Securities Act and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that (i) the Transfer is not being made to a person in the United States and (x) at the time the buy order was originated, the Transferee was outside the United
States or such Transferor and any Person acting on its behalf reasonably believed and believes that the Transferee was outside the United 

B-2-1 

States or (y) the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities, of a designated offshore securities market, and neither such Transferor nor any Person acting on its behalf knows
that the transaction was prearranged with a buyer in the United States, (ii) no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(b) or Rule 904(b) of Regulation S, (iii) the transaction is not part
of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act and (iv) if the proposed transfer is being made prior to the expiration of the applicable Restricted Period, the transfer is not being made to a U.S. Person or for
the account or benefit of a U.S. Person (other than an Initial Purchaser). Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Euro Definitive Note will be subject to the
restrictions on Transfer enumerated in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

3. [ ] CHECK AND COMPLETE IF TRANSFEREE WILL
TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE RELEVANT EURO DEFINITIVE NOTE PURSUANT TO ANY PROVISION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OTHER THAN RULE 144A OR REGULATION S. The Transfer is being effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable
to beneficial interests in Euro Restricted Global Notes and Euro Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States, and accordingly the
Transferor hereby further certifies that (check one): 

(a) [ ] such Transfer is being effected pursuant to and
in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act; or 

(b) [ ] such Transfer is being effected to Parent,
Opco, Finco or a subsidiary thereof; or 

(c) [ ] such Transfer is being effected pursuant to an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act and in compliance with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. 

4. [ ] CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A EURO UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE OR OF A EURO
UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. 

(a) [ ] CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO RULE 144. (i) The Transfer is being
effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the
restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture,
the transferred beneficial interest or Euro Definitive Note will no longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Euro Global Notes, on Euro Restricted Definitive Notes and in
the Indenture. 

(b) [ ] CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S. (i) The Transfer is being effected
pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and
(ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of
the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Euro Definitive Note will no longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Euro Restricted Global Notes, on Euro Restricted
Definitive Notes and in the Indenture. 

B-2-2 

(c) [ ] CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO OTHER EXEMPTION.
(i) The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in compliance with an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 144, Rule 903 or Rule 904 and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained in
the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with
the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Euro Definitive Note will not be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private
Placement Legend printed on the Euro Restricted Global Notes or Euro Restricted Definitive Notes and in the Indenture. 

B-2-3 

This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the
benefit of the Issuers. 

[Insert Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: 

B-2-4 

ANNEX A TO CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER 

1. The Transferor owns and proposes to transfer the following: 

[CHECK ONE OF (a) OR (b)] 

(a) [ ] a beneficial interest in the: 

(i) [ ] 144A Euro Global Note (Common Code: 299715019; ISIN: XS2997150193), or 

(ii) [ ] Regulation S Euro Global Note (Common Code: 299715949; ISIN: XS2997159491), or 

(b) [ ] a Euro Restricted Definitive Note. 

2. After the Transfer, the Transferee will hold: [CHECK ONE] 

(a) [ ] a beneficial interest in the: 

(i) [ ] 144A Euro Global Note (Common Code: 299715019; ISIN: XS2997150193), or 

(ii) [ ] Regulation S Euro Global Note (Common Code: 299715949; ISIN: XS2997159491), or 

(iii) [ ] Euro Unrestricted Global Note (Common Code: []; ISIN: []), or 

(b) [ ] a Euro Restricted Definitive Note; or 

(c) [ ] a Euro Unrestricted Definitive Note, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. 

B-2-5 

EXHIBIT C-1

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE] 

Wilmington
Trust, National Association, as Dollar Registrar 

Rodney Square North, 

1100 N. Market Street 

Wilmington, DE 19890-0001 

Attention: MPT Administrator 

Re: 8.500%
Senior Secured Notes due 2032 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time, the Indenture), among MPT Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (Opco), MPT Finance Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Finco and,
together with Opco, the Issuers), the Guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them
in the Indenture. 

(the Owner) owns and proposes to exchange Dollar Note[s]
or an interest in such Dollar Note[s], in the principal amount of $ in such Dollar Note[s] or interests (the Exchange). In connection with the Exchange, the Owner hereby
certifies that: 

1. EXCHANGE OF RESTRICTED DOLLAR DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN A DOLLAR RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE FOR
DOLLAR UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN A DOLLAR UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. 

(a) [ ] CHECK IF
EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A DOLLAR RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A DOLLAR UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Dollar Restricted Global Note for a
beneficial interest in a Dollar Unrestricted Global Note in an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been
effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Dollar Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), (iii) the restrictions
on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest in a Dollar Unrestricted Global Note is being acquired in
compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

(b) [ ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE
IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A DOLLAR RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO DOLLAR UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Dollar Restricted Global Note for a Dollar Unrestricted Definitive
Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the Dollar Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Dollar
Restricted Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the
Securities Act and (iv) the Dollar Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

C-1-1 

(c) [ ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM DOLLAR RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE
NOTE TO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A DOLLAR UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. In connection with the Owners Exchange of a Dollar Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in a Dollar Unrestricted Global Note, the Owner hereby certifies
(i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Dollar Restricted Definitive Notes and
pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the
beneficial interest is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

(d) [ ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM DOLLAR RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO DOLLAR UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In
connection with the Owners Exchange of a Dollar Restricted Definitive Note for a Dollar Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the Dollar Unrestricted Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own
account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Dollar Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions
on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Dollar Unrestricted Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance with any
applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

2. EXCHANGE OF DOLLAR RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR
BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN DOLLAR RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTES FOR DOLLAR RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN DOLLAR RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTES. 

(a) [ ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A DOLLAR RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO DOLLAR RESTRICTED
DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Dollar Restricted Global Note for a Dollar Restricted Definitive Note with an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies that the Dollar Restricted
Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer. Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Dollar Restricted Definitive Note issued will continue to be subject
to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Dollar Restricted Definitive Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

(b) [ ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM DOLLAR RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A DOLLAR RESTRICTED
GLOBAL NOTE. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners Dollar Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in the [CHECK ONE] [ ] 144A Dollar Global Note [ ] Regulation S Dollar Global Note in each case, with an equal principal
amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer and (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the
Dollar Restricted Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with
the terms of the Indenture, the beneficial interest issued will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the relevant Dollar Restricted Global Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

C-1-2 

This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the
benefit of the Issuers. 

[Insert Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: 

C-1-3 

EXHIBIT C-2

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE] 

U.S. Bank
Europe DAC, as Euro Registrar 

Block F1 

Cherrywood Business
Park 

Cherrywood 

Dublin 18 

D18 W2X 

Ireland 

Re: 7.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of February 13, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time, the Indenture), among MPT Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (Opco), MPT Finance Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Finco and, together with Opco, the
Issuers), the Guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 

(the Owner) owns and proposes to exchange Euro Note[s] or an interest in such
Euro Note[s], in the principal amount of in such Euro Note[s] or interests (the Exchange). In connection with the Exchange, the Owner hereby certifies that: 

1. EXCHANGE OF EURO RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN A EURO RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE FOR EURO UNRESTRICTED
DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN A EURO UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. 

(a) [ ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM
BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A EURO RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A EURO UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Euro Restricted Global Note for a beneficial interest in a
Euro Unrestricted Global Note in an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with
the transfer restrictions applicable to the Euro Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the
Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest in a Euro Unrestricted Global Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky
securities laws of any state of the United States. 

(b) [ ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A EURO
RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO EURO UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Euro Restricted Global Note for a Euro Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the
Euro Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Euro Restricted Global

C-2-1 

Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to
maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Euro Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

(c) [ ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM EURO RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A EURO UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL
NOTE. In connection with the Owners Exchange of a Euro Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in a Euro Unrestricted Global Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners
own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Euro Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the
restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest is being acquired in compliance with any applicable
blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

(d) [ ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM EURO RESTRICTED
DEFINITIVE NOTE TO EURO UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with the Owners Exchange of a Euro Restricted Definitive Note for a Euro Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the Euro Unrestricted Definitive
Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Euro Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with
the Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Euro Unrestricted Definitive Note is
being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. 

2. EXCHANGE OF EURO RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN EURO RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTES FOR EURO
RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN EURO RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTES. 

(a) [ ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS
FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A EURO RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE TO EURO RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners beneficial interest in a Euro Restricted Global Note for a Euro Restricted Definitive Note with an
equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies that the Euro Restricted Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer. Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of the
Indenture, the Euro Restricted Definitive Note issued will continue to be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the Euro Restricted Definitive Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

(b) [ ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM EURO RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A EURO RESTRICTED GLOBAL
NOTE. In connection with the Exchange of the Owners Euro Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest in the [CHECK ONE] [ ] 144A Euro Global Note [ ] Regulation S Euro Global Note in each case, with an equal principal amount, the
Owner hereby certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owners own account without transfer and (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Euro Restricted
Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United States. Upon consummation of the 

C-2-2 

proposed Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the beneficial interest issued will be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed
on the relevant Euro Restricted Global Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act. 

C-2-3 

This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your benefit and the
benefit of the Issuers. 

[Insert Name of Transferor]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: 

C-2-0 

EXHIBIT D 

[FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

TO BE DELIVERED BY SUBSEQUENT GUARANTORS] 

[] Supplemental Indenture (this Supplemental Indenture), dated as
of , among (the Guaranteeing Subsidiary), a subsidiary of Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
(Opco), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee) and Notes Collateral Agent. 

W I T N E S S E T H 

WHEREAS,
MPT Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (Opco), and MPT Finance Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Finco and, together with Opco, the Issuers) and the Subsidiary
Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an Indenture (the Indenture), dated as of February 13, 2025, providing for (i) the issuance of $1,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 8.500% Senior
Secured Notes due 2032 (the Dollar Notes) and (ii) the issuance of 1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 7.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2032 (the Euro Notes and, together with the Dollar Notes,
the Notes); 

WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall execute
and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Issuers Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein and
under the Indenture (the Note Guarantee); and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee and
the Notes Collateral Agent are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the
foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders as follows: 

(1) Capitalized Terms. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the
Indenture. 

(2) Agreement to Guarantee. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it has received and reviewed a copy of
the Indenture and all other documents it deems necessary to review in order to enter into this Supplemental Indenture, and acknowledges and agrees to (i) join and become a party to the Indenture as indicated by its signature below, (ii) be
bound by the Indenture, as of the date hereof, as if made by, and with respect to, each signatory hereto and (iii) perform all obligations and duties required of a Guarantor pursuant to the Indenture. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary hereby agrees
to provide an unconditional Guarantee on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture, including, but not limited to, Article 10 thereof. 

(3) Execution and Delivery. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the Note Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect
notwithstanding the absence of the endorsement of any notation of such Guarantee on the Notes. 

(4) No Personal Liability of
Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders. No recourse for the payment of the principal of premiums, if any, or interest on any of the Notes or for any claim 

D-1 

based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Issuers or the Guarantors in the Indenture, the Notes, the Note
Guarantees of the Notes, the Security Documents or the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, or because of the creation of any Indebtedness represented thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, officer, director, employee or
controlling person of the Issuers or the Guarantors or of any successor Person thereof. Each Holder by accepting the Notes, waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release are part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes. 

(5) Governing Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, WILL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF TO THE EXTENT THE LAW OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE APPLIED THEREBY. EACH OF
THE ISSUERS, THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS, THE NOTES COLLATERAL AGENT, THE EURO PAYING AGENT AND THE TRUSTEE (1) AGREES TO SUBMIT TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE COURT LOCATED IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, IN
THE CITY OF NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE OR THE NOTES AND (2) HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN
ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

(6) Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an
original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in multiple counterparts which, when taken together, shall constitute one instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental Indenture
and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmissions shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Supplemental Indenture for all purposes.
Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 

(7) Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 

(8) The Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent. The Trustee and the Notes Collateral Agent shall not be responsible in any manner
whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing Subsidiary. 

(9) Benefits Acknowledged. The Guaranteeing Subsidiarys Guarantee is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the
Indenture. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture and that the guarantee and waivers made by it
pursuant to this Note Guarantee are knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits. 

(10) Successors. All agreements of the
Guaranteeing Subsidiary in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors, except as otherwise provided in this Supplemental Indenture. All agreements of the Trustee in this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors. 

D-2 

(11) Ratification of Indenture; Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture.
Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture
for all purposes, and every Holder shall be bound hereby. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

D-3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly
executed, all as of the date first above written. 

[GUARANTEEING SUBSIDIARY]

By: 

Name:

Title:

Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee and Notes Collateral
Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

U.S. Bank Europe DAC, as Euro Paying Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

D-0 

EXHIBIT E 

FORM OF FIRST LIEN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT 

[to come] 

E-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d849133dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO SECOND AMENDED AND 

RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AND TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 

This AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AND TERM LOAN AGREEMENT, dated as of February 13, 2025 (this
Amendment No. 3), is by and among MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST, INC., a Maryland corporation (Holdings), MPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the
Borrower), the Guarantors party hereto, the Lenders listed on the signature pages hereof, which constitute the Required Lenders (the Consenting Lenders) and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent for
the Lenders and collateral agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacities, the Administrative Agent). Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of
June 29, 2022 (as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2024, that certain Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and Restated Revolving
Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2024, and as further amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement; and the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment
No. 3, the Amended Credit Agreement), by and among Holdings, the Borrower, the Lenders referenced therein and the Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the same meanings as set
forth in the Credit Agreement. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Consenting Lenders are willing to make such amendments as set forth
herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the
parties hereto agree as follows: 

SECTION 1. AMENDMENTS TO CREDIT AGREEMENT. 

A. As of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), the Credit Agreement (excluding the Exhibits and Schedules
thereto) is hereby amended as set forth on Annex A attached hereto such that all of the newly inserted bold, double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: double-underlined text and double-underlined text) and any formatting changes reflected therein
shall be deemed to be inserted and reflected in the text of the Credit Agreement and all of the deleted stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following examples: stricken text and stricken
text) shall be deemed to be deleted from the text of the Credit Agreement. 

B. As of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), Schedule SP to the Amended Credit Agreement is hereby
appended to the Amended Credit Agreement in the form set forth in Annex B attached hereto. 

C. As of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), Exhibit C
to the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as set forth in Annex C attached hereto. 

D. As of the
Amendment Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), Exhibit I-I to the Amended Credit Agreement is hereby appended to the Amended Credit Agreement in the form set forth in Annex D attached
hereto. 

E. As of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), Exhibit
I-II to the Amended Credit Agreement is hereby appended to the Amended Credit Agreement in the form set forth in Annex E attached hereto. 

F. As of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), Exhibit I-III to
the Amended Credit Agreement is hereby appended to the Amended Credit Agreement in the form set forth in Annex F attached hereto. 

G. As of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), Exhibit I-IV to the
Amended Credit Agreement is hereby appended to the Amended Credit Agreement in the form set forth in Annex G attached hereto. 

H. As of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), Exhibit I-V to the
Amended Credit Agreement is hereby appended to the Amended Credit Agreement in the form set forth in Annex H attached hereto. 

I. As of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), Exhibit J-I to the
Amended Credit Agreement is hereby appended to the Amended Credit Agreement in the form set forth in Annex I attached hereto. 

J. As of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), Exhibit J-II to the
Amended Credit Agreement is hereby appended to the Amended Credit Agreement in the form set forth in Annex J attached hereto. 

K. As of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), Schedule PC to the Amended Credit Agreement is hereby
appended to the Amended Credit Agreement in the form set forth in Annex K attached hereto. 

L. As of the Amendment Effective
Date (as defined in Section 4 hereof), Schedules AR and 4.23(b) of the Credit Agreement are hereby removed in their entirety. 

SECTION 2.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BORROWER AND HOLDINGS 

In order to induce the Lenders and Administrative Agent to enter into this
Amendment No. 3, Borrower and Holdings each represents and warrants to each Lender and Administrative Agent that the following statements are true, correct and complete as of the date hereof: 

-2- 

(i) each Loan Party has the power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver
and perform its obligations under this Amendment No. 3, the Amended Credit Agreement, the Pledge Agreements entered into on the date hereof, the Guarantee Joinder entered into on the date hereof and the Guarantee (collectively, the
Amendment Documents), in each case, to which it is a party; 

(ii) each Loan Party has taken all necessary
organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Amendment Documents; 

(iii) no consent or
authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of the Amendment Documents,
except consents, authorizations, filings and notices which have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect; 

(iv) the
execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment No. 3 and the other Amendment Documents will not violate (i) the charter, by-laws or other constitutive documents of any Loan Party or
(ii) any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of any Group Member, except, in the case of this clause (ii), for any such violation which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and will not result in, or
require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation; 

(v) this Amendment No. 3 and the other Amendment Documents have been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party party thereto
and each of this Amendment No. 3 and the other Amendment Documents are the legal, valid and binding obligations of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against such Person in accordance with their respective terms, except as
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by
proceedings in equity or at law); 

(vi) the representations and warranties contained in Article IV of the Amended Credit Agreement
are and will be true and correct in all material respects (other than any representation or warranty qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language, which shall be true and correct in all respects)
on and as of the date hereof and the Amendment Effective Date to the same extent as though made on and as of such dates, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case they were true
and correct in all material respects (other than any representation or warranty qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language, which shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of such
earlier date; and 

(vii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

SECTION 3. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND CONSENT 

Each Guarantor has read this Amendment No. 3, the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Amendment Documents and consents to the terms
hereof and thereof, and further hereby confirms and agrees that, notwithstanding the effectiveness of this Amendment No. 3 and the other 

-3- 

Amendment Documents, the obligations of each Guarantor under each of the Loan Documents to which such Guarantor is a party shall not be impaired and each of the Loan Documents to which such
Guarantor is a party is, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and is hereby confirmed and ratified in all respects. 

Each
Guarantor and the Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that each reference to the Credit Agreement in the defined term Guarantor Obligations under, and as defined in, the Amended and Restated Guarantee Agreement, dated as
of June 29, 2022, by and among Holdings, the other Guarantors from time to time party thereto, and the Administrative Agent (the Guarantee Agreement) will be understood to refer to the Amended Credit Agreement. 

SECTION 4.CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS 

Except as set forth below, Section 1 of this Amendment No. 3 shall become effective only upon the satisfaction of the following
conditions precedent (the first date that all such conditions have been satisfied being referred to as the Amendment Effective Date): 

A. The Borrower, Holdings, each Subsidiary Guarantor, the Administrative Agent and Lenders constituting the Required Lenders shall have
indicated their consent hereto by the execution and delivery of the signature pages hereof to the Administrative Agent. 

B. The
Administrative Agent shall have received: 

(i)(v) a Pledge Agreement (the US Pledge Agreement), executed and delivered
by each of the Borrower and MPT Springstone REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation (MPT Springstone), (w) a Share and Receivables Charge governed by English law (the UK Share and Receivables Charge), executed and
delivered by each of MPT UK Holdings Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registered number 14819738 (MPT UK Holdings Limited) and MPT UK Property Holdings Limited, a private
limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registered number 14819145(MPT UK Property Holdings Limited), (x) a Share and Contract Rights Security Agreement (the Jersey Security Interest
Agreement), executed and delivered by MPT UK Holdings Limited, (y) each share pledge agreement governed by Luxembourg law (the Lux Share Pledge Agreements) granted by the Borrower and MPT MEDIAN Holdings
S..r.l., a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit limite) incorporated in Luxembourg, having its registered office at 25, rue Philippe II,
L-2340 Luxembourg, and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register the (the RCS) under number B224727 (MPT MEDIAN and, together with the Borrower, MPT
Springstone, MPT UK Holdings, MPT UK Property Holdings Limited, each in such capacity as a pledgor or chargor under the applicable Pledge Agreement, a Pledgor and collectively, the Pledgors) and (z) each
receivables pledge agreement governed by Luxembourg law granted by the Borrower and MPT MEDIAN (the Lux Receivables Pledge Agreements and, together with the Lux Share Pledge Agreements, US Pledge Agreement, the UK Share and
Receivables Charge and the Jersey Security Interest Agreement, the Pledge Agreements), which Pledge Agreements shall create a Lien on all Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock with respect to each Property Owning Subsidiary PropCo
GP holding the Secured Pool Properties listed on Schedule SP of the Amended Credit Agreement on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date; 

-4- 

(ii) each joinder to the Guarantee Agreement (the Guarantee Joinder),
executed and delivered by each of MPT Springstone, MPT UK Holdings Limited, MPT UK Property Holdings Limited and MPT MEDIAN(the Additional Security Parties); 

(iii) an Intercreditor Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit J-I to the Amended Credit
Agreement, executed and delivered by the Administrative Agent and Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its capacity as Collateral Agent pursuant to that certain Indenture, dated as of the date hereof; 

(iv) (y) a certificate of the director, secretary, assistant secretary or other appropriate officer of Holdings, the Borrower and each
Additional Secured Party, attaching (i) the certificate of incorporation of such Person that is a corporation certified by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization or incorporation of such Person, (ii) the resolutions
(including shareholder resolutions in respect of such Persons incorporated under the laws of England & Wales), written consents or other applicable action of such Person authorizing, among other things, the execution, delivery and
performance of the Amendment Documents, as applicable, and the transactions contemplated in this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (iii) an incumbency certificate (or local law equivalent) certifying the
names and true signatures of the officers of such Person entitled to sign the Amendment Documents, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (z) a good standing certificate for each of
Holdings, the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor from its jurisdiction of organization or incorporation (to the extent applicable); 

(v) the legal opinion of Goodwin Procter LLP, counsel to Holdings, the Borrower and each Additional Security Party in the United States and
Luxembourg (solely with respect to the capacity matters) and Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell & Berkowitz, PC as Maryland counsel to MPT Springstone REIT, Inc.; 

(vi) the legal opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell London LLP, English counsel to the Administrative Agent; 

(vii) the legal opinion of Loyens & Loeff Luxembourg SARL, local counsel to the Administrative Agent in Luxembourg (solely with
respect to enforceability matters); 

(viii) In relation to a Subsidiary Guarantor incorporated under the law of Luxembourg and each
Person which Capital Stock is pledged by reason of the Lux Pledge Agreements, a certificate of a manager and/or an authorized signatory thereof, attaching (i) the deed of incorporation and up-to-date articles of association (statuts coordonns) of such Person, (ii) an excerpt issued by the RCS pertaining to such Person not less than one (1) Business Day
from this Amendment, (iii) a certificate of absence of a judicial decision or administrative dissolution without liquidation procedure (certificat de non inscription dune dcision judiciaire ou de
procdure de dissolution administrative sans liquidation), pertaining to such Person delivered by the insolvency register (Registre de linsolvabilit) (Reginsol) held and
maintained by the RCS not less than one (1) Business Day from this Amendment, (iv) the resolutions of the managers of such Person authorizing, among other things, the execution, delivery and performance of the Amendment Documents, as
applicable, and the transactions contemplated in this Amendment, the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (v) the specimen signatures of each person authorized by the resolutions referred to in (iv) to sign the
Amendment Documents, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 

-5- 

(ix) in relation to the Jersey Security Interest Agreement, (a) a Consent Letter, (b)
notices and acknowledgements executed by the relevant parties each in substantially the form set out in the relevant schedule of the Jersey Security Interest Agreement, (c) original share certificates, duly executed and undated stock transfer
forms in respect of the shares secured under the Jersey Security Interest Agreement and a certified true copy of the register of members relating to the relevant Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock as at the date of the Jersey Security Interest
Agreement (including any required security notation), (d) the constitutional documents (including a copy of the consents issued by the Jersey Financial Services Commission pursuant to the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958) in respect of each
Property Owning Subsidiary incorporated in Jersey and (e) a copy of a special resolution amending the articles of each Property Owning Subsidiary incorporated in Jersey in connection with security over such Property Owning Subsidiarys
shares. 

(x) the results of searches of (A) the Uniform Commercial Code filings and tax and judgment lien searches (or, in each
case, the equivalent in each other jurisdiction in which a Guarantor or a Property Owning Subsidiary of any Initial Secured Pool Property is organized) with respect to each of the Borrower, each Guarantor and each Property Owning Subsidiary in each
applicable jurisdiction, and copies of the financing statements (or similar documents) disclosed by such searches and evidence reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent that the Liens indicated by such financing statements (or similar
documents) are permitted hereunder or under the Amended Credit Agreement or have been otherwise appropriately released or terminated prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date and (B) real property and Uniform Commercial Code fixture filings
(or, in each case, the equivalent in each other jurisdiction in which any Initial Secured Pool Property is located) in each applicable jurisdiction in which any Initial Secured Pool Property is located, and copies of the real property filings (or
similar documents) disclosed by such searches and evidence reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent that the Liens indicated by such real property filings (or similar documents) are permitted hereunder or under the Amended Credit Agreement or
have been otherwise appropriately released or terminated prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date; and 

(xi) all other documents,
including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements (or equivalent in each other jurisdiction of organization of each Guarantor) required by applicable law and reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded
to create or perfect the Liens intended to be created under the Pledge Agreements and the other Loan Documents to be executed and delivered (or existing) on the Amendment Effective Date. 

C.As of the Amendment Effective Date, after giving effect to this Amendment No. 3 and the transactions contemplated
hereby, the Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) does not exceed the Maximum Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement). 

D.The Borrower shall have paid or reimbursed the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates for all
their reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Amendment No. 3 and the other Amendment

-6- 

Documents and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP,
as counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and one local counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in each applicable jurisdiction, to the extent invoiced not less than two (2) Business Days prior to the Amendment
Effective Date. 

SECTION 5. POST-CLOSING OBLIGATIONS 

The Borrower shall, and shall cause each applicable Subsidiary to, satisfy each of the obligations described on
Schedule SP to the Amended Credit Agreement by no later than the date set forth in Schedule SP with respect to such obligation (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion).

SECTION 6. MISCELLANEOUS 

A. Notice of Extension. This Amendment constitutes notice delivered as of the Amendment Effective Date of the Borrowers
election to extend the Revolving Termination Date for purposes of Section 2.25 of the Credit Agreement from (x) June 30, 2026, which is the Revolving Termination Date prior to giving effect to the Amendment Effective Date, to
December 30, 2026, pursuant to Section 2.25 and (y) thereafter, from December 30, 2026 to June 30, 2027, pursuant to Section 2.25, in each case with respect to clauses (x) and (y), subject to the satisfaction of
the conditions precedent set forth in clauses (B), (C) and (D) of Section 2.25 of the Amended Credit Agreement. The Administrative Agent hereby acknowledges and accepts receipt of such notice of extension pursuant to Section 2.25 of
the Amended Credit Agreement. 

B. Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan Documents. 

(i) On and after the Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement,
hereunder, hereof, herein or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement and each reference in the other Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement, thereunder, thereof
or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 

(ii) Except as specifically amended by this Amendment No. 3, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain in full
force and effect as set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (as amended hereby) and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 

(iii) The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment No. 3 shall not, except as expressly provided herein, constitute a
waiver of any provision of, or operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under the Credit Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. 

(iv) This Amendment No. 3 shall be deemed to be a Loan Document. 

-7- 

C. Headings. Section and subsection headings in this Amendment No. 3 are
included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment No. 3 for any other purpose or be given any substantive effect. 

D. Applicable Law. THIS AMENDMENT NO. 3 AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

E. Submission to Jurisdiction. The
provisions of Section 10.12(a) of the Amended Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated herein as if fully set forth herein, mutatis mutandis. 

F. Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Amendment No. 3 may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties
hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument; signature pages may be detached from multiple separate
counterparts and attached to a single counterpart so that all signature pages are physically attached to the same document. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment No. 3 by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other
electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment No. 3. The words execution, signed,
signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment No. 2 and/or any document to be signed in connection with this Amendment No. 3 and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed
to include Electronic Signatures (as defined below), deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or
the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be. As used herein, Electronic Signatures means any electronic symbol or process attached to, or associated with, any contract or other record and adopted by a
person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

-8- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment No. 3 to be
duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date first written above. 

MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST, INC.

By: 

/s/ Charles R. Lambert

Name: Charles R. Lambert

Title: Senior Vice President of Finance & Treasurer

MPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.

By: MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST, LLC, its general partner

By: MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST, INC., its sole member

By: /s/Charles R. Lambert 

Name: Charles R. Lambert

Title: Senior Vice President of Finance & Treasurer

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 

MPT HARROW LTD

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

MPT OSBORNE LTD

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

MPT MILTON KEYNES LTD

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

MPT HENDON LTD

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

MPT EDGBASTON LTD

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

MPT DROITWICH SPA LTD

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

MPT DORCHESTER LTD

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Director

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

ADDITIONAL SECURITY PARTIES: 

MPT SPRINGSTONE REIT, INC.

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Senior Vice President, Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer

MPT UK HOLDINGS LIMITED

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Authorized Signatory

MPT UK PROPERTY HOLDINGS LIMITED

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Authorized Signatory

MPT MEDIAN HOLDINGS S..R.L.

By: 

/s/ J. Kevin Hanna

Name: J. Kevin Hanna

Title: Manager, authorised signatory

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent and as a Lender and Issuing Lender

By: 

/s/ Monica Aguirre

Name: Monica Aguirre

Title: Vice President

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as a Lender and Issuing Lender

By: 

/s/ H. Hope Walker

Name: H. Hope Walker

Title: Senior Vice President 

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

Goldman Sachs Bank USA,

as a Lender and Issuing Lender

By: 

/s/ Priyankush Goswami

Name: Priyankush Goswami

Title: Authorized Signatory 

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

MUFG BANK, LTD.,

as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Dominic Yung

Name: Dominic Yung

Title: Director 

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

BARCLAYS BANK PLC,

as a Lender and Issuing Lender

By: 

/s/ Craig Malloy

Name: Craig Malloy

Title: Director 

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

Taiwan Cooperative Bank,

as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Yen Chen Liu

Name: Yen Chen Liu

Title: VP & General Manager 

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,

as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Robb Gass

Name: Robb Gass

Title: Managing Director

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,

as a Lender

By: 

/s/ William Behuniak

Name: William Behuniak

Title: Authorized Signatory

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING

CORPORATION,

as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Mary Harold

Name: Mary Harold

Title: Managing Director

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

CRDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE

AND INVESTMENT BANK,

as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Michael Ubriaco

Name: Michael Ubriaco

Title: Director

By: 

/s/ Jill Wong

Name: Jill Wong

Title: Director

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

MIZUHO BANK, LTD.,

as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Donna DeMagistris

Name: Donna DeMagistris

Title: Managing Director

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

FIRST HORIZON BANK,

as a Lender and Issuing Lender

By: 

/s/ Mike Smith

Name: Mike Smith

Title: VP

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

KeyBank N.A.,

as a Lender and Issuing Lender

By: 

/s/ Peter A. Trazzera

Name: 

Peter A. Trazzera

Title: 

Senior Vice President

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

BNP Paribas,

as a Lender

By: 

/s/ John Bosco

Name: John Bosco

Title: Managing Director

By: 

/s/ Albert Arencibia

Name: Albert Arencibia

Title: Director

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

CITIZENS BANK, N.A.,

as a Lender

By: 

/s/ David W. Bruner

Name: 

David W. Bruner

Title: 

Vice President

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

Hancock Whitney Bank,

as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Robert M. Stone

Name: 

Robert M. Stone

Title: 

VP

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

TRUIST BANK,

as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Juan De Jesus-Caballero

Name: 

Juan De Jesus-Caballero

Title: 

Senior Vice President

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Reginald Dawson

Name: Reginald Dawson

Title: Managing Director

[SIGNATUREPAGE AMENDMENTNO. 3]

Annex A 

Credit Agreement 

[See
attached] 

Execution Version 

Exhibit A to Amendment No. 3 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

REVOLVING CREDIT AND TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 

among 

MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST,
INC. 

MPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P., 

as Borrower, 

The Several Lenders
from Time to Time Parties Hereto, 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 

as Administrative Agent 

BANK OF
AMERICA, N.A., 

as Syndication Agent 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, TRUIST BANK, 

MUFG BANK, LTD., and 

WELLS FARGO
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Documentation Agents 

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC, 

as
Sustainability Structuring Agent 

Dated as of June 29, 2022 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., and 

BOFA SECURITIES, INC., 

as Joint
Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, and 

KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS, INC., 

as
Joint Lead Arrangers 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1 

SECTION 1.1 

Defined Terms 1 

SECTION 1.2 

Other Definitional Provisions 49 

SECTION 1.3 

Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents 50 

SECTION 1.4 

Additional Alternative Currencies 50 

SECTION 1.5 

Change of Currency 51 

SECTION 1.6 

Times of Day 51 

SECTION 1.7 

Letter of Credit Amounts 51 

SECTION 1.8 

Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification 52 

SECTION 1.9 

Divisions 52 

SECTION 1.10 

Luxembourg Terms 52 

SECTION 1.11 

Jersey Terms 53 

ARTICLE II AMOUNT AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS 54 

SECTION 2.1 

Term Commitments 54 

SECTION 2.2 

Procedure for Dollar Term Loan Borrowing 54 

SECTION 2.3 

[Reserved] 55 

SECTION 2.4 

Revolving Commitments 55 

SECTION 2.5 

Procedure for Revolving Loan Borrowing 55 

SECTION 2.6 

[Reserved] 56 

SECTION 2.7 

[Reserved] 56 

SECTION 2.8 

Facility Fees, etc 57 

SECTION 2.9 

Optional Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitments 57 

SECTION 2.10 

Prepayments; Commitment Reductions 57 

SECTION 2.11 

Repayment of Loans 60 

SECTION 2.12 

Conversion and Continuation Options 60 

SECTION 2.13 

Limitations on Term Benchmark Tranches 61 

SECTION 2.14 

Interest Rates and Payment Dates 62 

SECTION 2.15 

Computation of Interest and Fees 62 

SECTION 2.16 

Alternate Rate of Interest 63 

SECTION 2.17 

Pro Rata Treatment and Payments 67 

SECTION 2.18 

Requirements of Law 69 

SECTION 2.19 

Taxes 70 

-i- 

SECTION 2.20 

Indemnity 74 

SECTION 2.21 

Change of Lending Office 74 

SECTION 2.22 

Replacement of Lenders 75 

SECTION 2.23 

Incremental Commitments 75 

SECTION 2.24 

Defaulting Lenders 77 

SECTION 2.25 

Extension of Revolving Termination Date 80 

SECTION 2.26 

ESG Amendment 80 

ARTICLE III LETTERS OF CREDIT 82 

SECTION 3.1 

L/C Commitment 82 

SECTION 3.2 

Procedure for Issuance of Letter of Credit 83 

SECTION 3.3 

Fees and Other Charges 83 

SECTION 3.4 

L/C Participations 83 

SECTION 3.5 

Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrower 84 

SECTION 3.6 

Obligations Absolute 85 

SECTION 3.7 

Letter of Credit Payments 86 

SECTION 3.8 

Applications 86 

SECTION 3.9 

Replacement of the Issuing Lender 86 

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 87 

SECTION 4.1 

Financial Condition 87 

SECTION 4.2 

No Change 88 

SECTION 4.3 

Existence; Compliance with Law 88 

SECTION 4.4 

Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations 88 

SECTION 4.5 

No Legal Bar 88 

SECTION 4.6 

Litigation 89 

SECTION 4.7 

No Default 89 

SECTION 4.8 

Ownership of Property; Liens 89 

SECTION 4.9 

Intellectual Property 89 

SECTION 4.10 

Taxes 89 

SECTION 4.11 

Federal Regulations 90 

SECTION 4.12 

Labor Matters 90 

SECTION 4.13 

ERISA 90 

SECTION 4.14 

Investment Company Act; Other Regulations 90 

SECTION 4.15 

Subsidiaries 91 

SECTION 4.16 

Use of Proceeds 91 

SECTION 4.17 

Environmental Matters 91 

SECTION 4.18 

Accuracy of Information, etc 92 

SECTION 4.19 

Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 92 

SECTION 4.20 

Solvency 92 

SECTION 4.21 

Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions 93 

SECTION 4.22 

Status of Holdings 93 

SECTION 4.23 

Properties 93 

SECTION 4.24 

Affected Financial Institutions 93 

SECTION 4.25 

Collateral Matters 93 

ARTICLE V CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 94 

SECTION 5.1 

Conditions to Initial Extension of Credit 94 

SECTION 5.2 

Conditions to Each Extension of Credit 96 

ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 97 

SECTION 6.1 

Financial Statements 97 

SECTION 6.2 

Certificates; Other Information 97 

SECTION 6.3 

Payment of Obligations 99 

SECTION 6.4 

Maintenance of Existence; Compliance 99 

SECTION 6.5 

Maintenance of Property; Insurance 99 

SECTION 6.6 

Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions 100 

SECTION 6.7 

Notices 100 

SECTION 6.8 

Environmental Laws 101 

SECTION 6.9 

Distributions in the Ordinary Course 101 

SECTION 6.10 

Additional Guarantors 102 

SECTION 6.11 

Notices of Asset Sales, Encumbrances or Dispositions 102 

SECTION 6.12 

Maintenance of Ratings 102 

SECTION 6.13 

Use of Proceeds 102 

SECTION 6.14 

Secured Pool Properties. 103 

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 105 

SECTION 7.1 

Financial Condition Covenants 105 

SECTION 7.2 

Indebtedness 106 

SECTION 7.3 

Liens 107 

SECTION 7.4 

Fundamental Changes 109 

SECTION 7.5 Disposition of Property 110 

SECTION 7.6 Restricted Payments 111 

SECTION 7.7 [Reserved] 112 

SECTION 7.8 [Reserved] 112 

SECTION 7.9 [Reserved] 112 

SECTION 7.10 Transactions with Affiliates 112 

SECTION 7.11 Sales and Leasebacks 112 

SECTION 7.12 Swap Agreements 112 

SECTION 7.13 Changes in Fiscal Periods 113 

SECTION 7.14 Negative Pledge Clauses 113 

SECTION 7.15 Clauses Restricting Subsidiary Distributions 113 

SECTION 7.16 Lines of Business 114 

SECTION 7.17 Property Owning Subsidiaries; PropCo GPs 114 

ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 115 

ARTICLE IX THE AGENTS 121 

SECTION 9.1 Appointment 121 

SECTION 9.2 Delegation of Duties 123 

SECTION 9.3 Exculpatory Provisions 123 

SECTION 9.4 Reliance by Administrative Agent 124 

SECTION 9.5 Notice of Default 124 

SECTION 9.6 Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders 124 

SECTION 9.7 Indemnification 126 

SECTION 9.8 Agent in Its Individual Capacity 127 

SECTION 9.9 Successor Administrative Agent 127 

SECTION 9.10 Other Agents 128 

SECTION 9.11 Certain ERISA Matters 128 

SECTION 9.12 Collateral Matters 129 

SECTION 9.13 Security Trustee 131 

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 135 

SECTION 10.1 Amendments and Waivers 135 

SECTION 10.2 Notices 136 

SECTION 10.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 140 

SECTION 10.4 Survival 140 

SECTION 10.5 Payment of Expenses and Taxes 140 

SECTION 10.6 Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments 142 

SECTION 10.7 Adjustments; Set-off 147 

SECTION 10.8 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 148 

SECTION 10.9 Severability 149 

SECTION 10.10 Integration 149 

SECTION 10.11 Governing Law 149 

SECTION 10.12 Submission To Jurisdiction; Waivers 149 

SECTION 10.13 Acknowledgements 151 

SECTION 10.14 Releases of Guarantees and Collateral 151 

SECTION 10.15 Confidentiality 152 

SECTION 10.16 WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL 152 

SECTION 10.17 USA PATRIOT Act 153 

SECTION 10.18 Transitional Arrangements 153 

SECTION 10.19 Headings 154 

SECTION 10.20 Interest Rate Limitation 154 

SECTION 10.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 154 

SECTION 10.22 Subsidiary Borrowers 155 

SECTION 10.23 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 156 

SECTION 10.24 Preservation of Security 158 

SCHEDULES:

EGL 

Eligible Ground Leased Property

ES 

Subsidiaries of Borrower

PC 

Post-Closing Obligations

SG 

Subsidiary Guarantors

SP 

Secured Pool Properties

1.1A 

Loan Commitments

1.1C 

Issuing Lender Commitments

3.1(a) 

Existing Letters of Credit

4.4 

Consents, Authorizations, Filings and Notices

4.15 

Subsidiaries

4.23(a) 

Properties

7.2(d) 

Existing Indebtedness

7.3(f) 

Existing Liens

EXHIBITS:

A 

Form of Guarantee Agreement

B 

Form of Compliance Certificate

C 

Form of Closing Certificate

D 

Form of Assignment and Assumption

E 

Form of Borrowing Request

F 

Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates

G 

Form of Adherence Agreement

H 

Form of Qualified Borrower Guarantee

I-I 

Form of U.S. Pledge Agreement

I-II 

Form of UK Share and Receivables Charge

I-III 

Form of Luxembourg Share Pledge Agreement

I-IV 

Form of Luxembourg Receivables Pledge Agreement

I-V 

Form of Jersey Share and Contract Rights Agreement

J-I 

Form of Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement

J-II 

Form of 1L / 2L Intercreditor Agreement

-vi- 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AND TERM LOAN AGREEMENT (this
Agreement), dated as of June 29, 2022, among MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST, INC., a Maryland corporation (Holdings), MPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the Borrower), any Subsidiary
Borrower that becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 10.22, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this Agreement (the Lenders), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as
syndication agent (in such capacity, the Syndication Agent), the Documentation Agents listed on the cover to this Agreement, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent for the lenders and collateral agent for the Secured
Parties. 

WHEREAS, Holdings, the Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto are parties
to an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement dated as of January 15, 2021, as amended to date (the Existing Credit Agreement); and 

WHEREAS, the parties wish to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in their entirety. 

The parties hereto hereby agree to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in their entirety as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

SECTION 1.1Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the terms listed in this Section 1.1 shall
have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1.1. 

2013 Senior Unsecured Note
Indenture: the Indenture dated as of October 10, 2013, as supplemented through the date hereof, entered into by the Borrower and MPT Finance Corp. in connection with the issuance of the 2014 Senior Unsecured Notes in the principal
amount of $300,000,000, together with all instruments, supplements and other agreements entered into by the Borrower and MPT Finance Corp. in connection therewith. 

2014 Senior Unsecured Notes: the 5.50% Senior Notes due 2024 issued by the Borrower pursuant to the 2013 Senior Unsecured
Note Indenture. 

ABR: for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such
day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus 12 of 1% and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for a one month Interest Period as published two U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 1%; provided that for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate for any day shall be based on
the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. Chicago time on such day (or any amended publication time for the Term SOFR Reference Rate, as specified by the CME Term SOFR Administrator in the Term SOFR Reference Rate methodology). Any
change in the ABR due to a change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate shall be effective from and including the effective date of such 

change in the Prime Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, respectively. If the ABR is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 2.16
(for the avoidance of doubt, only until the Benchmark Replacement has been determined pursuant to Section 2.16(b)), then the ABR shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without
reference to clause (c) above. For the avoidance of doubt, if the ABR as determined pursuant to the foregoing would be less than 1.0%, such rate shall be deemed to be 1.0% for purposes of this Agreement. 

ABR Borrowing: a Borrowing denominated in Dollars the rate of interest applicable to which is based on the ABR. 

ABR Loans: Loans denominated in Dollars the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the ABR. 

Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement: an Intercreditor Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit J-I, in the case of Secured Pool First Lien Debt or J-II, in the case of Secured Pool Junior Lien Debt. 

Acceptable Jurisdiction: Luxembourg and any other jurisdiction (other than the United States) acceptable to the
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, including, if requested by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, based on satisfactory advice received by it from local counsel in such jurisdiction with respect to the procedure for
enforcement of a U.S. judgment in such jurisdiction, and the collection of such judgment from assets located there. 

Additional
Credit Extension Amendment: an amendment to this Agreement providing for any Incremental Commitments which shall be consistent with the applicable provisions of this Agreement relating to such Incremental Commitments and otherwise
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 

Additional Secured Pool Property: as defined in
the defined term Secured Pool Property. 

Additional Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock: as defined
in Section 6.14(a)(ii). 

Additional Secured Pool Property Release: as defined in
Section 6.14(c). 

Additional Senior Unsecured Indentures: the 2013 Senior Unsecured Note
Indenture and any other indenture entered into by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in connection with the issuance of the Additional Senior Unsecured Notes, together with all instruments and other agreements entered into by the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries in connection therewith. 

Additional Senior Unsecured Notes: any senior unsecured notes issued by the
Borrower that are pari passu with the Obligations and that are in an amount that would not cause a violation of any covenant set forth in Section 7.1 or any other provision of this Agreement after giving pro forma
effect to the incurrence of the Indebtedness under such notes. 

2 

Adherence Agreement: an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit
G executed and delivered by the Borrower and a Subsidiary Borrower to the Administrative Agent in connection with the admission of such Subsidiary Borrower as a Borrower hereunder. 

Adjusted Daily Simple RFR: (i) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in Sterling, an interest rate per annum equal
to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Sterling, plus (b) 0.03260%, (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing denominated in CHF, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for CHF, minus (b) 0.05710% and (iii) with respect to
any RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple RFR for Dollars, plus (b) 0.10%; provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be
deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Adjusted EURIBOR Rate: with respect to any Term
Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the EURIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate; provided that if the Adjusted EURIBOR
Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for purposes of this Agreement. 

Adjusted NOI: for any fiscal period, the NOI from any Real Property as adjusted to remove the effect of recognizing rental
income on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term. 

Adjusted Term SOFR Rate: with respect to any Term
Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) 0.10%; provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less
than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Adjusted TIBOR
Rate: with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the TIBOR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate;provided that if the Adjusted TIBOR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for purposes of this Agreement. 

Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., together with its designated branch offices or affiliates (which may
include J.P. Morgan Europe Limited with respect to Loans and Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency), as the administrative agent for the Lenders and collateral agent for the Secured Parties under this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents, together with any of its successors and permitted assigns. 

Administrative Questionnaire: an Administrative
Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 

Affected Financial Institution: (a) any EEA Financial
Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

3 

Affiliate: as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or
indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (a) vote 10% or more of the
securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether by contract or otherwise.

Agent Parties: as defined in Section 10.2(d)(ii). 

Agents: the collective reference to the Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agents, the Sustainability Structuring Agent
and the Administrative Agent. 

Agreed Currencies: Dollars and each Alternative Currency. 

Aggregate Exposure: with respect to any Lender at any time, an amount equal to (a) until the Funding Date, the
aggregate amount of such Lenders Commitments at such time and (b) thereafter, the sum of (i) the aggregate then unpaid principal amount of such Lenders Term Loans and (ii) the amount of such Lenders Revolving
Commitment then in effect or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the amount of such Lenders Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding. 

Aggregate Exposure Percentage: with respect to any Lender at any time, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of such
Lenders Aggregate Exposure at such time to the Aggregate Exposures of all Lenders at such time. 

Agreement: as
defined in the preamble hereto. 

Alternative Currency: each of the following currencies: AUD, CHF, Euro, Sterling and
Yen, together with each other currency (other than Dollars) that is approved in accordance with Section 1.4. 

Alternative Currency Equivalent: for any amount of any Alternative Currency, at the time of determination thereof,
(a) if such amount is expressed in such Alternative Currency, such amount and (b) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, the equivalent of such amount in such Alternative Currency determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase
of such Alternative Currency with Dollars last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by the applicable Reuters source on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of
determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a rate of exchange for the purchase of such Alternative Currency with Dollars, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of
exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the
Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion). 

4 

Alternative Currency Sublimit: an amount equal to the lesser of the Total
Revolving Commitments and the Dollar Equivalent of $1,300,000,000. The Alternative Currency Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Commitments. 

Amendment No. 1: that certain Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and
Term Loan Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2024, by and among Holdings, the Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 

Amendment No. 1 Effective Date: has the meaning assigned to Amendment Effective Date in the
Amendment No. 1. 

Amendment No. 2: that certain Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and
Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2024, by and among Holdings, the Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 

Amendment No. 2 Effective Date: has the meaning assigned to Amendment Effective Date in the
Amendment No. 2. 

Amendment No. 3: that certain Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and
Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of February 13, 2025, by and among Holdings, the Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto. 

Amendment No. 3 Effective Date: has the meaning assigned to Amendment Effective Date in the
Amendment No. 3. 

Ancillary Document: has the meaning assigned to it in Section 10.8(b).

Anti-Corruption Laws: all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower and its
affiliated companies from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 

Applicable Margin: 2.25% with
respect to RFR Loans and Term Benchmark Loans and (ii) 1.25% with respect to ABR Loans. 

Applicable Time: with
respect to any borrowings and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, to be necessary
for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. 

Application: an application, in such form as the Issuing Lender may specify from time to time, requesting the Issuing
Lender to issue a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit
is 

5 

to expire (which shall comply with Section 3.1 of this Agreement), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other
information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. 

Approved Fund: as defined
in Section 10.6(b)(ii). 

Arrangers: the financial institutions listed as Joint Lead
Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners on the cover page to this Agreement. 

Assignee: as defined in
Section 10.6(b)(i). 

Assignment and Assumption: an Assignment and Assumption, substantially
in the form of Exhibit D. 

AUD: the lawful currency of the Commonwealth of Australia. 

AUD Screen Rate: with respect to any Interest Period, the average bid reference rate as administered by ASX Benchmarks Pty
Limited (ACN 616 075 417) (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for Australian dollar bills of exchange with a tenor equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on page BBSY of the Reuters screen (or, in the
event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected by the
Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) at or about the Specified Time on the Quotation Day for such Interest Period. If the AUD Screen Rate shall be less than zero, the AUD Screen Rate shall be deemed to be zero for
purposes of this Agreement. 

Available Revolving Commitment: as to any Revolving Lender at any time, an amount equal to
the excess, if any, of (a) such Lenders Revolving Commitment then in effect over (b) such Lenders Revolving Extensions of Credit then outstanding. 

Available Tenor: as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as
applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period
for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from
the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section 2.16. 

Bail-In Action: means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation: means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA 

6 

Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the
United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their
affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bankruptcy Event: with
respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the
reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such
proceeding or appointment, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, provided,
further, that such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person
(or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 

Baseline Conditions: as to any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower, in connection with the admission of such Subsidiary
as a Subsidiary Borrower hereunder, that such Subsidiary (a) at the time of the delivery by such Wholly Owned Subsidiary of its Adherence Agreement pursuant to Section 10.22, can truthfully and correctly make each of
its representations and warranties in Section 4 in all material respects and (b) if such Subsidiary is not organized under the laws of any state of the United States, (i) shall be organized under the laws of an
Acceptable Jurisdiction and (ii) shall have submitted for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, including for recognition and enforcement of any
judgment in respect thereof, to the non-exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, and appellate
courts from any thereof. 

Benchmark: initially, with respect to any (i) RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency, the
applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan in any Agreed Currency, the applicable Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, and the related Benchmark Replacement
Date have occurred with respect to the applicable Relevant Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced
such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 2.16. 

Benchmark
Replacement: for any Available Tenor, the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding
Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving

7 

or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed
Currency at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

If the Benchmark Replacement as
determined pursuant to the above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment: with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive
or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any
evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for
syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time. 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes: with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, the definition of
Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of RFR Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making
payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the
Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with
market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark
exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion is necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Benchmark Replacement Date: with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to
such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event,
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or
indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

8 

(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition
Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be
no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available
Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the
event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such
determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with
respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark Transition Event: with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with
respect to such then-current Benchmark: 

(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator
of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely,
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, the central bank for the Agreed Currency applicable to such Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the
administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the
administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof)
permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. 

9 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have
occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark Unavailability Period: with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time
that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in
accordance with Section 2.16 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with
Section 2.16. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification: a certification regarding beneficial
ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation: means 31
C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Plan: any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in
Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of
the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

Benefitted Lender: as defined in Section 10.7(a). 

Board: the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). 

Borrower: as defined in the preamble hereto, and shall collectively include any Subsidiary Borrower that becomes a party
hereto pursuant to Section 10.22. 

Borrowing: Loans of the same Type made, converted or
continued on the same date, and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect. 

Borrowing Base: at any time, the sum of the Borrowing Base Values of each Secured Pool Property, after giving effect to
(w) any permitted Secured Pool Property Addition made in accordance with Section 6.14(a), (x) any permitted Substitution made in accordance with Section 6.14(b), (y) any permitted Additional
Secured Pool Property Release made in accordance with Section 6.14(c) or (z) any disposition permitted pursuant to Section 7.5. 

Borrowing Base Value means, with respect to any Secured Pool Property at any time, the Undepreciated Real Estate Assets
with respect to such Secured Pool Property as set forth in the Compliance Certificate delivered by the Borrower under Section 6.2(a) hereof for the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending prior to such time (or, with respect to any
Additional Secured Pool Property which was not (and was not required to be) included in the calculation of the Borrowing Base Value in the most recent Compliance Certificate delivered (or required to be

10 

delivered) by the Borrower under Section 6.2(a) hereof for the most recent fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending prior to such time, means the Undepreciated Real Estate
Assets with respect to such Additional Secured Pool Property as incorporated in the financial statements of the Borrower delivered under Section 6.1(a) or (b), as applicable, for the most recent fiscal quarter of the
Borrower ended prior to such time); provided, that the Borrowing Base Value at any time attributable to a Property which is not an Eligible Property at such time or a Property with respect to which the Secured Pool Property Collateral
Requirement has not been satisfied at such time shall in each case be zero. For the avoidance of doubt, the aggregate Borrowing Base Value of all Secured Pool Property as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date and prior to the first delivery of
a Compliance Certificate under Section 6.2(a) after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date shall be deemed to be $ $6,207,500,000. 

Borrowing Date: any Business Day specified by the Borrower as a date on which the Borrower requests the relevant Lenders to
make Loans hereunder. 

Business: as defined in Section 4.17(b). 

Business Day: any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in New York City or Chicago;
provided that, (a) in relation to Loans denominated in Sterling, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in London, (b) in relation to Loans denominated in Yen and in relation to the calculation or
computation of TIBOR, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Japan, (c) in relation to Loans denominated in Euros and in relation to the calculation or computation of EURIBOR, any day which is a
TARGET Day, (d) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings in the applicable Agreed Currency of such RFR Loan, any such day that is only
an RFR Business Day and (e) in relation to any Non-Quoted Currency, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are open for business in the principal financial center of the country of
that currency. 

Capital Lease Obligations: as to any Person, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other
amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person
under GAAP and, for the purposes of this Agreement, the amount of such obligations at any time shall be the capitalized amount thereof at such time determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital Stock: any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of
a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation), including partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, and beneficial interests in a trust, and any and all warrants,
rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing. 

Cash Equivalents: (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or
unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States Government or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year from the date of

11 

acquisition; (b) certificates of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits or overnight bank deposits having maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition issued by
any Lender or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof having combined capital and surplus of not less than $500,000,000; (c) commercial paper of an issuer rated at least A-1 by S&P Global Ratings Services (S&P) or P-1 by Moodys Investors Service, Inc. (Moodys), or carrying an equivalent rating by a
nationally recognized rating agency, if both of the two named rating agencies cease publishing ratings of commercial paper issuers generally, and maturing within six months from the date of acquisition; (d) repurchase obligations of any Lender
or of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition, having a term of not more than thirty (30) days, with respect to securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government;
(e) securities with maturities of one year or less from the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any such state,
commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government, the securities of which state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision, taxing authority or foreign government (as the case may be) are rated at least A by S&P or A by Moodys;
(f) securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any Lender or any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition; (g) money
market mutual or similar funds that invest exclusively in assets satisfying the requirements of clauses (a) through (f) of this definition; (h) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in SEC Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (ii) are rated AAA by S&P and Aaa by Moodys and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least $5,000,000,000, or (i) in the case of any
Foreign Subsidiary, Investments of comparable tenor and credit quality to those described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (h) customarily utilized in countries in which such Foreign Subsidiary operates for short-term cash management
purposes. 

Cash Management Services: any cash management services that are (i) in effect on the Closing Date
between a Loan Party and a Qualified Lender Counterparty as of the Closing Date or (ii) entered into after the Closing Date between a Loan Party and any Qualified Lender Counterparty at the time such services are entered into, regardless, in
the case of clause (i) and (ii), whether any such Qualified Lender Counterparty subsequently ceases to be a Lender or the Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender or the Administrative Agent. 

CBR Loan: a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Central Bank Rate. 

CBR Spread: the Applicable Rate, applicable to such Loan that is replaced by a CBR Loan. 

Central Bank Rate: (A) the greater of (i) for any Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, the Bank of England (or any
successor thereto)s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (b) Euro, one of the following three rates as may be selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable
discretion: (1) the fixed rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), or, if that rate is not published, the minimum bid rate for the main refinancing operations of the European Central Bank
(or any successor thereto), each as published by the European Central Bank (or any 

12 

successor thereto) from time to time, (2) the rate for the marginal lending facility of the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto), as published by the European Central Bank (or
any successor thereto) from time to time or (3) the rate for the deposit facility of the central banking system of the Participating Member States, as published by the European Central Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time,
(c) Yen, the short-term prime rate as publicly announced by the Bank of Japan (or any successor thereto) from time to time, (d) CHF, the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) as published by the
Swiss National Bank (or any successor thereto) from time to time and (e) any other Alternative Currency determined after the Effective Date, a central bank rate as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion and (ii)
0.0%; plus (B) the applicable Central Bank Rate Adjustment. 

Central Bank Rate Adjustment: for any day, for any
Loan denominated in (a) Euro, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate for the five most recent Business Days preceding such day for which the
EURIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted EURIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of Euro in effect on the last
Business Day in such period, (b) Sterling, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Sterling Borrowings for the five most recent RFR Business
Days preceding such day for which SONIA was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate in
respect of Sterling in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, (c) Yen, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of the Adjusted TIBOR Rate for the five most recent
Business Days preceding such day for which the TIBOR Screen Rate was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest Adjusted TIBOR Rate applicable during such period of five Business Days) minus (ii) the Central Bank Rate
in respect of Yen in effect on the last Business Day in such period, (d) CHF, a rate equal to the difference (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) of (i) the average of Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for CHF Borrowings for the
five most recent RFR Business Days preceding such day for which SARON was available (excluding, from such averaging, the highest and the lowest such Adjusted Daily Simple RFR applicable during such period of five RFR Business Days) minus
(ii) the Central Bank Rate in respect of CHF in effect on the last RFR Business Day in such period, and (e) any other Alternative Currency determined after the Effective Date, a Central Bank Rate Adjustment as determined by the
Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. For purposes of this definition, (x) the term Central Bank Rate shall be determined disregarding clause (B) of the definition of such term and (y) each of the EURIBOR Rate and the
TIBOR Rate on any day shall be based on the EURIBOR Screen Rate or the TIBOR Screen Rate, as applicable, on such day at approximately the time referred to in the definition of such term for deposits in the applicable Agreed Currency for a maturity
of one month. 

CFC: a controlled foreign corporation under Section 957 of the Code. 

Change in Law: the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or with respect to any Lender, if later, the date on which
such Lender becomes a Lender), of any of the following: (a) the adoption of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation 

13 

or treaty or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender or the Issuing Lender (or, for purposes of
Section 2.18(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lenders or the Issuing Lenders holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any
Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or
directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar
authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall be deemed to be a Change in Law regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

Charges: as defined in Section 10.20. 

CHF: the lawful currency of Switzerland. 

Closing Date: the date hereof. 

CME Term SOFR Administrator: CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) (or a successor administrator). 

Code: the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time
to time. 

Collateral means the Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock and all proceeds thereof (provided, for avoidance of
doubt, that no Proceeds of the sale of any Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock which is permitted by Section 7.5 hereunder shall constitute Collateral). 

Commitments: as to any Lender, the Revolving Commitment and Term Commitments of such Lender. 

Commodity Exchange Act: the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any
successor statute. 

Commonly Controlled Entity: an entity, whether or not incorporated, that is under common control
with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA or is part of a group that includes the Borrower and that is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code. 

Communications: as defined in Section 10.2(d)(iii). 

Compliance Certificate: a certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer substantially in the form of Exhibit B.

Conduit Lender: any special purpose corporation organized and administered by any Lender for the purpose of making
Loans otherwise required to be made by such Lender and 

14 

designated by such Lender in a written instrument; provided, that the designation by any Lender of a Conduit Lender shall not relieve the designating Lender of any of its obligations to fund a
Loan under this Agreement if, for any reason, its Conduit Lender fails to fund any such Loan, and the designating Lender (and not the Conduit Lender) shall have the sole right and responsibility to deliver all consents and waivers required or
requested under this Agreement with respect to its Conduit Lender, and provided, further, that no Conduit Lender shall (a) be entitled to receive any greater amount pursuant to Section 2.18, 2.19, 2.20 or
10.5 than the designating Lender would have been entitled to receive in respect of the extensions of credit made by such Conduit Lender or (b) be deemed to have any Commitment. 

Connection Income Taxes: Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that
are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Continuing Directors: the directors of Holdings on the Closing Date, and
each other director, if, in each case, such other directors nomination for election or appointment to the board of directors of Holdings is made by, or at the direction of, at least a majority of the then Continuing Directors. 

Contractual Obligation: as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement,
instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 

Corresponding
Tenor: with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 

Covered Party: as defined in Section 10.23. 

Credit Party: the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any other Lender. 

Credit Rating: the publicly announced senior unsecured credit rating of the Borrower given by Moodys, S&P or
Fitch. 

Daily Effective SOFR: for any day (a SOFR Rate Day), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day
(such day SOFR Determination Date) that is (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is an RFR Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate
Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website. Any change in Daily Effective SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in
SOFR without notice to the Borrower. 

Daily Simple RFR: for any day (an RFR Interest Day), an interest rate
per annum equal to, for any RFR Loan denominated in (i) Sterling, SONIA for the day that is 5 RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not
an RFR Business Day, the RFR Business Day 

15 

immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day, (ii) CHF, SARON for the day that is 5 RFR Business Days prior to (A) if such RFR Interest Day is an RFR Business Day, such RFR Interest Day
or (B) if such RFR Interest Day is not an RFR Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such RFR Interest Day and (iii) Dollars, Daily Effective SOFR. 

Default: any of the events specified in Section 8, whether or not any requirement for the giving
of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 

Defaulting Lender: any Lender that (a) has failed,
within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount
required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent to
funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect
to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lenders good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and
including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by
a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations as of the date of such certification) to
fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Partys receipt of such
certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, (d) has become the subject of a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action or (e) is the Subsidiary of a Parent that has
become the subject of a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (e) above
shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.24(e)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower, the
Issuing Lender and each Lender. 

Discharged: means Indebtedness that has been defeased (pursuant to a contractual or
legal defeasance) or discharged pursuant to the prepayment or deposit of amounts sufficient to satisfy such Indebtedness as it becomes due or irrevocably called for redemption in accordance with the terms of the instrument governing such
Indebtedness (and regardless of whether such Indebtedness constitutes a liability on the balance sheet of the obligors thereof); provided, however, that Indebtedness shall be deemed Discharged if the payment or deposit of all amounts required for
defeasance or discharge or redemption thereof have been made even if certain customary conditions thereto have not been satisfied, so long as such conditions are reasonably expected to be satisfied within ninety five (95) days after such
prepayment or deposit. 

Disposition: with respect to any property, any sale, lease, sale and leaseback, assignment,
conveyance, transfer, or other disposition thereof (in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a division or otherwise). The terms Dispose and Disposed of shall have correlative
meanings. 

16 

Disqualified Institution: means (a) (i) a prospective assignee or
successor administrative agent (other than a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender) which is a REIT investing primarily in healthcare properties (including, without limitation, hospitals) and (ii) which as of any date of determination has been
designated by the Borrower as a Disqualified Institution by written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (including by posting such notice to the Electronic System) not less than ten (10) Business Days prior to such
date (provided that Disqualified Institutions shall exclude any Person that the Borrower has designated as no longer being a Disqualified Institution by written notice delivered to the Administrative Agent from time to time),
or (b) an Affiliate of such REIT that is clearly identifiable as such based solely on the similarity of its name. 

Disqualified Institution List: has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.6(g). 

Documentation Agents: the financial institutions listed as Documentation Agents on the cover page of this
Agreement. 

Dollar Equivalent: for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is
expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in an Alternative Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with the Alternative Currency last
provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent) by Reuters on the Business Day (New York City time) immediately preceding the date of determination or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide a
rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with the Alternative Currency, as provided by such other publicly available information service which provides that rate of exchange at such time in place of Reuters chosen by the Administrative Agent in
its sole discretion (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in
its sole discretion) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion.

Dollar Term Commitment: as to any Lender, (a) the obligation of such Lender, if any, to make a Dollar Term Loan
to the Borrower in a principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Dollar Term Commitment opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 1.1A or (b) any Incremental Commitments of such Lender to make New
Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.23. The initial aggregate amount of the Dollar Term Commitments is $200,000,000. 

Dollar Term Facility: the Dollar Term Commitments and the Dollar Term Loans made thereunder. 

Dollar Term Lender: each Lender that has a Dollar Term Commitment or that holds a Dollar Term Loan. 

17 

Dollar Term Loan: as defined in Section 2.1 and
including any incremental Dollar Term Loans made pursuant to Section 2.23. 

Dollar Term Loan Maturity
Date: June 30, 2027. 

Dollar Term Percentage: as to any Dollar Term Lender at any time, the percentage
which such Lenders Dollar Term Commitment then constitutes of the aggregate Dollar Term Commitments (or, at any time after the Funding Date, the percentage which the aggregate principal amount of such Lenders Dollar Term Loans then
outstanding constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of all of the Dollar Term Loans then outstanding). 

Dollars
and $: dollars in lawful currency of the United States. 

Domestic Subsidiary: any Subsidiary of the
Borrower organized under the laws of any jurisdiction within the United States. 

EBITDA: for any fiscal period for any
Person, consolidated net income (or loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, calculated for such period on a consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP, excluding gains and losses from extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring items, acquisition costs for completed acquisitions, write-offs of straight-line rent related to sold assets, asset sales or write-ups/write-downs and
forgiveness of indebtedness. 

EEA Financial Institution: means (a) any credit institution or investment firm
established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition,
or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent; 

EEA Member Country: means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority: means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Electronic Signature: an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record
and adopted by a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 

Electronic System:
any electronic system, including e-mail,e-fax, Intralinks, ClearPar, Debt Domain, Syndtrak and any other
Internet or extranet-based site, whether such electronic system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender and any of its respective Lender-Related Persons or any other Person, providing for access to data
protected by passcodes or other security system and chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system. 

18 

Eligible Assignee: (a) a Lender or any Affiliate or Approved Fund of such
Lender, or (b) a bank, trust company, finance company, insurance company or any other Person that is regularly engaged in making, purchasing or investing in loans of a type similar to the Loans; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing,
Eligible Assignee shall not include (w) Holdings, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates, (x) any natural person, (y) any Defaulting Lender or (z) any Disqualified Institution. 

Eligible Property: a Property which satisfies all of the following requirements: (a)(x) such Property is wholly-owned
in fee simple or ground leased, directly or indirectly through one or more Subsidiaries, by the Borrower and (y) with respect to any Eligible Property that becomes a Secured Pool Property, the Property Owing Subsidiary which wholly-owns in fee
simple or ground leases such Property is held by any Person that is not an issuer of Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock; (b) the Property is located in the United States, Germany or the United Kingdom; (c) the Property is leased to a
tenant which is not subject to any Bankruptcy Event, (d) the Property is open and operating as a healthcare facility and (e) neither such Property nor the Capital Stock in respect of the Property Owning Subsidiary thereof or the PropCo GP
thereof is subject to any Lien that is not permitted under clause (iii) of the last paragraph of Section 7.3. 

Environmental Laws: any and all foreign, Federal, state, local or municipal laws, rules, orders, regulations, statutes,
ordinances, codes, decrees, requirements of any Governmental Authority or other Requirements of Law (including common law) regulating, relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning protection of human health or the
environment, as now or may at any time hereafter be in effect. 

ERISA: the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974, as amended from time to time. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule: means the
EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

EURIBOR Interpolated Rate: at any time, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros and for any
Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the EURIBOR Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate
that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the EURIBOR Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate is available for Euros) that is shorter than the Impacted EURIBOR Rate Interest Period; and
(b) the EURIBOR Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the EURIBOR Screen Rate is available for Euros) that exceeds the Impacted EURIBOR Rate Interest Period, in each case, at such time; provided that, if any EURIBOR Interpolated Rate
shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

EURIBOR Rate: with
respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros and for any Interest Period, the EURIBOR Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, two TARGET days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; provided

19 

that, if the EURIBOR Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted EURIBOR Rate Interest Period) with respect to Euros then the EURIBOR Rate
shall be the EURIBOR Interpolated Rate. 

EURIBOR Screen Rate: means the euro interbank offered rate administered by the
European Money Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant period displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page EURIBOR01 of the Thomson
Reuters screen (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate)] or on the appropriate page of such other information service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters as of the Specified Time on the
Quotation Day for such Interest Period. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate after consultation with the Borrower. 

Euro and : the single currency of the Participating Member States. 

Event of Default: any of the events specified in Section 8, provided that any requirement for the
giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 

Exchange Act: as defined in
Section 8(k). 

Excluded Swap Obligation: with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation
if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange
Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) (a) by virtue of such Guarantors failure for any reason to constitute an eligible
contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap
Obligation or (b) in the case of a Swap Obligation subject to a clearing requirement pursuant to Section 2(h) of the Commodity Exchange Act (or any successor provision thereto), because such Guarantor is a financial entity, as
defined in Section 2(h)(7)(C)(i) the Commodity Exchange Act (or any successor provision thereto), at the time the guarantee of such Subsidiary Guarantor becomes or would become effective with respect to such related Swap Obligation. If a Swap
Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. 

Excluded Taxes: any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted
from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or
having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a
Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter 

20 

of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an
assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.22) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.19, amounts with respect to
such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office,
(c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 2.19(f), (d) any U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA and (e) all Luxembourg stamp duty, stamp duty land tax,
registration or other similar Tax payable either upon a voluntary registration of a Loan Document where such registration is or was not required to create, protect, preserve, maintain, evidence, compel, perfect, enforce or otherwise assert the
rights of such Lender under a Loan Document or in respect of any assignment or transfer by such Lender of any of its rights and/or obligations under a Loan Document. 

Existing Credit Agreement: as defined in the recitals hereto. 

Exiting Lender: as defined in Section 10.18(a). 

Facility: each of (a) the Term Facility and (b) the Revolving Facility, and collectively, the
Facilities. 

Facility Fee: as defined in Section 2.8(b). 

Facility Fee Percentage: the rate per annum set forth in the Pricing Grids. 

FATCA: Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that
is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof (including any intergovernmental agreement implementing the foregoing) and any agreement entered into
pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 

Federal Funds Effective Rate: for any day, the rate calculated by the
NYFRB based on such days federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRBs Website from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as
the federal funds effective rate, provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Federal Reserve Board: the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

Fee Payment Date: the first Business Day following the last day of each March, June, September and December and the last
day of the Revolving Commitment Period. 

Fitch: Fitch, Inc. 

21 

Floor: the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement
initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted TIBOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, each
Local Rate or the Central Bank Rate, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the initial Floor for each of Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, Adjusted TIBOR Rate, each Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, each Local Rate or the Central Bank
Rate shall be 0%. 

Foreign Lender: (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and
(b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 

Foreign Subsidiary: any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 

Foreign Subsidiary Borrower: as defined in Section 10.22(a). 

Funding Date: the date on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.1 shall have been
satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 10.1). 

Funding Office: the office of the
Administrative Agent specified in Section 10.2 or such other office as may be specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its funding office by written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders. 

GAAP: generally accepted accounting principles in the United States as in effect from time to time, except that for
purposes of Section 7.1, GAAP shall be determined on the basis of such principles in effect on the date hereof and consistent with those used in the preparation of the most recent audited financial statements referred to in
Section 4.1(b). In the event that any Accounting Change (as defined below) shall occur and such change results in a change in the method of calculation of financial covenants, standards or terms in this
Agreement, then the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree to enter into negotiations in order to amend such provisions of this Agreement so as to reflect equitably such Accounting Changes with the desired result that the criteria for
evaluating the Borrowers financial condition shall be the same after such Accounting Changes as if such Accounting Changes had not been made. Until such time as such an amendment shall have been executed and delivered by the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, all financial covenants, standards and terms in this Agreement shall continue to be calculated or construed as if such Accounting Changes had not occurred. Accounting Changes refers to
changes in accounting principles required by the promulgation of any rule, regulation, pronouncement or opinion by the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants or, if applicable, the SEC.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, (i) with respect to the accounting for leases as either operating leases or capital
leases and the impact of such accounting in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 840 on the definitions and covenants herein, GAAP as in effect on the Closing Date shall be applied and (ii) Indebtedness of Holdings and its
Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 

22 

Governmental Authority: any nation or government, any state or other
political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government,
any securities exchange and any self-regulatory organization (including the National Association of Insurance Commissioners). 

Group Members: the collective reference to Holdings, the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries. 

Guarantee Agreement: the Guarantee Agreement to be executed and delivered by Holdings, the Borrower and any Subsidiary
Guarantor, substantially in the form of Exhibit A. 

Guarantee Obligation: as to any Person
(the guaranteeing person), any obligation, including a reimbursement, counterindemnity or similar obligation, of the guaranteeing Person that guarantees or in effect guarantees, or which is given to induce the creation of a separate
obligation by another Person (including any bank under any letter of credit) that guarantees or in effect guarantees, any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations (the primary obligations) of any other third Person (the
primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of the guaranteeing person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or
indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (1) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (2) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net
worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary
obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided, however, that the term Guarantee Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or
collection in the ordinary course of business, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or Disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement (other than
such obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee Obligation of any guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the lower of (a) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect
of which such Guarantee Obligation is made and (b) the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee Obligation, unless such primary obligation and the maximum
amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of such Guarantee Obligation shall be such guaranteeing persons maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as
determined by the Borrower in good faith. 

Guarantors: the collective reference to Holdings and any Subsidiary
Guarantors. 

Holdings: as defined in the preamble hereto. 

23 

Honor Date: as defined in Section 3.5. 

Immaterial Subsidiary: any Subsidiary of the Borrower that (x) does not directly or indirectly own or ground lease any
interest in a Secured Pool Property and (y) on a consolidated basis with its respective Subsidiaries and treated as if all such Subsidiaries and their respective Subsidiaries were combined and consolidated as a single Subsidiary, have an
aggregate net equity value of $75,000,000 or less. 

Impacted EURIBOR Rate Interest Period: has the meaning assigned to
such term in the definition of EURIBOR Rate. 

Impacted Local Rate Interest Period: as defined in the
definition of Local Rate. 

Increased Amount Date: as defined in Section 2.23(a).

Incremental Commitments: as defined in Section 2.23(a). 

Indebtedness: of any Person at any date, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money,
(b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than current trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of such Persons business), (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by
notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies
of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (e) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (f) all obligations of such Person, contingent or otherwise, as an
account party or applicant under or in respect of acceptances, letters of credit, surety bonds or similar arrangements, (g) the liquidation value of all mandatorily redeemable preferred Capital Stock of such Person, (h) all Guarantee
Obligations of such Person in respect of Indebtedness of others, (i) all obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above secured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right,
contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation, (j) all obligations under
so-called forward equity purchase contracts to the extent such obligations are not payable solely in equity interests, (k) all obligations in respect of any
so-called synthetic lease (i.e., a lease of property which is treated as an operating lease under GAAP and as a loan for U.S. income tax purposes) and (l) such obligors liabilities,
contingent or otherwise of the type set forth in (a) through (h) above, under any joint-venture, limited liability company or partnership agreement, and (m) all obligations of such Person in respect of Swap Agreements, valued at the Swap
Termination Value thereof. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such
Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the following
constitute Indebtedness: (i) purchase price holdbacks arising in the ordinary course of business in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warrants or other unperformed obligations of the seller of such

24 

asset, (ii) amounts owed to dissenting stockholders in connection with, or as a result of, their exercise of appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual,
contingent or potential) with respect thereto (including any accrued interest), (iii) trade accounts payable, deferred revenues, liabilities associated with customer prepayments and deposits and other accrued obligations (including transfer pricing
and accruals for payroll and other operating expenses accrued in the ordinary course of business), in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business, (iv) operating leases, (v) customary obligations under employment agreements and
deferred compensation, (vi) prepaid or deferred revenue and deferred tax liabilities, and (vii) contingent post-closing purchase price adjustments, non-compete or consulting obligations or earn-outs
to which the seller in an acquisition or Investment may become entitled. 

Indemnified Liabilities: as defined in
Section 10.5. 

Indemnified Taxes: (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with
respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a) hereof, Other Taxes. 

Indemnitee: as defined in Section 10.5. 

Initial Secured Pool Property means each Property listed on Schedule SP attached hereto as of the Amendment No. 3
Effective Date. 

Initial Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock: the Capital Stock of each Property Owning Subsidiary (or,
in the case of any Property Owning Subsidiary that is a limited partnership organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, of the PropCo GP thereof) in respect of which a Pledge Agreement was
executed by the Borrower or the Guarantors on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date. 

Insolvency: with respect to any
Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such Plan is insolvent within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. 

Insolvent: pertaining to a condition of Insolvency. 

Intellectual Property: the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property,
whether arising under United States, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including copyrights, copyright licenses, patents, patent licenses, trademarks, trademark licenses, technology, know-how and
processes, and all rights to sue at law or in equity for any infringement or other impairment thereof, including the right to receive all proceeds and damages therefrom. 

Interest Expense: for any fiscal period, an amount equal to the sum of the following with respect to all Total
Indebtedness: (i) total interest expense, accrued in accordance with GAAP, plus (ii) all capitalized interest determined in accordance with GAAP (including the Borrowers pro rata share thereof for its unconsolidated Subsidiaries and non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries), excluding, to the extent included in Interest Expense above, (A) the amount of such Interest Expense of any Subsidiary if the net income of such Subsidiary is excluded in
the 

25 

calculation of Net Operating Income (but only in the same proportion as the net income of such Subsidiary is excluded from the calculation of Net Operating Income), as determined on a
consolidated basis in conformity with GAAP and (B) (i) accretion of accrual of discounted liabilities not constituting Indebtedness, (ii) any expense resulting from the discounting of any outstanding Indebtedness in connection with the
application of purchase accounting in connection with any acquisition, (iii) amortization of deferred financing fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and expenses, (iv) any expensing of bridge, commitment or other financing fees
(but not revolving loan commitment fees, including, without limitation, any fees associated with the exercise of the option to increase the Commitments) and (v) any amount not payable in cash. 

Interest Payment Date: (a) as to any ABR Loan, the last day of each March, June, September and December to occur while such
Loan is outstanding and the final maturity date of such Loan, (b) as to any Term Benchmark Loan having an Interest Period of three months or less, the last day of such Interest Period, (c) as to any Term Benchmark Loan having an Interest
Period longer than three months, each day that is three months, or a whole multiple thereof, after the first day of such Interest Period and the last day of such Interest Period, (d) as to any RFR Loan (other than an RFR Loan denominated in
Dollars), each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month), (e) as
to any RFR Loan denominated in Dollars, the fifth (5th) Business Day of each calendar month for the preceding calendar month and (f) as to any Loan (other than any Revolving Loan that is an
ABR Loan), the date of any repayment or prepayment made in respect thereof. 

Interest Period: as to any Term Benchmark
Loan, (a) initially, the period commencing on the borrowing or conversion date, as the case may be, with respect to such Term Benchmark Loan and ending one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the
Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment for the Agreed Currency), as selected by the Borrower in its notice of borrowing or notice of conversion, as the case may be, given with respect thereto; and (b) thereafter, each period
commencing on the last day of the next preceding Interest Period applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan and ending one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower by irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent not later than
11:00 A.M., New York City time, on the date that is (x) three (3) Business Days prior to the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars and (y) four (4) Business Days prior to
the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies; provided that, all of the foregoing provisions relating to Interest Periods are subject to the following: 

(i) if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be
extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another calendar month in which event such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day; 

(ii) the Borrower may not select an Interest Period with respect to any Loan that would extend beyond the Revolving
Termination Date or the Term Loan Maturity Date, as applicable, for such Loan; 

26 

(iii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a
calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of a calendar month; 

(iv) the Borrower shall select Interest Periods so as not to require a payment or prepayment of any Term Benchmark Loan
during an Interest Period for such Loan; and 

(v) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to
Section 2.16(e) shall be available for specification in such notice of borrowing or notice of conversion. 

Investments: any advance, loan, extension of credit (by way of guaranty or otherwise) or capital contribution to, or any
purchase of any Capital Stock, bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities of, or any assets constituting a business unit of, or any other investment in, any Person. 

IRS: the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

Issuing Lender: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., KeyBank National Association, Barclays Bank PLC, Goldman
Sachs Bank USA and any other Lender that agrees to act as an Issuing Lender with the consent of the Borrower (in each case, through itself or one of its designated branch offices or affiliates), each in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of
Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as provided in Section 3.9. The Issuing Lender may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of the Issuing Lender, in
which case the term Issuing Lender shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the Issuing Lender shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant
Issuing Lender, each Issuing Lender or all Issuing Lenders, as the context may require. 

Issuing Lender Commitment:
with respect to each Issuing Lender, the commitment of such Issuing Lender to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. The initial amount of each Issuing Lenders Issuing Lender Commitment is set forth on Schedule 1.1C, or if an Issuing Lender
has entered into an Assignment and Assumption, the amount set forth for such Issuing Lender as its Issuing Lender Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. 

L/C Commitment: $130,000,000. 

L/C Exposure: at any time, the sum of the L/C Obligations at such time. Except to the extent that the L/C Exposure of a
Defaulting Lender has been reallocated in accordance with Section 2.24(c), the L/C Exposure of any Revolving Lender shall be its Revolving Percentage of the total L/C Exposure at such time. 

L/C Obligations: at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired Dollar
Equivalent amount of the then outstanding Letters of Credit and (b) the aggregate Dollar Equivalent amount of drawings under Letters of Credit that have not then been reimbursed pursuant to Section 3.5. 

27 

L/C Participants: the collective reference to all the Revolving Lenders
other than the Issuing Lender. 

Legal Reservations: 

(a) [reserved]; 

(b) the time barring of claims under applicable limitation laws, the possibility that an undertaking to assume liability for or
indemnify a person against non-payment of stamp duty may be void and defenses of set-off or counterclaim and similar principles or limitations under the laws of any
applicable jurisdiction; 

(c) [reserved]; 

(e) the principle that in certain circumstances security granted by way of fixed charge may be characterized as a floating charge or
that security purported to be constituted by way of an assignment may be recharacterized as a charge; 

(g) [reserved]; 

(i) similar principles, rights and defenses under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction. 

Lender Swap Agreement: any Swap Agreement that (i) was in effect on the Closing Date between a Loan Party and a
counterparty that is a Lender or the Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender or the Administrative Agent as of the Closing Date or (ii) is or was entered into after the Closing Date between a Loan Party and any counterparty that is a
Lender or the Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender or the Administrative Agent at the time such Swap Agreement is entered into, regardless, in the case of clause (i) and (ii), whether any such counterparty (a Qualified
Lender Counterparty) subsequently ceases to be a Lender or the Administrative Agent or an Affiliate of a Lender or the Administrative Agent. 

Lender-Related Person: as defined in Section 10.12(e). 

Lenders: as defined in the preamble hereto; provided, that unless the context otherwise requires, each reference herein to
the Lenders shall be deemed to include the Issuing Lenders and any Conduit Lender. 

Letters of Credit: as defined in
Section 3.1(a). Letters of Credit may be denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency. 

Liabilities: any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind. 

Lien: any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge
or other security interest or any preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any capital lease having
substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 

28 

Loan: any loan made by any Lender pursuant to this Agreement. 

Loan Documents: this Agreement, the Security Documents, the Notes, any Adherence Agreements, any Qualified Borrower
Guarantees, any document granting a Lien on cash collateral pursuant to Section 8, the fee agreements described in Section 2.8(b), and any amendment, waiver, supplement or other modification to any
of the foregoing. 

Loan Parties: Holdings, the Borrower (including any Subsidiary Borrowers) and any Subsidiary
Guarantors. 

Local Interpolated Rate: at any time, with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Non-Quoted Currency and for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the applicable Local Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which
determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the applicable Local Screen Rate for the longest period (for which such Local Screen
Rate is available for the applicable currency) that is shorter than the Impacted Local Rate Interest Period; and (b) the applicable Local Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which such Local Screen Rate is available for the applicable
currency) that exceeds the Impacted Local Rate Interest Period, in each case, at such time; provided that if any Local Interpolated Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Local Rate: with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in any
Non-Quoted Currency and for any Interest Period, the applicable Local Screen Rate; provided that if such Local Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted Local
Rate Interest Period) with respect to such Non-Quoted Currency, then the Local Rate shall be the Local Interpolated Rate. 

Local Screen Rates: for any day and time, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Non-Quoted Currency and for any Interest Period, the AUD Screen Rate. 

Luxembourg:
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 

Majority Facility Lenders: with respect to any Facility, the holders of more than 50%
of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loans or the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit, as the case may be, outstanding under such Facility (or, in the case of the Revolving Facility, prior to any termination of the Revolving
Commitments, the holders of more than 50% of the Total Revolving Commitments). 

Material Adverse Effect: a material
adverse effect on (a) the business, property, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or (b) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents
or the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or thereunder. 

29 

Materials of Environmental Concern: any gasoline or petroleum (including
crude oil or any fraction thereof) or petroleum products or any hazardous or toxic substances, materials or wastes, defined or regulated as such in or under any Environmental Law, including asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and urea-formaldehyde
insulation. 

Maximum Rate: as defined in Section 10.20. 

Maximum Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio: (i) during a Secured Pool Enhanced Ratio Period, solely for
purposes of Section 2.10(b)(i), 70.0% and (ii) at all other times and for all other purposes, 65.0%. 

Minimum Secured
Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio: (i) from the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date until the twelve month anniversary thereof, 1.15 to 1.00, and (ii) at all times thereafter, 1.30 to 1.00. 

Moodys: as defined in the definition of Cash Equivalents. 

Mortgage Notes: notes receivable of the Group Members which are secured by mortgage Liens on real estate and which are not
more than sixty (60) days past due or otherwise in payment default after giving effect to applicable cure periods that has resulted in the commencement of the exercise of remedies. 

Multiemployer Plan: a Plan that is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA and in respect of
which the Borrower or a Commonly Controlled Entity participates or is required to make contributions with respect thereto. 

Net
Cash Proceeds: (i) in connection with any issuance or sale of Capital Stock, the cash proceeds received from such issuance or incurrence, net of reasonable attorneys fees, customary investment banking fees, accountants fees,
underwriting discounts and commissions and other customary fees and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith and (ii) in connection with any Disposition or the incurrence of any Indebtedness, the cash proceeds received from such
consummated transaction net of the taxes, fees (including reasonable attorneys fees and accountants fees, and customary underwriting discounts, and commissions), reasonable and customary costs and expenses paid or payable in cash,
repayment of priority secured debt due and payable at consummation of the relevant transaction, and customary reserves established in connection with such consummated transaction. 

Net Operating Income (NOI): for any trailing four fiscal quarter period for which financial statements
have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(a) or (b) hereof, and with respect to any Real Property, the total rental and other operating income from the operation of such Real Property (including proceeds of rent loss or business
interruption insurance) after deducting all expenses and other proper charges incurred by the Group Members in connection with the operation of such Real Property during such fiscal period, including, without limitation, property

30 

operating expenses paid by a Group Member and real estate taxes and bad debt expenses paid by a Group Member, but before payment or provision for Total Fixed Charges, income taxes, and
depreciation, amortization, and other non-cash expenses of a Group Member, all as determined in accordance with GAAP. In the case of Real Property owned by Affiliates of the Borrower which are not wholly-owned
by the Borrower, Net Operating Income shall be reduced by the amount of cash flow of such Affiliate allocated for distribution to the other owners of such Affiliate. 

New Revolving Commitments: as defined in Section 2.23(a). 

New Revolving Lender: as defined in Section 2.23(a). 

New Term Commitments: as defined in Section 2.23(a). 

New Term Lender: as defined in Section 2.23(a). 

New Term Loan: as defined in Section 2.23(a). 

Non-Consenting Lender: means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver
or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. 

Non-Extension Notice Date: as defined in Section 3.1(a).

Non-Quoted Currency: means AUD. 

Non-U.S. Law Loan Documents: any Loan Document which by its terms is not governed
by the laws of the United States of America or any of its states. 

Nonrecourse Indebtedness: with respect to a Person,
Indebtedness for borrowed money (or the portion thereof) in respect of which recourse for payment (except for customary exceptions for fraud, misapplication of funds, environmental indemnities, violation of special purpose entity
covenants, bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar events and other similar exceptions to recourse liability until a claim is made with respect thereto, and then in the event of any such claim, only a portion of such Indebtedness in an
amount equal to the amount of such claim shall no longer constitute Nonrecourse Indebtedness for the period that such portion is subject to such claim) is contractually limited to specific assets of such Person encumbered by a Lien
securing such Indebtedness. 

Normalized Adjusted FFO: for any fiscal period, funds from operations (or
FFO) of the Group Members as defined in accordance with resolutions adopted by the Board of Governors of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts as in effect from time to time; provided that FFO shall (a) be based
on net income after payment of distributions to holders of preferred partnership units in the Borrower and distributions necessary to pay holders of preferred stock of Holdings and (b) at all times exclude (i) charges for impairment
losses, (ii) stock-based compensation, (iii) write-offs or reserves of straight-line rent related to sold assets, (iv) amortization of debt costs, (v) non-recurring charges and
(vi) any costs, fees and expenses related to acquisitions. 

31 

Notes: the collective reference to any promissory note evidencing Loans.

NYFRB: means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

NYFRB Rate: means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and
(b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day(or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term
NYFRB Rate means the rate for a Federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a Federal funds broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further,
that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

NYFRBs Website: the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

Obligations: the unpaid principal of and interest on (including interest accruing after the maturity of the Loans and
Reimbursement Obligations and interest accruing after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to the Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing or
post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding) the Loans and all other obligations and liabilities of the Borrower or any other Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due
or to become due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Letters of Credit, or any other document made, delivered or given in connection herewith or
therewith, whether on account of principal, interest, reimbursement obligations, fees, indemnities, costs, expenses (including all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender that are required to be paid
by the Borrower pursuant hereto) or otherwise; provided, however, that the definition of Obligations shall not create any guarantee by any Guarantor of (or grant of security interest by any Guarantor to support, as applicable) any
Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any Guarantor. 

Other Connection
Taxes: with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered,
become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan,
Letter of Credit or Loan Document). 

Other Taxes: all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible,
recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan
Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.22). 

32 

Overnight Bank Funding Rate: for any day, the rate comprised of both
overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on the NYFRBs Website from
time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate. 

Overnight
Rate: for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the NYFRB Rate and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the
Issuing Lenders, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

Parent: with
respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 

Participant: as
defined in Section 10.6(c)(i). 

Participant Register: as defined in
Section 10.6(c)(i). 

Participating Member States: any member state of the European Union that
has the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 

Patriot Act: as defined in Section 10.17. 

Payment: as defined in Section 9.6(c). 

Payment Notice: as defined in Section 9.6(c). 

PBGC: the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA (or any successor).

Person: an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company,
trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature. 

Plan: at
a particular time, any employee benefit plan that is covered by ERISA and in respect of which the Borrower or a Commonly Controlled Entity is at such time (or, if such plan were terminated at such time, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be
deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

Plan Asset Regulations: 29 CFR 2510.3-101et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 

Pledge Agreement: each Pledge Agreement (as defined in the Amendment No. 3), executed and delivered by the Borrower
and any Subsidiary Guarantor, substantially in the form of Exhibit I-I, Exhibit I-II, Exhibit
I-III, Exhibit I-IV or Exhibit I-V, as applicable, and any other pledge agreement or share charge reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent entered into from time to time by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in accordance with Section 6.14. 

33 

Pledgor: the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor that is party to a
Pledge Agreement as a pledgor, grantor, chargor or similar title thereunder, in each case in its capacity as such. 

Pricing
Grids: the tables set forth below (the Ratings Based Pricing Grids). 

For Revolving Loans 

Range of Credit Ratings

(S&P/Moodys/ Fitch Ratings) Facility Fee

Percentage

(% per annum) 

A-/A3 or higher 0.125 % 

BBB+/Baa1 0.15 % 

BBB/Baa2 0.20 % 

BBB-/Baa3 0.25 % 

below BBB-/Baa3 or unrated 0.30 % 

For purposes of the Ratings Based Pricing Grids, if at any time the Borrower has two (2) Credit Ratings,
the Facility Fee Percentage shall be the rate per annum applicable to the highest Credit Rating; provided that if the highest Credit Rating and the lowest Credit Rating are more than one ratings category apart, the Facility Fee Percentage shall be
the rate per annum applicable to Credit Rating that is one ratings category below the highest Credit Rating. If at any time the Borrower has three (3) Credit Ratings, and such Credit Ratings are split, then: (A) if the difference between
the highest and the lowest such Credit Ratings is one ratings category (e.g. Baa2 by Moodys and BBB- by S&P or Fitch), the Facility Fee Percentage shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable
if the highest of the Credit Ratings were used; and (B) if the difference between such Credit Ratings is two ratings categories (e.g. Baa1 by Moodys and BBB- by S&P or Fitch) or more, the
Facility Fee Percentage shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the average of the two (2) highest Credit Ratings were used, provided that if such average is not a recognized rating category, then the Facility Fee Percentage
shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the second highest Credit Rating of the three were used. If at any time the Borrower has only one Credit Rating (and such Credit Rating is from Moodys or S&P), the Facility Fee
Percentage shall be the rate per annum applicable to such Credit Rating. If the Borrower does not have a Credit Rating from either Moodys or S&P, the Facility Fee Percentage shall be the rate per annum applicable to a Credit Rating of
below BBB-/Baa3 or unrated in the tables above. 

A change (if any) in the Facility Fee
Percentage shall be effective immediately as of the date on which any of the rating agencies announces a change in the Credit Rating or the date on which the Borrower no longer has a Credit Rating from one of the rating agencies or the date on which
the Borrower has a Credit Rating from a rating agency that had not provided a Credit Rating for the Borrower on the day immediately preceding such date, whichever is applicable. 

34 

Prime Rate: the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal
as the Prime Rate in the U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest
Rates) as the bank prime loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the
Administrative Agent). Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 

Projections: as defined in Section 6.2(b). 

PropCo GP: the general partner that is a direct parent of, and a direct holder of Capital Stock of, a Property Owning
Subsidiary that is a limited partnership organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia; provided that, such general partner shall not constitute a PropCo GP unless 100% of the Capital
Stock of the underlying Property Owning Subsidiary that is not directly held by such general partner is directly held by Pledgor. 

Properties or Property: as defined in Section 4.17(a). 

Property Owning Subsidiary: a Subsidiary of the Borrower that owns or ground leases any Real Property that is (or has been
designated in writing by the Borrower to be) a Secured Pool Property. 

Property Release: as defined in
Section 10.14(c). 

Protesting Lender: as defined in
Section 10.22(a). 

PTE: a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S.
Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 

QFC Credit Support: as defined in
Section 10.23. 

Qualified Borrower Guarantee: a Qualified Borrower Guarantee substantially in
the form of Exhibit H executed and delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in connection with the admission of a Subsidiary Borrower as a Borrower hereunder. 

Qualified Lender Counterparty: as defined in the definition of Lender Swap Agreement. 

Quotation Day: with respect to any borrowing of Term Benchmark Loans for any Interest Period, (i) if the currency is
AUD, the first day of such Interest Period, (ii) if the currency is Euros, two TARGET Days before the first day of such Interest Period, and (iii) if the currency is Dollars, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such
Interest Period, 

35 

unless, in each case, market practice differs in the relevant market where the Local Rate, Term SOFR Rate or the EURIBOR Rate, as applicable, for such currency is to be determined, in which case
the Quotation Day will be determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with market practice in such market (and if quotations would normally be given on more than one day, then the Quotation Day will be the last of those days). 

Ratings Based Pricing Grids: as defined in the definition of Pricing Grids. 

Real Property: any real property owned or ground-leased by a Group Member. 

Recipient: (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Lender, as applicable. 

Recourse Indebtedness: any Indebtedness that is not Nonrecourse Indebtedness. 

Reference Time: with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR
Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (2) if such Benchmark is EURIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. Brussels time two TARGET Days preceding the date of such setting, (3) if such
Benchmark is TIBOR Rate, 11:00 a.m. Japan time two Business Days preceding the date of such setting, (4) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SONIA, then four Business Days prior to such setting, (5) if the RFR for such Benchmark is SARON,
then five Business Days prior to such setting, (6) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Effective SOFR, then the next Business Day after such setting or (7) if such Benchmark is none of the Term SOFR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate, the TIBOR
Rate, SONIA, SARON or Daily Effective SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Register: as defined in Section 10.6(b)(iv). 

Regulation U: Regulation U of the Board as in effect from time to time. 

Reimbursement Obligation: the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the Issuing Lender pursuant to
Section 3.5 for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit. 

REIT: a domestic trust or corporation
that qualifies as a real estate investment trust under the provisions of 856, et. seq. of the Code or any successor provisions. 

Related Parties: with respect to any specified Person, such Persons Affiliates and the respective directors,
officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Persons Affiliates. 

Relevant Governmental Body:
(i) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, as applicable, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve
Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto, (ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Sterling, the Bank of England, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of England
or, in each case, any 

36 

successor thereto, (iii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Euros, the European Central Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the
European Central Bank or, in each case, any successor thereto, (iv) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Yen, the Bank of Japan, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan or, in
each case, any successor thereto, (v) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in CHF, the Swiss National Bank, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Swiss National Bank or, in each case, any
successor thereto, and (vi) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any other currency, (a) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or
other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (1) the
central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such
Benchmark Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 

Relevant Rate: (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate,
(ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, (iv) with respect to any Term Benchmark
Borrowing denominated in a Non-Quoted Currency, the applicable Local Rate or (v) with respect to any Borrowing denominated in Sterling, CHF or Dollars, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, as applicable. 

Relevant Screen Rate: (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Reference
Rate, (ii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, (iii) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen, the TIBOR Screen Rate or (iv) with respect to any Term
Benchmark Borrowing denominated in a Non-Quoted Currency, the applicable Local Screen Rate, as applicable. 

Reorganization: with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such plan is in reorganization within the
meaning of Section 4241 of ERISA. 

Reportable Event: any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA,
other than those events as to which the thirty (30) day notice period is waived under subsections .27, .28, .29, .30, .31, .32, .34 or .35 of PBGC Reg. 4043. 

Required Lenders: at any time, subject to Section 2.24(b), the holders of more than fifty percent
(50%) of the sum of (a) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loans plus (b) the Total Revolving Commitments then in effect or, if the Revolving Commitments have been terminated, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit then
outstanding. 

Requirement of Law: as to any Person, the Certificate of Incorporation and
By-Laws or other organizational or governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule 

37 

or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person
or any of its property is subject. 

Resolution Authority: an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK
Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer: the chief executive officer, president, chief
financial officer, chief operating officer, managing director, controller, treasurer, vice president or secretary of Holdings, the sole member of the general partner of the Borrower, but in any event, with respect to financial matters, the chief
financial officer or controller of Holdings, the sole member of the general partner of the Borrower. 

Restricted
Payments: as defined in Section 7.6. 

Reuters: means, as applicable, Thomson
Reuters Corp., Refinitiv, or any successor thereto. 

Revaluation Date: (a) with respect to any Loan, each of the
following: (i) each date of a borrowing of a Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) (A) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, each date of a continuation of a Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency pursuant to
Section 2.12 and (B) with respect to any RFR Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, each date that is one month after the borrowing of such Loan, and (iii) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent
shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require; and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following: (i) each date of issuance of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of an
amendment of any such Letter of Credit having the effect of increasing the amount thereof, (iii) each date of any payment by the Issuing Lender under any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, and (iv) such additional
dates as the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. 

Revolving
Commitment: as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender, if any, to make Revolving Loans and participate in Letters of Credit in an aggregate principal and/or face amount not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading
Revolving Commitment opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 1.1A as of the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender became a party hereto, as the same may be
changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof, including Section 2.23. The Total Revolving Commitments as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date are $1,280,000,000. 

Revolving Commitment Period: the period from and including the Funding Date to the Revolving Termination Date. 

Revolving Commitment Utilization Percentage: on any date, the percentage equal to a fraction (a) the numerator of
which is the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit and (b) the denominator of which is the Total Revolving Commitments. 

38 

Revolving Extensions of Credit: as to any Revolving Lender at any time,
an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate Dollar Equivalent principal amount of all Revolving Loans held by such Lender then outstanding and (b) such Lenders Revolving Percentage of the L/C Obligations then outstanding. 

Revolving Facility: the Revolving Commitments and the Loans and extensions of credit made thereunder made thereunder. 

Revolving Lender: each Lender that has a Revolving Commitment or that holds Revolving Loans. 

Revolving Loans: as defined in Section 2.4(a). 

Revolving Percentage: as to any Revolving Lender at any time, the percentage which such Lenders Revolving Commitment
then constitutes of the Total Revolving Commitments; provided that in the case of Section 2.24 when a Defaulting Lender which is a Revolving Lender shall exist, Revolving Percentage shall mean the percentage
which such Lenders Revolving Commitment then constitutes of the Total Revolving Commitment (disregarding any Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitment). With respect to any Revolving Lender whose Revolving Commitments shall have expired or
terminated, Revolving Percentage shall mean the percentage which the aggregate principal amount of such Lenders Revolving Loans then outstanding constitutes of the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Loans then outstanding,
provided, that, in the event that the Revolving Loans are paid in full prior to the reduction to zero of the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit, the Revolving Percentages shall be determined in a manner designed to ensure that the other
outstanding Revolving Extensions of Credit shall be held by the Revolving Lenders on a comparable basis. 

Revolving Termination
Date: June 30, 2026, subject to extension as provided in Section 2.25. 

RFR:
for any RFR Loan denominated in (a) Sterling, SONIA, (b) CHF, SARON and (c) Dollars, Daily Effective SOFR. 

RFR
Administrator: the SONIA Administrator, the SARON Administrator or the SOFR Administrator. 

RFR Borrowing: as
to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. 

RFR Business Day: for any Loan denominated in
(a) Sterling, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which banks are closed for general business in London, (b) CHF, any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day
on which banks are closed for the settlement of payments and foreign exchange transactions in Zurich and (c) Dollars, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

RFR Interest Day: has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple RFR. 

39 

RFR Loan: a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted
Daily Simple RFR. 

RIDEA: REIT Investment Diversification and Empowerment Act of 2007, as amended. 

S&P: as defined in the definition of Cash Equivalents. 

Sanctioned Country: at any time, a country, region or territory which is the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the
time of this Agreement, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea
and Syria). 

Sanctioned Person: at any time, (a) any Person described in any Sanctions-related Executive Order or
list of designated Persons maintained or enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any EU member state, His
Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described
in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b). 

Sanctions: economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed,
administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations
Security Council, the European Union, any EU member state, His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other relevant sanctions authority. 

SARON: with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Business Day
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrators Website. 

SARON Administrator: the SIX Swiss
Exchange AG (or any successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight). 

SARON Administrators Website:
SIX Swiss Exchange AGs website, currently at https://www.six-group.com, or any successor source for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight identified as such by the SARON Administrator from time to time. 

Screen Rate: the Term SOFR Reference Rate, the EURIBOR Screen Rate, and the Local Screen Rates, collectively and
individually as the context may require. 

SEC: the Securities and Exchange Commission, any successor thereto and any
analogous Governmental Authority. 

Secured Debt Reserve: as defined in Section 7.1(c). 

40 

Secured Indebtedness: the portion of Total Indebtedness which is secured
by a Lien on any Real Property, personal property, Capital Stock or other assets. 

Secured Leverage Ratio: as defined
in Section 7.1(c). 

Secured Parties means the Administrative Agent, each Lender, each Issuing
Bank and each Qualified Lender Counterparty. 

Secured Pool Debt: as defined in Section 7.3.

Secured Pool Enhanced Ratio Period: as defined in Section 2.10(b)(i). 

Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio: at any time of determination, the ratio of (i) Secured Pool NOI to
(ii) Secured Pool First Lien Interest Expense, in each case for the preceding four fiscal quarter period for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(a) or (b) hereof. 

Secured Pool First Lien Debt: as defined in Section 7.3. 

Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio: at any time of determination, the ratio of (i) the aggregate
principal amount of Secured Pool First Lien Debt (calculated assuming that the Revolving Commitment Utilization Percentage hereunder is equal to 100%, but excluding for purposes of such calculation any Obligations in respect of Cash Management
Services) at such time to (ii) the Borrowing Base at such time, in each case (x) as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter or fiscal year for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(a)
or (b) and (y) after giving effect to the applicable transaction or transactions with respect to which such determination is being made. 

Secured Pool First Lien Interest Expense: for any fiscal period, an amount equal to the sum of the following with respect
to all Secured Pool First Lien Debt: (i) total interest expense actually paid (or due and payable) in cash during such fiscal period and (ii) Facility Fees actually paid (or due and payable) in cash during such fiscal period,
excluding, to the extent included in Secured Pool First Lien Interest Expense above, (x) any amounts attributable to fees or other payments not constituting payment of interest or Facility Fees as set forth in the applicable
documentation with respect to such Secured Pool First Lien Debt and (y) any amount not paid (or due and payable) in cash during such fiscal period; provided that, prior to the first anniversary of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date,
the Secured Pool First Lien Interest Expense shall be calculated on an annualized basis by taking the aggregate amounts in respect of clauses (i) and (ii) above for the period commencing on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, dividing by
the number of days elapsed after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date until such date of determination, and multiplied by 365. 

Secured Pool First Lien Funded Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio: at any time of determination, the ratio of (i) the
aggregate principal amount of Secured Pool First Lien Debt outstanding as of such time (calculated utilizing the actual Revolving Commitment Utilization Percentage hereunder, but excluding for purposes of such calculation any Obligations in respect

41 

of Cash Management Services) at such time to (ii) the Borrowing Base at such time, in each case (x) as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter or fiscal year for which
financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.1(a) or (b) and (y) after giving effect to the applicable transaction or transactions with respect to which such determination is being made. 

Secured Pool Junior Lien Debt: as defined in Section 7.3. 

Secured Pool NOI: the sum of the Adjusted NOIs with respect to each Real Property that is a Secured Pool Property,
calculated as of any date of determination; provided that, in the event that any Secured Pool Property has been subject to a lease for which rent has commenced for less than one fiscal year, the Secured Pool NOI attributable to such property
shall be calculated on an annualized basis by taking the Adjusted NOI of such Secured Pool Property commencing on the date of such commencement, dividing by the number of days elapsed after such commencement until such date of determination, and
multiplied by 365. 

Secured Pool Properties: collectively, (i) each Initial Secured Pool Property and (b) each other
Property added as a Secured Pool Property from time to time pursuant to Section 6.14(a) in respect of which the Secured Pool Property Collateral Requirement has been satisfied (each such Property, an Additional Secured Pool
Property). For the avoidance of doubt, no Property that has been released pursuant to a Property Release in accordance with Section 10.14 shall constitute a Secured Pool Property. 

Secured Pool Property Addition: as defined in Section 6.14(a). 

Secured Pool Property Collateral Requirement: with respect to any Secured Pool Property or prospective Secured Pool
Property, (A) the provision of a Pledge Agreement evidencing the first priority Lien (subject only to Liens that are permitted under clause (iii) of the last paragraph of Section 7.3 and Liens securing other
Secured Pool First Lien Debt that are permitted to be pari passu to the Liens securing the Obligations) of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in 100% of the Capital Stock of each Subsidiary that owns or ground leases any
interest in such Secured Pool Property (other than directors qualifying shares required by law); provided that, in the case of any such Subsidiary that is a limited partnership organized under the laws of the United States of America,
any State thereof or the District of Columbia, the Secured Pool Property Collateral Requirement shall be satisfied by the provision of a Pledge Agreement evidencing the first priority Lien (subject only to Liens that are permitted under
clause (iii) of the last paragraph of Section 7.3 and Liens securing other Secured Pool First Lien Debt that are permitted to be pari passu to the Liens securing the Obligations) of the Administrative Agent, on behalf
of the Secured Parties, in both (a) 100% of the Capital Stock of each Subsidiary that owns or ground leases any interest in such Secured Pool Property that is owned by the direct parent Pledgor of such Subsidiary (other than directors
qualifying shares required by law) and (b) 100% of the Capital Stock of the PropCo GP of such Subsidiary that owns or ground leases any interest in such Secured Pool Property that is owned by the direct parent Pledgor of such PropCo GP (other
than directors qualifying shares required by law), which in the aggregate under clauses (a) and (b), constitutes the direct and indirect ownership of 100% of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary that owns or ground leases any interest in
such Secured Pool Property (other than directors qualifying shares required by law) and (B) in the case of any Secured Pool Property of 

42 

any Property Owning Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, the provision of a Uniform Commercial Code
financing statement (or an amendment to an existing Uniform Commercial Code financing statement, as applicable) in accordance with Section 1(b) of the Pledge Agreement. 

Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock: collectively, (i) the Initial Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock and (ii) any
Additional Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock. 

Secured Pool Property Sale means a sale of any Secured Pool Property
or the Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock of any Person that owns or ground leases any interest in any Secured Pool Property, in each case, to an unaffiliated third party purchaser. 

Security Documents means the Guarantee Agreement, the Pledge Agreements, any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and each
other pledge agreement, security agreement or other instrument or document executed and delivered by any Loan Party pursuant to any of the foregoing or pursuant to Section 6.14. 

Single Employer Plan: any Plan that is covered by Title IV of ERISA, but that is not a Multiemployer Plan. 

SOFR: a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator: the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR Administrators Website: the NYFRBs Website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor
source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

SOFR
Determination Date: has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Effective SOFR. 

SOFR Rate
Day: has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Effective SOFR. 

Solvent: when used
with respect to any Person, means that, as of any date of determination, (a) the amount of the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, exceed the amount of all liabilities of such
Person, contingent or otherwise, as of such date, as such quoted terms are determined in accordance with applicable federal and state laws governing determinations of the insolvency of debtors, (b) the present fair saleable value of the
assets of such Person will, as of such date, be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the liability of such Person on its debts as such debts become absolute and matured, (c) such Person will not have, as of such date, an
unreasonably small amount of capital with which to conduct its business, and (d) such Person will be able to pay its debts as they mature. For purposes of this definition, (i) debt means liability on a claim, and (ii)
claim means any (x) right to payment, whether or not such a right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, 

43 

contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured or unsecured or (y) right to an equitable remedy for breach of performance if such breach gives rise to a
right to payment, whether or not such right to an equitable remedy is reduced to judgment, fixed, contingent, matured or unmatured, disputed, undisputed, secured or unsecured. 

SONIA: with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business
Day published by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrators Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 

SONIA Administrator: the Bank of England (or any successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average). 

SONIA Administrators Website: the Bank of Englands website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any
successor source for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time. 

Specified Change of Control: a Change of Control or Designated Event (or any other defined term
having a similar purpose) as defined in any Additional Senior Unsecured Indentures. 

Specified Time: (i) in relation to
a Loan in AUD, as of 11:00 A.M., Sydney, Australia time; and (ii) in relation to a Loan in Euros, 11:00 A.M. Brussels time. 

Statutory Reserve Rate: a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator
of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentages (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board or other applicable governmental body to which
the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the TIBOR Rate or the EURIBOR Rate, as applicable, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency Liabilities in Regulation D of the Board). Such reserve
percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to such Regulation D or any comparable regulation. Term Benchmark Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or
credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under such Regulation D or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date
of any change in any reserve percentage. 

Sterling and GBP: the lawful currency of the United
Kingdom. 

Subsidiary: as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which
shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of the board of directors or other
managers of such corporation, partnership or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person and, in respect of any entity
incorporated or established in Jersey, means a subsidiary within the meaning of articles 2 and 2A of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries in this
Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 

44 

Subsidiary Borrower: as defined in
Section 10.22(a). 

Subsidiary Guarantor: (i) each Subsidiary of the Borrower that provides a
Guarantee Agreement (or joinder thereto) in accordance with Section 6.10(a), including, as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, MPT Springstone REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation, MPT UK Holdings Limited, a private
limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registered number 14819738, MPT UK Property Holdings Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with registered number 14819145 and MPT
MEDIAN Holdings S..r.l., a private limited liability company (socit responsabilit limite) incorporated in Luxembourg,
having its registered office at 25, rue Philippe II, L-2340 Luxembourg, and registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number B224727 and (ii) each other Subsidiary of the Borrower
which has entered into a Guarantee Agreement as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, in each case which has not been released in accordance with the terms hereof. 

Supported QFC: as defined in Section 10.23. 

Sustainability Structuring Agent: the financial institution listed as Sustainability Structuring Agent on the
cover page of this Agreement together with its successors in such capacity. 

Swap Agreement: any agreement with respect
to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing
indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by
current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. 

Swap Obligations: with respect to any Person, any and all obligations of such Person, whether absolute or contingent and
howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any and all Swap Agreements, and (b) any and all cancellations, buy
backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Swap Agreement transaction, including any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the
Commodity Exchange Act. 

Swap Termination Value: in respect of any one or more Swap Agreements, after taking into
account the effect of any netting agreements relating to such Swap Agreements (to the extent, and only to the extent, such netting agreements are legally enforceable in a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding against the applicable counterparty
obligor thereunder), (i) for any date on or after the date such Swap Agreements have been closed out and termination value(s) determined 

45 

in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (ii) for any date prior to the date referenced in preceding clause (i), the amount(s) determined as the
mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Agreements, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available
quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Agreements (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 

Syndication Agent: as defined in the preamble hereto. 

T2: means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 

TARGET Day: means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 

Taxes: all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding),
assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax, fines or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term Benchmark: when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such
Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate or the Local Rate. 

Term Benchmark Tranche: the collective reference to Term Benchmark Loans the then current Interest Periods with respect to
all of which begin on the same date and end on the same later date (whether or not such Loans shall originally have been made on the same day). 

Term Commitments: as to any Lender, its Dollar Term Commitment. 

Term Facility: the Dollar Term Facility. 

Term Loan Maturity Date: the Dollar Term Loan Maturity Date. 

Term Loans: the Dollar Term Loans. 

Term Percentage: the Dollar Term Percentage. 

Term SOFR Determination Day: has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. 

Term SOFR Rate: with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the
applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is
published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. 

46 

Term SOFR Reference Rate: for any day and time (such day, the Term
SOFR Determination Day), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Dollars and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term
rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date
with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day
for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 

TIBOR Rate: with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing denominated in Yen and for any Interest Period, the TIBOR Screen
Rate two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 

TIBOR Screen Rate: the Tokyo interbank
offered rate administered by the Ippan Shadan Hojin JBA TIBOR Administration (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for the relevant currency and period displayed on page DTIBOR01 of the Reuters screen (or, in the
event such rate does not appear on such Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate as selected by the
Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) as published at approximately 1:00 p.m. Japan time two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. 

Total Asset Value: an amount equal to the sum of (a) Undepreciated Real Estate Assets plus (b) the book value of
all other assets (excluding non-real estate intangibles) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date of determination on a consolidated basis determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Total EBITDA: for any fiscal period, total EBITDA of the Group Members and the Borrowers pro rata share of EBITDA of
its non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. 

Total Fixed Charges: for any fiscal period,
an amount equal to the sum of (i) Interest Expense, (ii) regularly scheduled installments of principal payable with respect to all Total Indebtedness (but excluding any balloon bullet, or similar payments due at maturity and principal
payments with respect to intercompany Indebtedness between the Borrower and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries), plus (iii) all dividend payments due to the holders of any preferred shares of beneficial interest of Holdings and all distributions due
to the holders of any limited partnership interests in the Borrower other than (a) limited partner distributions based on the per share dividend paid on the common shares of beneficial interest of Holdings (including the Borrowers pro
rata share thereof for unconsolidated Subsidiaries and joint ventures), (b) redemption payments or charges in connection with the redemption of preferred Capital Stock and (c) dividends or distributions paid or payable to the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries. 

47 

Total Indebtedness: all Indebtedness of the Group Members and the
Borrowers pro rata share of all Indebtedness of its non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. 

Total Leverage Ratio: as defined in Section 7.1(a). 

Total Revolving Commitments: at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Commitments then in effect. 

Total Revolving Extensions of Credit: at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Extensions of Credit of the
Revolving Lenders outstanding at such time. 

Transferee: any Assignee or Participant. 

Type: when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans
comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, the Local Rate, or the ABR. 

UK Financial Institutions: any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to
time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain
credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution
Authority: the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement: the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement
Adjustment. 

Undepreciated Real Estate Assets: as of any date, the cost (being the original cost to the Borrower or its
Subsidiaries plus capital improvements) of real estate assets and related intangibles of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on such date, before depreciation and amortization of such real estate assets, determined on a consolidated basis in
conformity with GAAP. 

United States: the United States of America. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day: any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. Person: a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

U.S. Special Resolution Regime: as defined in Section 10.23. 

48 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate: as defined in
Section 2.19(f)(ii)(B)(3). 

Wholly Owned Subsidiary: as to any Person, any other Person all
of the Capital Stock of which (other than directors qualifying shares required by law) is owned by such Person directly and/or through other Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers: (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of
such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel,
reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any
other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that
Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

Yen and JPY: the lawful currency of Japan. 

SECTION 1.2Other Definitional Provisions. (a) Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this
Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in the other Loan Documents or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto. 

(b) As used herein and in the other Loan Documents, and any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto,
(i) accounting terms relating to any Group Member not defined in Section 1.1 and accounting terms partly defined in Section 1.1, to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings
given to them under GAAP, (ii) the words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation, (iii) the word incur shall be construed to
mean incur, create, issue, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist (and the words incurred and incurrence shall have correlative meanings), (iv) the words asset and property shall be
construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, Capital Stock, securities, revenues, accounts, leasehold interests and contract rights, and (v) references
to agreements or other Contractual Obligations shall, unless otherwise specified, be deemed to refer to such agreements or Contractual Obligations as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 

(c) The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement,
shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 

(d) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. 

49 

SECTION 1.3Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents. (a) The
Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender, as applicable, shall determine the rate of exchange as of each Revaluation Date to be used for calculating Dollar Equivalent amounts of Loans and Letters of Credit denominated in Alternative Currencies.
Such rate of exchange shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the rate of exchange employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of
financial statements delivered by Loan Parties hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such
Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender, as applicable. 

(b) Wherever in this
Agreement in connection with a borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of a Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such
borrowing, Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit
being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be. 

(c) The Administrative
Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of Term SOFR Rate,
EURIBOR Rate, TIBOR Rate, Daily Simple RFR, or Local Rate or with respect to any comparable or successor rate thereto. 

SECTION 1.4Additional Alternative Currencies. (a) The Borrower may from time to time request that Loans be made
and/or Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of Alternative Currency; provided that such requested currency is a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is readily available
and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans and RFR Loans, for which Reuters (or a successor thereto, or a substitute service selected by the Administrative Agent) reports a Relevant Rate. In the
case of any such request with respect to the making of Loans, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and all of the Lenders; and in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit,
such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and all of the Lenders. 

(b) Any such
request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 A.M., twenty (20) Business Days prior to the date of the desired Loan or Letter of Credit (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and, in
the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Issuing Lender, in its or their sole discretion). In the case of any such request pertaining to Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender thereof; and in the
case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Issuing Lender thereof. Each Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to Loans) or the Issuing Lender (in the case of a request
pertaining to Letters of Credit) shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11:00 A.M., ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Loans or the issuance of
Letters of Credit, as the case may be, in such requested currency. 

50 

(c) Any failure by a Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, to respond to
such request within the time period specified in the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Lender or the Issuing Lender, as the case may be, to permit Loans to be made or Letters of Credit to be issued in such requested
currency. If the Administrative Agent and all the Lenders consent to making Loans in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative
Currency hereunder for purposes of any borrowings of Loans; and if the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Lender consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and
such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Letter of Credit issuances. If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under
this Section 1.4, the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Borrower. 

SECTION
1.5Change of Currency. (a) Each obligation of the Borrower to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro as its lawful currency after the date hereof
shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption. If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that currency shall be inconsistent with any
convention or practice in the London interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from the date on which such member state adopts the
Euro as its lawful currency; provided that if any borrowing in the currency of such member state is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect, with respect to such borrowing, at the end of the then current
Interest Period. 

(b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the
Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro. 

(c) Each provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may
from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency. 

SECTION 1.6Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern
time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 

SECTION 1.7Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified herein,
the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms, provides
for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount 

51 

thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether
or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 

SECTION 1.8Interest Rates; Benchmark Notification. The
interest rate on a Loan denominated in dollars or an Alternative Currency may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a
Benchmark Transition Event, Section 2.16 provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability
with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof, including without
limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the existing interest rate being replaced or have the
same volume or liquidity as did any existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any
interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may
select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement,
and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract
or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

SECTION 1.9Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division
under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed
to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized and acquired on the first date of its existence by the holders of
its Capital Stock at such time. 

SECTION 1.10Luxembourg Terms. In this Agreement and any other Loan Documents, where
it relates to an entity incorporated or established in Luxembourg, a reference to: (a) winding up, administration, reorganization or dissolution includes, without limitation, a Luxembourg entity being declared bankrupt (faillite
dclare), being subject to liquidation judiciaire, a suspension of payments (sursis de paiement), a general settlement with creditors, an out-of- court restructuring (rorganisation par accord amiable) or in court restructuring (rorganisation judiciaire) under the Luxembourg law dated 7 August
2023 on business continuity and the modernisation of bankruptcy, an administrative dissolution without liquidation procedure (procdure de dissolution administrative sans liquidation), or a voluntary dissolution or
liquidation (dissolution ou liquidation volontaire) (c) an agent includes, without limitation, a 

52 

mandataire; (d) a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, conservator, custodian, trustee in bankruptcy, court appointed liquidator or similar officeholder, without
limitation, a juge dlgu, commissaire, juge-commissaire, liquidateur, expert vrificateur, conciliateur dentreprise, mandataire de justice,
or administrateur provisoire appointed under the Luxembourg law dated 7 August 2023 on business continuity and the modernisation of bankruptcy, or curateur or any other person performing the same function of each of the foregoing;
(e) an amount that is due and/or payable includes, without limitation, any obligation that is exigible, certaine and liquide; (f) a lien, security or security interest includes, without limitation, any
hypothque, nantissement, privilge, accord de transfert de proprit titre de garantie, gage, gage sur fonds de commerce, droit de
rtention and any type of security in rem (sret relle) or agreement or arrangement having a similar effect and any transfer of title by way of security,
and shares includes parts sociales; (g) a person being insolvent means that person being in a state of inability to pay its debts includes, without limitation, that person being in a state of cessation of payments (cessation des
paiements) and having lost or meeting the criteria to lose its commercial creditworthiness (branlement de crdit); (i) a set-off includes a legal set-off; (j) Constituent Documents includes its up-to-date (as amended, restated or amended and restated) articles of association
(statuts or statuts coordonns, as the case may be), limited partnership agreement or partnership agreement; (k) a director, officer or manager includes a grant or an
administrateur or, in case of a partnership, the general partner (associ commandit) of such partnership and any director or manager of such general partner and (l) references to a Luxembourg
special limited partnership (socit en commandite spciale) taking any action or having any power or authority are to such partnership acting through and represented by its
managing general partner (associs grant commandit). 

SECTION
1.11Jersey Terms. In this Agreement and any other Loan Documents, where it relates to an entity incorporated or established in Jersey, a reference to: (a) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with any creditor,
winding up, liquidation, administration, re-organisation, dissolution, insolvency event or insolvency includes, without limitation, bankruptcy (as that term is interpreted pursuant to Article 8 of the
Interpretation (Jersey) Law 1954), a compromise or arrangement of the type referred to in Article 125 of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 and any procedure or process referred to in Part 21 of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, (b) a
liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or the like includes, without limitation, the Viscount of the Royal Court of Jersey,
Autoriss or any other person performing the same function of each of the foregoing, (c) Security or a security interest includes, without limitation, any hypothque whether conventional,
judicial or arising by the operation of law and any security interest created pursuant to the Security Interests (Jersey) Law 1983 or Security Interests (Jersey) Law 2012 and any related legislation; (d) any analogous proceedings or step being
taken in connection with insolvency includes any corporate action, legal proceedings or other formal procedure or formal step being taken in relation to an application for a declaration of en dsastre being made in
respect of any such entity or any of its assets (or the making of such declaration). 

53 

ARTICLE II 

AMOUNT AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS 

SECTION 2.1Term Commitments. Pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement, the Dollar Term Lenders thereunder made term
loans to the Borrower in Dollars in the aggregate principal amount of $200,000,000 (the Existing Dollar Term Loans). Such Existing Dollar Term Loans shall continue to be outstanding and shall be deemed to have been made as loans
under this Agreement (each individually, a Dollar Term Loan and, collectively, the Dollar Term Loans). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, on the Funding Date the Dollar Term Loans shall be
reallocated to the Dollar Term Lenders in accordance with their Dollar Term Commitments as set forth in Section 10.18 and Schedule 1.1A attached hereto. Each Dollar Term Loan shall be deemed made by the Dollar Term Lenders
ratably in accordance with their respective Dollar Term Commitments. The Dollar Term Loans may be outstanding as: (1) ABR Loans; (2) Term Benchmark Loans; or (3) a combination of the foregoing, as Borrower shall elect and notify
Administrative Agent in accordance with Sections 2.2 and 2.12. 

SECTION 2.2Procedure for Dollar Term Loan
Borrowing. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice in the form of Exhibit E (which notice must be received by the Administrative Agent prior to 11:00 A.M., New York City time, (a) three (3) Business Days
prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, or (b) one (1) Business Day prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of ABR Loans) requesting that the Dollar Term Lenders make the Dollar Term Loans on the
Funding Date, specifying the amount to be borrowed, the requested Borrowing Date and whether such Dollar Term Loan shall be Term Benchmark Loans or ABR Loans and, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, the initial Interest Period applicable thereto,
which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of Interest Period. Upon receipt of such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Dollar Term Lender thereof. Not later than 11:00 A.M., New York City time, on the
Funding Date each Dollar Term Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent at the Funding Office an amount in Dollars in immediately available funds equal to the Dollar Term Loan to be made by such Lender. The Administrative Agent shall
credit the account of the Borrower on the books of such office of the Administrative Agent with the aggregate of the amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by the Dollar Term Lenders in immediately available funds. 

If no election as to the Type of Dollar Term Loan is specified, then the requested Dollar Term Loan shall be an ABR Loan. If no Interest
Period is specified with respect to any requested Term Benchmark Tranche, then Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one months duration. Promptly following receipt of a borrowing request in the form of Exhibit
E and in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Dollar Term Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Dollar Term Lenders Dollar Term Loan to be made. 

Each Dollar Term Loan shall be made by the Dollar Term Lenders ratably in accordance with their applicable Dollar Term Commitments; provided
that the failure of any Dollar Term Lender to make its Dollar Term Loan shall not in itself relieve any other Dollar Term Lender of its obligation to lend hereunder (it being understood, however, that no Dollar Term Lender shall be responsible for
the failure of any other Dollar Term Lender to make any Dollar Term Loan required to be made by such other Dollar Term Lender). ABR Loans comprising any Dollar Term Loan shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is an integral multiple of
$1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000. Term Benchmark Loans comprising any Dollar Term Loan shall be in an aggregate principal amount that is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 and not less than $5,000,000. 

54 

Subject to Sections 2.16 and 2.18, each Term Benchmark Tranche shall be
comprised entirely of Term Benchmark Loans as Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Dollar Term Lender may at its option make any Term Benchmark Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Dollar Term Lender to
make such Dollar Term Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of Borrower to repay such Dollar Term Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Borrowings of Dollar Term Loans of more than one Type
may be outstanding at the same time, subject to Section 2.13. For purposes of the foregoing, Term Benchmark Tranches having different Interest Periods, regardless of whether they commence on the same date, shall be
considered separate borrowings. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to
elect to convert or continue, any Term Benchmark Tranche if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Dollar Term Loan Maturity Date. 

SECTION 2.3 [Reserved]. 

SECTION 2.4Revolving Commitments. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Revolving Lender severally agrees to make revolving credit loans (Revolving
Loans) to the Borrower or any Subsidiary Borrower from time to time during the Revolving Commitment Period in an aggregate Dollar Equivalent principal amount at any one time outstanding which, when added to such Lenders Revolving
Percentage of the L/C Obligations then outstanding, does not exceed the amount of such Lenders Revolving Commitment; provided that after giving effect to any such Revolving Loans, (x) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit shall not
exceed the Total Revolving Commitments and (y) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit denominated in Alternative Currencies shall not exceed the Alternative Currency Sublimit. During the Revolving Commitment Period the Borrower may use the
Revolving Commitments by borrowing, prepaying the Revolving Loans in whole or in part, and reborrowing, all in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. The Revolving Loans may from time to time be Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans or ABR
Loans, as determined by the Borrower and notified to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Sections 2.5 and 2.12. 

(b) Unless previously terminated, the Revolving Commitments shall terminate on the Revolving Termination Date. The Borrower shall repay
all outstanding Revolving Loans on the Revolving Termination Date. 

SECTION 2.5Procedure for Revolving Loan
Borrowing. The Borrower may borrow under the Revolving Commitments during the Revolving Commitment Period on any Business Day, provided that the Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice in the form of Exhibit E
(which notice must be received by the Administrative Agent (x) prior to 11:00 A.M., New York City time, (a) three (3) Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars,
(b) four (4) Business Days prior to the 

55 

requested Borrowing Date, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies, (c) five (5) RFR Business Days prior to the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of RFR
Loans denominated in Sterling or CHF, or (d) on the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of ABR Loans denominated in Dollars) (provided that any such notice of a borrowing of ABR Loans under the Revolving Facility to finance payments required
by Section 3.5 may be given not later than 10:00 A.M., New York City time, on the date of the proposed borrowing) or (y) prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the requested Borrowing Date, in the case of RFR
Loans denominated in Dollars), specifying (i) the amount and Type of Revolving Loans to be borrowed, (ii) the requested Borrowing Date, (iii) in the case of Term Benchmark Loans, the respective amounts of each such Type of Loan and
the respective lengths of the initial Interest Period therefor and (iv) the currency of the Revolving Loans to be borrowed, and certifying that the conditions set forth in Section 5.2 are satisfied. Each borrowing
under the Revolving Commitments shall be in an amount equal to (x) in the case of ABR Loans or RFR Loans denominated in Dollars, $1,000,000 or a whole multiple thereof (or, if the then aggregate Available Revolving Commitments are less than
$1,000,000, such lesser amount) and (y) in the case of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Dollar Equivalent of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. Upon receipt of any such
notice from the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Revolving Lender thereof. Each Revolving Lender will make the amount of its pro rata share of each borrowing available to the Administrative Agent in funds immediately
available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Borrower at the Funding Office prior to (x) 12:00 Noon, New York City time, in the case of Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars (or 1:00 p.m., New York City time, in the case of
Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans or RFR Loans denominated in Dollars that were requested on such date) or (y) the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent, in the case of Revolving Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, in
each case, on the Borrowing Date requested by the Borrower. Such borrowing will then be made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of such office with the aggregate of the amounts
made available to the Administrative Agent by the Revolving Lenders and in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent. If the Borrower fails to specify a currency in the notice for any Revolving Loans, then such Revolving Loans shall be made
in Dollars. 

Subject to Sections 2.16 and 2.18, each borrowing of Revolving Loans shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans,
Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans, as applicable, as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each Revolving Lender may at its option make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Revolving Lender to make such
Revolving Loan; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of Borrower to repay such Revolving Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Borrowings of Revolving Loans of more than one Type may be outstanding
at the same time, subject to Section 2.13. For purposes of the foregoing, Term Benchmark Tranches having different Interest Periods, regardless of whether they commence on the same date, shall be considered separate
borrowings. 

SECTION 2.6 [Reserved]. 

SECTION 2.7 [Reserved]. 

56 

SECTION 2.8Facility Fees, etc. 

(a) The Borrower agrees to pay the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Revolving Lender, a facility fee (the Facility
Fee) in Dollars equal to the then applicable Facility Fee Percentage on the Total Revolving Commitments, such fee being payable quarterly in arrears on each Fee Payment Date, commencing on the first day of the fiscal quarter next succeeding
the Closing Date. 

(b) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent the fees in the amounts and on the dates as set forth
in any fee agreements with the Administrative Agent and to perform any other obligations contained therein. 

SECTION
2.9Optional Termination or Reduction of Revolving Commitments. The Borrower shall have the right to terminate the Revolving Commitments or, from time to time, to reduce the amount of the Revolving Commitments; provided that no such
termination or reduction of Revolving Commitments shall be permitted if, after giving effect thereto and to any prepayments of the Revolving Loans made on the effective date thereof, the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit would exceed the Total
Revolving Commitments. Any such reduction shall be in an amount equal to $1,000,000, or a whole multiple thereof, and shall reduce permanently the Revolving Commitments then in effect. The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any
election to terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments under this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly
following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Revolving Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the
Revolving Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior
to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall be made ratably among the Revolving Lenders in
accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments. 

SECTION 2.10Prepayments; Commitment Reductions. 

(a) Optional Prepayments. The Borrower may at any time and from time to time prepay the Loans, in whole or in part, without premium or
penalty (except as set forth below), upon irrevocable notice delivered to the Administrative Agent no later than 11:00 A.M., New York City time, (i) three (3) Business Days prior thereto, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in
Dollars, (ii) four (4) Business Days prior thereto, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies, (iii) five (5) RFR Business Days prior thereto, in the case of RFR Loans denominated in Sterling or CHF and
(iv) one Business Day prior thereto, in the case of ABR Loans and RFR Loans denominated in Dollars, which notice shall specify the date and amount of prepayment and whether the prepayment is of Term Benchmark Loans, RFR Loans or ABR Loans;
provided further, that if a Term Benchmark Loan is prepaid on any day other than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto or if an RFR Loan is prepaid on any 

57 

day other than an Interest Payment Date, the Borrower shall also pay any amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.20. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent
shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. If any such notice is given, the amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein, together with (except in the case of Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans)
accrued interest to such date on the amount prepaid. Partial prepayments of Revolving Loans or Term Loans shall be in an aggregate principal Dollar Equivalent amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case,
if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. 

(b) Mandatory Prepayments; Commitment Reductions. 

(i) Secured Pool Deficit. If at the end of any fiscal quarter (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the fourth
quarter of each fiscal year) ending after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, the Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio exceeds the Maximum Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio or the Secured Pool First Lien
Coverage Ratio does not exceed the Minimum Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio (in each case, as set forth in the compliance certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.2(a) for such fiscal quarter or fiscal year, as the
case may be), then the Borrower shall within five (5) Business Days following the date on which such compliance certificate is delivered (or, if earlier, is required to be delivered), (A) repay or redeem Secured Pool First Lien Debt (other than
the Revolving Facility) in an amount sufficient such that, upon recalculating the Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base ratio and the Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio, giving pro forma effect to the reduction of outstanding
Obligations as a result of such repayment or redemption (and giving effect to any action concurrently taken pursuant to clauses (B) and/or (C) below), the Borrower will be in compliance with the Maximum Secured Pool First Lien Debt to
Borrowing Base Ratio and Minimum Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio set forth in this Section 2.10(b)(i), (B) complete one or more Secured Pool Property Additions (including by satisfying each of the conditions
precedent and the other requirements with respect to any such Secured Pool Property Addition set forth in Section 6.14), which Secured Pool Property Additions are sufficient such that, upon recalculating the Secured Pool First Lien Debt to
Borrowing Base Ratio and the Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio, giving pro forma effect to the Borrowing Base Value and Secured Pool NOI attributable to such Secured Pool Property Additions (and giving effect to any action concurrently taken
pursuant to clause (A) above and/or clause (C) below), the Borrower will be in compliance with the Maximum Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio and Minimum Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio set forth in this
Section 2.10(b)(i) and/or (C) reduce permanently the Revolving Commitments then in effect in an amount such that, upon recalculating the Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio and the Secured Pool First
Lien Coverage Ratio, giving pro forma effect to such Revolving Commitment reduction (and giving effect to any action concurrently taken pursuant to clauses (A) and/or (B) above), the Borrower will be in compliance with the Maximum Secured
Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio and Minimum Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio set forth in this Section 2.10(b)(i); provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Secured Pool
First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio exceeds the Maximum Secured Pool First Lien Debt to 

58 

Borrowing Base Ratio as a result of fluctuations in any applicable currency exchange rate during such fiscal quarter, the Borrower may elect to designate that such test period is a
Secured Pool Enhanced Ratio Period; provided, further, that (x) the Borrower shall not be permitted to designate a Secured Pool Enhanced Ratio Period in any two consecutive fiscal quarters and (y) the
Borrower shall only be permitted to designate a Secured Pool Enhanced Ratio Period in respect of up to two fiscal quarters during the period from the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date until the Revolving Termination Date. 

(ii) Secured Pool Property Sale Prepayment. If the Borrower or any Subsidiary consummates a Secured Pool Property
Sale, then the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may apply the Net Cash Proceeds of such Secured Pool Property Sale to repay Secured Pool First Lien Debt, reinvest in assets used or useful in the business, make permitted Restricted Payments or in any
other manner not otherwise prohibited by the Credit Agreement; provided that, it shall be a condition precedent to any potential Secured Pool Property Sale that, if after giving pro forma effect to such Secured Pool Property Sale, the Secured
Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio would exceed the Maximum Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio (without giving effect to any Secured Pool Enhanced Ratio Period) or the Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio would not
exceed the Minimum Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio, the Borrower shall, substantially concurrently with such Secured Pool Property Sale, (A) apply Net Cash Proceeds to repay Secured Pool First Lien Debt (other than the Revolving
Facility) in an amount sufficient such that, upon recalculating the Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio and the Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio, giving pro forma effect to the reduction of outstanding Secured Pool First Lien
Debt as a result of such repayment or redemption (and giving effect to any action concurrently taken pursuant to clauses (B) and/or (C) below), the Borrower will be in compliance with the Maximum Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing
Base Ratio and Minimum Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio set forth in this Section 2.10(b)(ii), (B) complete one or more Secured Pool Property Additions (including by satisfying each of the conditions precedent
and the other requirements with respect to any such Secured Pool Property Addition set forth in Section 6.14), which Secured Pool Property Additions are sufficient such that, upon recalculating the Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base
Ratio and the Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio, giving pro forma effect to the Borrowing Base Value and Secured Pool NOI attributable to such Secured Pool Property Additions (and giving effect to any action concurrently taken pursuant to
clause (A) above and/or clause (C) below), the Borrower will be in compliance with the Maximum Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio and Minimum Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio set forth in this
Section 2.10(b)(ii) and/or (C) reduce permanently the Revolving Commitments then in effect in an amount such that, upon recalculating the Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio and the Secured Pool First
Lien Coverage Ratio, giving pro forma effect to such Revolving Commitment reduction (and giving effect to any action concurrently taken pursuant to clauses (A) and/or (B) above), the Borrower will be in compliance with the Maximum Secured
Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio and Minimum Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio set forth in this Section 2.10(b)(ii). 

59 

(iii) Application of Mandatory Prepayments. Amounts paid with
respect to the Obligations and reductions of Revolving Commitments, in each case pursuant to the preceding subsections (i) and (ii), shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.17. 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall calculate the Dollar Equivalent amount of all Revolving Extensions of Credit denominated in
Alternative Currencies at the time of each borrowing thereof, on the last Business Day of each month and at such other times as the Administrative Agent may elect. If the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower at such times that the outstanding
Dollar Equivalent amount of all Revolving Extensions of Credit denominated in Alternative Currencies at such time exceeds an amount equal to 105% of the Alternative Currency Sublimit then in effect, then, within five (5) Business Days after
receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall prepay Revolving Loans in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such Revolving Extensions of Credit as of such date of paymentto an amount not to exceed 105% of the Alternative Currency Sublimit
then in effect. In addition, if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower at any time that the outstanding Dollar Equivalent amount of all Revolving Extensions of Credit at such time exceeds an amount equal to 105% of the Total Revolving
Commitments then in effect, then, within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall prepay Revolving Loans in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such Revolving Extensions of Credit as of such date of
paymentto an amount not to exceed 100% of the Total Revolving Commitments then in effect. 

SECTION 2.11Repayment
of Loans. 

(a) The Borrower promises to repay all outstanding Revolving Loans on the Revolving Termination Date or such earlier
date as required herein. The Borrower promises to repay all outstanding Dollar Term Loans on the Dollar Term Loan Maturity Date or such earlier date as required herein. 

(b) Amounts to be applied in connection with prepayments of Revolving Loans made pursuant to Section 2.11
shall be applied, first, to the prepayment of Revolving Loans (without any corresponding reduction of the Revolving Commitments), and second, to cash collateralize Letters of Credit by depositing an amount in cash in a cash collateral account
established with the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The application of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11 of Loans shall
be made, first, to ABR Loans and second, to Term Benchmark Loans and RFR Loans. Each prepayment of the Loans under Section 2.11 (except in the case of Revolving Loans that are ABR Loans and RFR Loans denominated in Dollars)
shall be accompanied by accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the amount prepaid. 

SECTION 2.12Conversion
and Continuation Options. 

(a) The Borrower may elect from time to time to convert Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars
to ABR Loans or RFR Loans, or to convert RFR Loans to ABR Loans, by giving the Administrative Agent prior irrevocable notice of such election no later than 11:00 A.M., New York City time, on the Business Day preceding the proposed conversion date,
provided that any such conversion of Term Benchmark Loans may only be made on the last day 

60 

of an Interest Period with respect thereto. The Borrower may elect from time to time to convert ABR Loans or RFR Loans to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars by giving the Administrative
Agent prior irrevocable notice of such election no later than 11:00 A.M., New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding the proposed conversion date (which notice shall specify the length of the initial Interest Period therefor), provided
that no ABR Loan or RFR Loan under a particular Facility may be converted into a Term Benchmark Loan when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent or the Majority Facility Lenders in respect of such Facility
have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such conversions. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. 

(b) Any Term Benchmark Loan may be continued as such upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto by the
Borrower giving irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the term Interest Period set forth in Section 1.1, of the length of the next Interest Period to be
applicable to such Loans (or, if none is specified, one month), provided that no Term Benchmark Loan under a particular Facility may be continued as such when any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent has or
the Majority Facility Lenders in respect of such Facility have determined in its or their sole discretion not to permit such continuations, and provided, further, that if the Borrower shall fail to give any required notice as described above in this
paragraph or if such continuation is not permitted pursuant to the preceding proviso then (i) such Loans denominated in Dollars shall be automatically continued as Term Benchmark Loans with an Interest Period of one month on the last day of
such then expiring Interest Period (unless such continuation is not permitted pursuant to the preceding proviso, in which case such Loans shall be automatically converted to ABR Loans on the last day of such then expiring Interest Period) and
(ii) such Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be continued as Term Benchmark Loans in their original currency with an Interest Period of one month. Upon receipt of any such notice (or any such automatic conversion or
continuation) the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. No Loan may be converted into or continued as a Loan denominated in a different currency, but instead must be repaid in the original currency and reborrowed
in the other currency. During the existence of an Event of Default, the Required Lenders may demand that any or all of the then outstanding Term Benchmark Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency be prepaid, or redenominated into Dollars in the
amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof, on the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto. 

SECTION
2.13Limitations on Term Benchmark Tranches. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all borrowings, conversions and continuations of Term Benchmark Loans and all selections of Interest Periods with respect
thereto and Borrowings of RFR Loans shall be in such amounts and be made pursuant to such elections so that, (a) after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal Dollar Equivalent amount of the Term Benchmark Loans comprising each Term
Benchmark Tranche shall be equal to $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (b) no more than ten (10) Term Benchmark Tranches and RFR Borrowings shall be outstanding at any one time. 

61 

SECTION 2.14Interest Rates and Payment Dates. 

(a) Each Term Benchmark Loan shall bear interest for each day during each Interest Period with respect thereto at a rate per annum equal
to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, or the Local Rate, as applicable, for the applicable Interest Period plus the Applicable Margin. 

(b) Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR plus the Applicable Margin.

(c) Each ABR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the ABR plus the Applicable Margin. 

(d) [Reserved.] 

(e) (i) If all or a portion of the principal amount of any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation shall not be paid when due (whether at the
stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), all overdue outstanding Loans and Reimbursement Obligations shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to (x) in the case of the Loans, the rate that would otherwise be applicable thereto
pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section plus 2% or (y) in the case of Reimbursement Obligations, the rate applicable to ABR Loans under the Revolving Facility plus 2%, and (ii) if all or a portion of any interest payable on
any Loan or any facility fee or other amount payable hereunder shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue amount shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate then applicable
to ABR Loans under the relevant Facility plus 2% (or, in the case of any such other amounts that do not relate to a particular Facility, the rate then applicable to ABR Loans under the Revolving Facility plus 2%), in each case, with respect to
clauses (i) and (ii) above, from the date of such non-payment until such amount is paid in full (as well after as before judgment). 

(f) Interest shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, provided that interest accruing pursuant to paragraph
(e) of this Section shall be payable from time to time on demand of the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION
2.15Computation of Interest and Fees. 

(a) Interest and fees payable pursuant hereto shall be calculated on the
basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed, except that, (i) with respect to ABR Loans the rate of interest on which is calculated on the basis of the Prime Rate, the interest thereon shall be
calculated on the basis of a 365- (or 366-, as the case may be) day year for the actual days elapsed and (ii) with respect to Loans denominated in AUD, and
Sterling, the interest thereon shall be calculated on the basis of a 365-day year for the actual days elapsed. The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Borrower and the relevant Lenders
of each determination of a Relevant Rate. Any change in the interest rate on a Loan resulting from a change in the ABR or the Statutory Reserve Rate shall become effective as of the opening of business on the day on which such change becomes
effective. All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed in a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination. The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the
Borrower and the relevant Lenders of the effective date and the amount of each such change in interest rate. 

62 

(b) Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent pursuant to any
provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower and the Lenders in the absence of manifest error. The Administrative Agent shall, at the request of the Borrower, deliver to the Borrower a statement showing the quotations
used by the Administrative Agent in determining any interest rate pursuant to Section 2.14(a). 

SECTION
2.16Alternate Rate of Interest. (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this Section 2.16, if: 

(i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) (A) prior to
the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted TIBOR
Rate, the TIBOR Rate or the Local Rate (including because the Relevant Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable
means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR, Daily Simple RFR or RFR for the applicable Agreed Currency; or 

(ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest
Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate, the Adjusted TIBOR Rate or the Local Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to
such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency and such Interest Period or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for the applicable
Agreed Currency will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for the applicable Agreed Currency; 

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable
thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new
conversion or continuation request (an Interest Election Request) in accordance with the terms of Section 2.12 or a new borrowing request in accordance with the terms of
Section 2.5, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any borrowing
request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a borrowing request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for
Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.16(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of
Section 2.16(a)(i) or (ii) above and (2) any borrowing request that requests an RFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a borrowing 

63 

request, as applicable, for an ABR Borrowing and (B) for Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or
continuation of any Borrowing as, a Term Benchmark Borrowing and any borrowing request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing, in each case, for the relevant Benchmark, shall be ineffective; provided that if the
circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the
Borrowers receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.16(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the
Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with
the terms of Section 2.12 or a new borrowing request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.5, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the
Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the
Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not also the subject of Section 2.16(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings also is the subject of
Section 2.16(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan and (B) for Loans
denominated in an Alternative Currency, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at the Central Bank
Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable
Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency shall, at the Borrowers election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or
(B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Alternative Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall
accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread;
provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR
Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency, at the Borrowers election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) immediately or
(B) be prepaid in full immediately. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes
hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City 

64 

time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to,
this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders of each affected class. 

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without
any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(d) The Administrative Agent will
promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes,
(iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (e) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the
Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.16, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole
discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.16. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate, EURIBOR Rate, TIBOR Rate or a Local Rate) and either (a) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or
other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (b) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement
or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such
time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information
service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative
Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(f) Upon the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any
request for a Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans to be 

65 

made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, either (x) the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any request for (1) a Term Benchmark
Borrowing denominated in Dollars into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to (A) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or
(B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) any Term Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing denominated in any Alternative Currency shall be ineffective.
During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be
used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan in any Agreed Currency is outstanding on the date of the Borrowers receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to
a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.16, (A) for Loans denominated in Dollars
(1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute,
(x) an RFR Borrowing denominated in Dollars so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple RFR for Dollar Borrowings is the
subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute an ABR Loan and (B) for Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency,
(1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall, on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day) bear interest at if such Loan is denominated in any Alternative Currency,
the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread; provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the
applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected Term Benchmark Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency shall, at the Borrowers election prior to such day: (A) be prepaid by the Borrower on such day or
(B) solely for the purpose of calculating the interest rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan, such Term Benchmark Loan denominated in any Alternative Currency shall be deemed to be a Term Benchmark Loan denominated in Dollars and shall
accrue interest at the same interest rate applicable to Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars at such time and (2) any RFR Loan shall bear interest at the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency plus the CBR Spread;
provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that the Central Bank Rate for the applicable Alternative Currency cannot be determined, any outstanding affected RFR
Loans denominated in any Alternative Currency, at the Borrowers election, shall either (A) be converted into ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) immediately or
(B) be prepaid in full immediately. 

(g) If any Lender determines that any Requirement of Law has made it unlawful, or that any
Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or 

66 

its applicable lending office to make, maintain, or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Term Benchmark Rate or the RFR Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based
upon the Term Benchmark Rate or RFR Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars or any Alternative Currency in the London or other
applicable offshore interbank market for the applicable currency, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Term Benchmark Loans or RFR
Loans in the affected currency or currencies or, in the case of Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars, to convert ABR Loans to Term Benchmark Loans shall be suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or
maintaining ABR Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Term SOFR Rate component of the ABR, the interest rate on which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the
Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of ABR, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer
exist. Upon receipt of such notice,(i) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, (x) convert all Term Benchmark Loans denominated in Dollars of such Lender to ABR
Loans or (y) convert all Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency to ABR Loans denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of such Alternative Currency) (in each case, the interest rate on
which ABR Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of ABR), either on the last day of the Interest Period
therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans and (ii) if such notice asserts the
illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Term Benchmark Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the ABR applicable to such Lender without reference to clause
(c) of the definition of ABR until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Term Benchmark Rate. Upon any such
prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.20. 

SECTION 2.17Pro Rata Treatment and Payments. 

(a) Each borrowing by the Borrower from the Lenders hereunder, each payment by the Borrower on account of any facility fee and any
reduction of the Commitments of the Lenders shall be made pro rata according to the respective applicable Term Percentages or Revolving Percentages of the applicable Lenders. 

(b) Each payment (including each prepayment) by the Borrower on account of principal of and interest on the Dollar Term Loans shall be
made pro rata according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of the Dollar Term Loans then held by the Dollar Term Lenders. Amounts repaid or prepaid on account of the Dollar Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 

67 

(c) Each payment (including each prepayment) by the Borrower on account of principal
of and interest on the Revolving Loans shall be made pro rata according to the respective outstanding principal amounts of the Revolving Loans then held by the Revolving Lenders. 

(d) All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Borrower hereunder, whether on account of principal, interest, fees or
otherwise, shall be made without setoff or counterclaim. Except with respect to principal and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, all payments shall be made prior to 12:00 Noon, New York City time, on the due date thereof to
the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders, at the Funding Office, in Dollars and in immediately available funds. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder with respect to principal and
interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Funding Office in such Alternative Currency and in immediately
available funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement
be made in the United States. If, for any reason, the Borrower is prohibited by any Requirement of Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of
the Alternative Currency payment amount. The Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to the Lenders promptly upon receipt in like funds as received. If any payment hereunder (other than payments on the Term Benchmark Loans) becomes due
and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day. If any payment on a Term Benchmark Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the maturity thereof shall be
extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month, in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. In the case of any
extension of any payment of principal pursuant to the preceding two sentences, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. 

(e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Lender prior to a borrowing that such Lender will not
make the amount that would constitute its share of such borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender is making such amount available to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent
may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. If such amount is not made available to the Administrative Agent by the required time on the Borrowing Date therefor, such Lender shall pay to the
Administrative Agent, on demand, such amount with interest thereon, at a rate equal to the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Effective Rate and (ii) a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on
interbank compensation, for the period until such Lender makes such amount immediately available to the Administrative Agent. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Lender with respect to any amounts owing under this paragraph
shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. If such Lenders share of such borrowing is not made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender within three (3) Business Days after such Borrowing Date, the Administrative
Agent shall also be entitled to recover such amount with interest thereon at the rate per annum applicable to ABR Loans, on demand, from the Borrower. 

68 

(f) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by the
Borrower prior to the date of any payment due to be made by the Borrower hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower is making such payment, and the
Administrative Agent may, but shall not be required to, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Lenders their respective pro rata shares of a corresponding amount. If such payment is not made to the Administrative Agent by the
Borrower within three (3) Business Days after such due date, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover, on demand, from each Lender to which any amount which was made available pursuant to the preceding sentence, such amount with
interest thereon at the rate per annum equal to the daily average Federal Funds Effective Rate. Nothing herein shall be deemed to limit the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Lender against the Borrower. 

SECTION 2.18Requirements of Law. (a) If any Change in Law: 

(i) shall subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses
(b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable
thereto; 

(ii) shall impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity, compulsory loan or
similar requirement against assets held by, deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, advances, loans or other extensions of credit by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any office of such Lender or the Issuing Lender that is not
otherwise included in the determination of the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, the Adjusted EURIBOR Rate or the Adjusted TIBOR Rate, as applicable; or 

(iii) shall impose on such Lender or the Issuing Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or
expense (other than Taxes); 

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender or the Issuing Lender, by an amount that such
Lender or the Issuing Lender deems to be material, of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining Loans or issuing or participating in Letters of Credit, or to reduce any amount receivable hereunder in respect thereof, then, in any such case,
the Borrower shall promptly pay such Lender or the Issuing Lender, upon its demand, any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the Issuing Lender for such increased cost or reduced amount receivable. If any Lender or the Issuing
Lender becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this paragraph, it shall promptly notify the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of the event by reason of which it has become so entitled. 

(b) If any Lender or the Issuing Lender shall have determined that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements or
ratios shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lenders or the Issuing Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders or Issuing Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of its obligations
hereunder or under or in respect of any Letters of Credit to a level below that which such Lender or the Issuing 

69 

Lender or such Lenders or Issuing Lenders holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or the Issuing Lenders or
such holding companys policies with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by such Lender or the Issuing Lender to be material, then from time to time, after submission by such Lender or the Issuing Lender to the Borrower (with a
copy to the Administrative Agent) of a written request therefor, the Borrower shall pay to such Lender or the Issuing Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Lender or such holding company for such
reduction. 

(c) A certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to this Section submitted by any Lender or the Issuing
Lender to the Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing
Lender pursuant to this Section for any amounts incurred more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender or the Issuing Lender notifies the Borrower of such Lenders or the Issuing Lenders intention to claim compensation
therefor; provided that, if the circumstances giving rise to such claim have a retroactive effect, then such nine-month period shall be extended to include the period of such retroactive effect. The obligations of the Borrower pursuant to this
Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

SECTION
2.19Taxes. 

(a) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan
Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the
deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant
Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including
such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.19) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been
made. 

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority
in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 

(c) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority
pursuant to this Section 2.19, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return
reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

70 

(d) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Loan Parties shall jointly and
severally indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or
paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted
by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a
Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(e) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify
the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such
Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06 relating to the maintenance of a
Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with
respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be
conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender
from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 

(f) Status of Lenders.
(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by
the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of
withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as
will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the
completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.19(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders
reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, 

71 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed copy of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the
Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

a. in the case of a Foreign Lender
claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and
(y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as
applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

b. an executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI;

c. in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under
Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of
the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) an executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E,
as applicable; or 

d. to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form
W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more
direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit
F-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

72 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to
do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time
thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly
completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by
FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by
Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under
FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any
amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered
expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(g) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a
refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.19 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.19), it shall pay to the
indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.19 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all
out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect
to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant
Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to
pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant 

73 

to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party
would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This
paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(h) Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 2.19 shall survive the resignation or
replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

(i) Defined Terms. For purposes of this Section 2.19, the term Lender includes any Issuing
Lender and the term applicable law includes FATCA. 

SECTION 2.20Indemnity. The Borrower agrees to
indemnify each Lender for, and to hold each Lender harmless from, any loss, cost or expense (including any foreign exchange losses) that such Lender may sustain or incur as a consequence of (a) default by the Borrower in making a borrowing of,
conversion into or continuation of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans after the Borrower has given a notice requesting the same in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (b) default by the Borrower in making any prepayment of or
conversion from Term Benchmark Loans after the Borrower has given a notice thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (c) the making of a prepayment of Term Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans on a day that is not the last day of an
Interest Period (or the Interest Payment Date, in the case of an RFR Loan) with respect thereto, (d) the assignment of any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period (or the Interest Payment Date, in the
case of an RFR Loan) pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 2.22, or (e) any failure by the Borrower to make payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereon) denominated
in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency. A certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section submitted to the Borrower by any Lender shall be conclusive in the absence of
manifest error. This covenant shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. This Section 2.20 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than Taxes
that represent losses, costs or expenses arising from any non-Tax claims. 

SECTION
2.21Change of Lending Office. Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 2.18 or 2.19 with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by the
Borrower, use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate another lending office for any Loans affected by such event with the object of avoiding the consequences of such event; provided, that such
designation is made on terms that, in the sole judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its lending office(s) to suffer no economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage, and provided, further, that nothing in this Section shall affect or postpone
any of the obligations of the Borrower or the rights of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.18 or 2.19(a). 

74 

SECTION 2.22Replacement of Lenders. The Borrower shall be permitted to
replace any Lender that (a) requests reimbursement for amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.18 or 2.19 or (b) becomes a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender,
with a replacement financial institution; provided that (i) such replacement does not conflict with any Requirement of Law, (ii) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such replacement, (iii) if
applicable, prior to any such replacement, such Lender shall have taken no action under Section 2.21 so as to eliminate the continued need for payment of amounts owing pursuant to Section 2.18 or
2.19, (iv) the replacement financial institution shall purchase, at par, all Loans and other amounts owing to such replaced Lender on or prior to the date of replacement, (v) the Borrower shall be liable to such replaced Lender under
Section 2.20 if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan owing to such replaced Lender shall be purchased other than on the last day of the Interest Period (or the Interest Payment Date, in the case of an RFR Loan) relating
thereto, (vi) the replacement financial institution, if not already a Lender, shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (vii) the replaced Lender shall be obligated to make such replacement in accordance with the
provisions of Section 10.6 (provided that the Borrower shall be obligated to pay the registration and processing fee referred to therein), (viii) until such time as such replacement shall be consummated, the Borrower shall
pay all additional amounts (if any) required pursuant to Section 2.18 or 2.19, as the case may be, and (ix) any such replacement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights that the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent or any other Lender shall have against the replaced Lender. 

SECTION 2.23Incremental
Commitments. 

(a) Incremental Facilities. On one or more occasions at any time after the Closing Date, the Borrower may
by written notice to the Administrative Agent elect to request (A) an increase to the existing Revolving Commitments (any such increase, the New Revolving Commitments) and/or (B) the establishment of one or more new term loan
commitments denominated in Dollars (the New Term Commitments, together with the New Revolving Commitments, the Incremental Commitments), by up to an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000,000 for all Incremental
Commitments (so that the sum of the Total Revolving Commitments plus the principal amount of Dollar Term Loans made hereunder does not exceed $3,000,000,000). Each such notice shall specify the date (each, an Increased Amount Date) on
which the Borrower proposes that such Incremental Commitments shall be effective, which shall be a date not less than ten (10) Business Days after the date on which such notice is delivered to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent
and/or its Affiliates shall use commercially reasonable efforts, with the assistance of the Borrower, to arrange a syndicate of Lenders or other Persons that are Eligible Assignees willing to hold the requested Incremental Commitments; provided that
(x) any Incremental Commitments on any Increased Amount Date shall be in the minimum aggregate amount of $25,000,000, (y) any Lender approached to provide all or a portion of the Incremental Commitments may elect or decline, in its sole
discretion, to provide an Incremental Commitment; provided that the Lenders will first be afforded the opportunity to provide the Incremental Commitments on a pro rata basis, and if any Lender so approached fails to respond within such ten
(10) Business Day period after its receipt of such request, such Lender shall be deemed to have declined to provide such Incremental Commitments, and (z) any Lender or other Person that is an Eligible Assignee (each, a New Revolving
Lender or New Term Lender, as applicable) to whom any portion of such Incremental Commitment shall be allocated 

75 

shall be subject to the approval of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and, in the case of a New Revolving Commitment, the
Issuing Lender (each of which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld), unless such New Revolving Lender is an existing Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) with a Revolving Commitment at such time or such New Term Lender is an existing
Lender or an Affiliate of an existing Lender. 

The terms and provisions of any New Revolving Commitments shall be identical to the
existing Revolving Commitments. The terms and provisions of any New Term Commitments and any New Term Loans shall (a) provide that the maturity date of any New Term Loan that is a separate tranche shall be no earlier than the Dollar Term Loan
Maturity Date for the existing Dollar Term Loans and the weighted average life to maturity of such New Term Loans shall not be shorter than the weighted average life to maturity of the existing Dollar Term Loans, and such New Term Loans shall not
have any scheduled amortization payments, (b) share ratably in any prepayments of the existing Dollar Term Facility, unless the Borrower and the New Term Lenders in respect of such New Term Loans elect lesser payments and (c) otherwise be
identical to the existing Dollar Term Loans or reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each New Term Lender. 

The effectiveness of any Incremental Commitments and the availability of any borrowings under any such Incremental Commitments shall be
subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: (x) after giving pro forma effect to such Incremental Commitments and borrowings and the use of proceeds thereof, (i) no Default or Event of Default shall exist and
(ii) as of the last day of the most recent calendar quarter for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.1, the Borrower would have been in compliance with the financial covenants set forth
in Section 7.1; (y) the representations and warranties made or deemed made by the Loan Parties in any Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than any representation or warranty qualified as
to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language, which shall be true and correct in all respects) on the effective date of such Incremental Commitments except to the extent that such representations and warranties
expressly relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date); and (z) the Administrative Agent shall have received each
of the following, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: (i) if not previously delivered to the Administrative Agent, copies certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of all corporate or other
necessary action taken by the Borrower to authorize such Incremental Commitments; and (ii) a customary opinion of counsel to the Borrower (which may be in substantially the same form as delivered on the Closing Date), and addressed to the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (iii) if requested by any Lender, new Notes executed by the Borrower, payable to any new Lender, and replacement Notes executed by the Borrower, payable to any existing Lenders. 

On any Increased Amount Date on which New Revolving Commitments are effected, subject to the satisfaction of the foregoing terms and
conditions, (a) each of the Revolving Lenders shall assign to each of the New Revolving Lenders, and each of the New Revolving Lenders shall purchase from each of the Revolving Lenders, at the principal amount thereof (together with accrued
interest), such interests in the Revolving Loans outstanding on such Increased Amount 

76 

Date as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases, such Revolving Loans will be held by existing Revolving Lenders and New Revolving Lenders
ratably in accordance with their Revolving Commitments after giving effect to the addition of such New Revolving Commitments to the Revolving Commitments, (b) each New Revolving Commitment shall be deemed for all purposes a Revolving Commitment
and each Loan made thereunder shall be deemed, for all purposes, a Revolving Loan and (c) each New Revolving Lender shall become a Lender with respect to its New Revolving Commitment and all matters relating thereto. 

On any Increased Amount Date on which any New Term Commitments are effected, subject to the satisfaction of the foregoing terms and
conditions, (i) each New Term Lender shall make a Loan to the Borrower (a New Term Loan) in an amount equal to its New Term Commitment, and (ii) each New Term Lender shall become a Dollar Term Lender hereunder with respect to
the New Term Commitment and the New Term Loans made pursuant thereto. 

The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders promptly upon
receipt of the Borrowers notice of each Increased Amount Date and in respect thereof (y) the New Revolving Commitments and the New Revolving Lenders or the New Term Commitments and the New Term Lenders, as applicable, and (z) in the
case of each notice to any Revolving Lender, the respective interests in such Revolving Lenders Revolving Loans, in each case subject to the assignments contemplated by this paragraph. 

The fees payable by Borrower upon any such Incremental Commitments shall be agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and Borrower at the time
of such increase. 

The Incremental Commitments shall be evidenced pursuant to one or more Additional Credit Extension Amendments executed
and delivered by the Borrower, the New Revolving Lenders or New Term Lenders, as applicable, and the Administrative Agent, and each of which shall be recorded in the Register. Each Additional Credit Extension Amendment may, without the consent of
any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.23, subject
to the approval of the Borrower (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

SECTION 2.24Defaulting
Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 

(a) fees shall cease to accrue on the unused portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to
Section 2.8; 

(b) the Commitments, Term Loans, and Revolving Extensions of Credit of such Defaulting
Lender shall not be included in determining whether all Lenders, the Majority Facility Lenders or the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment or waiver pursuant to
Section 10.1), provided that any waiver, amendment or modification that increases the Commitment of a Defaulting Lender, forgives all or 

77 

any portion of the principal amount of any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation or interest thereon owing to a Defaulting Lender, reduces the Applicable Margin on the underlying interest rate options
owing to a Defaulting Lender or extends the Revolving Termination Date or a Term Loan Maturity Date applicable to such Defaulting Lender shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender; 

(c) if any L/C Exposure exists with respect to a Lender at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: 

(i) all or any part of such L/C Exposure shall be reallocated among the
non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Percentages but only to the extent (x) the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving
Extensions of Credit plus such Defaulting Lenders L/C Exposure does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Commitments, (y) the sum of each
non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Extensions of Credit would not exceed its Revolving Commitmentand (z) the conditions set forth in Section 5.2 are satisfied at such
time; and 

(ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected,
the Borrower shall, within ten (10) Business Days following notice by the Administrative Agent, cash collateralize such Defaulting Lenders L/C Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) by
depositing amounts into the collateral account in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 8 for so long as such L/C Exposure is outstanding; 

(iii) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lenders L/C Exposure pursuant to
Section 2.24(c), the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 3.3(a) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders L/C Exposure during the period
such Defaulting Lenders L/C Exposure is cash collateralized; 

(iv) if the L/C Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to Section 2.24(c), then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 3.3(a) shall be adjusted in accordance
with such non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Percentages; or 

(v) if any
Defaulting Lenders L/C Exposure is neither cash collateralized nor reallocated pursuant to Section 2.24, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Lender or any Lender hereunder, all letter of
credit fees payable under Section 3.3(a) with respect to such Defaulting Lenders L/C Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Lender until such L/C Exposure is cash collateralized and/or reallocated. 

(d) so long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Issuing Lender shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of
Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure will be one hundred percent (100%) covered by the Revolving Commitments of the non-

78 

Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in the amount of the Defaulting Lenders L/C Exposure in accordance with Section 2.24,
and participating interests in any such newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.24(c)(i) (and
Defaulting Lenders shall not participate therein). 

(e) In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Issuing
Lender each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the L/C Exposure of the Revolving Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lenders
Revolving Commitment and on such date such Revolving Lender shall purchase at par such of the Revolving Loans of the other Revolving Lenders as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Revolving
Loans in accordance with its Revolving Percentage. 

(f) any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the
Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 8 or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to
Section 10.7 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent
hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Lender hereunder; third, to cash collateralize L/C Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with
this Section; fourth, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement,
as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future
funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize future L/C Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with this
Section; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or the Issuing Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Lenders against such Defaulting Lender as a result
of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of
any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document; and
eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or Reimbursement Obligations in respect of which
such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 5.2 were satisfied or
waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and Reimbursement Obligations owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or
Reimbursement Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in the Borrowers obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lenders L/C

79 

Exposure are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Revolving Commitments without giving effect to clause (c) above. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable
to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents
hereto. 

SECTION 2.25Extension of Revolving Termination Date. The Borrower may, by written notice to the
Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify each of the Lenders), which notice requirement, with respect to each extension, was given and satisfied in Section 5(a) of Amendment No. 3, extend the then applicable
Revolving Termination Date two (2) times for up to six (6) months per extension so long as (A) the final extended Revolving Termination Date is not later than June 30, 2027, (B) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing on the date of such written notice and on the last day of the then applicable Revolving Termination Date, (C) each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be true
and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such written notice and on and as of the effective date of such extension as if made on and as of such dates, except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly
relate solely to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date), and (D) the Borrower pays an aggregate extension fee for the first
extension equal to 0.0625% of the then existing Revolving Commitments and for the second extension equal to 0.075% of the then existing Revolving Commitments (in each case, to the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Revolving
Lenders). 

SECTION 2.26ESG Amendment. 

(a) After the Closing Date, the Borrower, in consultation with the Administrative Agent and the Sustainability Structuring Agent, shall
be entitled in its sole discretion to establish specified key performance indicators (KPIs) with respect to certain environmental, social and governance (ESG) targets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. The
Administrative Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement (such amendment, an ESG Amendment) solely for the purpose of incorporating the KPIs and other related provisions (the
ESG Pricing Provisions) into this Agreement, and any such ESG Amendment shall become effective upon the posting of such proposed ESG Amendment to all Lenders and the Borrower and the receipt by the Administrative Agent of executed
signature pages and consents to such ESG Amendment from the Borrower, the Sustainability Structuring Agent and Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. Upon the effectiveness of any such ESG Amendment, based on the Borrowers performance
against the KPIs, certain adjustments (increase, decrease or no adjustment) (such adjustments, the ESG Applicable Margin Adjustments) to the Applicable Margin will be made; provided, that (i) the amount of such adjustments
shall not exceed an increase and/or decrease of (x) 0.04% (4 basis points) per annum to the Applicable Margin or (y) 0.01% (1 basis point) to the Facility Fee Percentages set forth in the definition of Pricing Grids, and (ii) in no
event shall the Applicable Margin or the Facility Fee Percentages be less than 0.0%. The KPIs, the Borrowers performance against the KPIs, and any related ESG Applicable Margin Adjustments resulting therefrom, will be determined based on
certain Borrower certificates, reports and other documents, in each case, setting forth the calculation, certification, verification 

80 

and measurement of the KPIs in a manner that is aligned with the Sustainability Linked Loan Principles (as published in March 2022 by the Loan Market Association, Asia Pacific Loan Market
Association and Loan Syndications & Trading Association (as the same may be updated, revised, supplemented or amended from time to time)) and to be mutually agreed between the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Sustainability
Structuring Agent (each acting reasonably); provided, that nothing in this Section 2.26 or otherwise shall require the Borrower to provide any such certificates, reports or other documents prior to the effectiveness
of the applicable ESG Amendment. An ESG Amendment shall also identify a sustainability assurance provider, which shall be a qualified external reviewer, independent of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, with relevant expertise, such as an auditor,
environmental consultant and/or independent ratings agency of recognized national standing. Following the effectiveness of an ESG Amendment, any modification to the ESG Pricing Provisions shall be subject only to the consent of the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent, the Sustainability Structuring Agent and the Required Lenders so long as such modification does not have the effect of reducing the Applicable Margin and Facility Fee Percentages to a level not otherwise permitted by this
Section 2.26. 

(b) The Sustainability Structuring Agent will assist the Borrower in (i) determining
the ESG Pricing Provisions in connection with any proposed ESG Amendment and (ii) preparing informational materials focused on ESG to be used in connection with any proposed ESG Amendment. This Section 2.26 shall
supersede any other clause or provision in Section 10.1 to the contrary, including any provision of Section 10.1 requiring the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby for
reductions in interest rates. 

81 

ARTICLE III 

LETTERS OF CREDIT 

SECTION
3.1L/C Commitment. 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Issuing Lender, in reliance on the
agreements of the other Revolving Lenders set forth in Section 3.4(a), may in its sole discretion issue standby letters of credit (Letters of Credit) for the account of the Borrower denominated in Dollars or any
Alternative Currency on any Business Day during the Revolving Commitment Period in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Issuing Lender; provided that the Issuing Lender shall have no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if,
after giving effect to such issuance, (i) the L/C Obligations would exceed the L/C Commitment, (ii) the aggregate amount of the Available Revolving Commitments would be less than zero, (iii) the Total Revolving Extensions of Credit
denominated in Alternative Currencies would exceed the Alternative Currency Sublimit or (iv) unless such Issuing Lender otherwise consents, the L/C Obligations with respect to Letters of Credit issued by any Issuing Lender would exceed the
Issuing Lender Commitment of such Issuing Lender. Each Letter of Credit shall (i) be denominated in Dollars or any Alternative Currency and (ii) expire no later than the earlier of (x) the first anniversary of its date of issuance and
(y) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Revolving Termination Date, provided that any Letter of Credit with a one-year term may provide for the automatic renewal thereof for additional one-year periods (which shall in no event extend beyond the date referred to in clause (y) above) so long as such Letter of Credit permits the Issuing Lender to prevent any such extension at least once in each
twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date) in each
such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Once an automatic renewal Letter of Credit has been issued, the Revolving Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized the Issuing Lender to permit the extension
of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the date referred to in clause (y) above; provided, however, that the Issuing Lender shall not permit any such extension if it has received written notice on or before the
day that is seven Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date from any Lender or the Administrative Agent that a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing directing the Issuing Lender
not to permit such extension. The letters of credit outstanding under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement and described in Schedule 3.1(a) hereto shall become Letters of Credit hereunder on the Funding Date and
thereafter be Letters of Credit hereunder for all purposes. 

(b) The Issuing Lender shall not at any time be obligated to issue any
Letter of Credit if such issuance would conflict with, or cause the Issuing Lender or any L/C Participant to exceed any limits imposed by, any applicable Requirement of Law or would violate such Issuing Lenders internal policies or procedures.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuing Lender shall have no obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit the proceeds of which would be made to any Person (i) to fund any prohibited activity or
business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of such funding is the subject of any Sanctions or (ii) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement.

82 

SECTION 3.2Procedure for Issuance of Letter of Credit. The Borrower may
from time to time request that the Issuing Lender issue a Letter of Credit by delivering to the Issuing Lender and the Administrative Agent at their address for notices specified herein a request and an Application therefor, completed to the
satisfaction of the Issuing Lender, and such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as the Issuing Lender may request. Upon receipt of any Application, the Issuing Lender will process such Application and the certificates,
documents and other papers and information delivered to it in connection therewith in accordance with its customary procedures and, unless it has received written notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or a Loan Party at least one
(1) Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance that a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, shall promptly issue the Letter of Credit requested thereby (but in no event shall the Issuing Lender be required to
issue any Letter of Credit earlier than three (3) Business Days after its receipt of the Application therefor and all such other certificates, documents and other papers and information relating thereto) by issuing the original of such Letter
of Credit to the beneficiary thereof or as otherwise may be agreed to by the Issuing Lender and the Borrower. The Issuing Lender shall furnish a copy of such Letter of Credit to the Borrower promptly following the issuance thereof. The Issuing
Lender shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, which shall in turn promptly furnish to the Lenders, notice of the issuance of each Letter of Credit (including the amount thereof). 

SECTION 3.3Fees and Other Charges. 

(a) The Borrower will pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Revolving Lender a fee on all outstanding Letters of Credit
at a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin under the Revolving Facility then in effect with respect to Term Benchmark Loans on the average daily amount of the L/C Obligations (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed
drawings), shared ratably among the Revolving Lenders and payable in Dollars quarterly in arrears on each Fee Payment Date after the issuance date. In addition, the Borrower shall pay to the Issuing Lender for its own account a fronting fee of
0.125% per annum on the average daily amount of the L/C Obligations (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed drawings), payable in Dollars quarterly in arrears on each Fee Payment Date after the issuance date. 

(b) In addition to the foregoing fees, the Borrower shall pay or reimburse the Issuing Lender in Dollars for such normal and customary
costs and expenses as are incurred or charged by the Issuing Lender in issuing, negotiating, effecting payment under, amending or otherwise administering any Letter of Credit. 

SECTION 3.4L/C Participations. 

(a) The Issuing Lender irrevocably agrees to grant and hereby grants to each L/C Participant, and, to induce the Issuing Lender to issue
Letters of Credit, each L/C Participant irrevocably agrees to accept and purchase and hereby accepts and purchases from the Issuing Lender, on the terms and conditions set forth below, for such L/C Participants own account and risk an
undivided interest equal to such L/C Participants Revolving Percentage in the Issuing Lenders obligations and rights under and in respect of each Letter of Credit and the amount of each draft paid by the Issuing Lender thereunder. Such
participation interest shall be in the 

83 

currency of the applicable underlying Letter of Credit. Each L/C Participant agrees with the Issuing Lender that, if a draft is paid under any Letter of Credit for which the Issuing Lender is not
reimbursed in full by the Borrower in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such L/C Participant shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Lender, upon demand at the Administrative Agents address for notices
specified herein an amount equal to such L/C Participants Revolving Percentage of the amount of such draft, or any part thereof, that is not so reimbursed. Each L/C Participants obligation to pay such amount shall be absolute and
unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such L/C Participant may have against the Issuing Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any
reason whatsoever, (ii) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or an Event of Default or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions specified in Section 5, (iii) any adverse change in the condition
(financial or otherwise) of the Borrower, (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by the Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other L/C Participant or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether
or not similar to any of the foregoing. 

(b) If any amount required to be paid by any L/C Participant for the account of the Issuing
Lender pursuant to Section 3.4(a) in respect of any unreimbursed portion of any payment made by the Issuing Lender under any Letter of Credit is paid to the Administrative Agent within three (3) Business Days after the
date such payment is due, such L/C Participant shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Lender, on demand an amount equal to the product of (i) such amount, times (ii) the daily average Federal Funds Effective
Rate during the period from and including the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Issuing Lender, times (iii) a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days that elapse during
such period and the denominator of which is 360. If any such amount required to be paid by any L/C Participant pursuant to Section 3.4(a) is not made available to the Administrative Agent by such L/C Participant within
three (3) Business Days after the date such payment is due, the Issuing Lender shall be entitled to recover from such L/C Participant, on demand, such amount with interest thereon calculated from such due date at the rate per annum applicable
to ABR Loans under the Revolving Facility. A certificate of the Issuing Lender submitted to the Administrative Agent and any L/C Participant with respect to any amounts owing under this Section shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.

(c) Whenever, at any time after the Issuing Lender has made payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any L/C
Participant its pro rata share of such payment in accordance with Section 3.4(a), the Issuing Lender receives any payment related to such Letter of Credit (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds
of collateral applied thereto by the Issuing Lender), or any payment of interest on account thereof, the Issuing Lender will distribute to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such L/C Participant, its pro rata share thereof; provided,
however, that in the event that any such payment received by the Issuing Lender shall be required to be returned by the Issuing Lender, such L/C Participant shall return to the Issuing Lender the portion thereof previously distributed by the Issuing
Lender to it. 

SECTION 3.5Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrower. If any drawing is paid under any Letter of
Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse the Administrative Agent for the amount of (a) the drawing so paid and in the applicable currency and (b) any taxes, fees, charges or other 

84 

costs or expenses incurred by the Issuing Lender in connection with such payment, not later than (x) in the case of any Letter of Credit to be reimbursed in Dollars 12:00 Noon, New York City
time, on (i) the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice of such drawing, if such notice is received on such day prior to 10:00 A.M., New York City time, or (ii) if clause (i) above does not apply, the Business Day immediately
following the day that the Borrower receives such notice or (y) in the case of a Letter of Credit to be reimbursed in an Alternative Currency, the Applicable Time specified by the Issuing Lender on the date of any payment by the Issuing Lender
(each such date, an Honor Date); provided that the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.5 and the provisions below that such payment to be
reimbursed in Dollars be financed with an ABR Revolving Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Loan. Each such
payment shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its address for notices referred to herein in the applicable currency and in immediately available funds. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower
pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the Issuing Lender. Interest shall be payable on any such amounts from the date on which the relevant drawing is paid until payment in full at the rate set forth
in (x) until the Business Day next succeeding the date of the relevant notice, Section 2.14(b) and (y) thereafter, Section 2.14(c). 

In the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall reimburse the Administrative Agent, for the
account of the Issuing Lender, in such Alternative Currency, unless the Issuing Lender (at its option) shall have specified in such notice that it will require reimbursement in Dollars. In the case of any such reimbursement in Dollars of a drawing
under a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Issuing Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower of the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the drawing promptly following the determination thereof. In the
event that (A) a drawing denominated in an Alternative Currency is to be reimbursed in Dollars pursuant to the first sentence of this paragraph and (B) the Dollar amount paid by the Borrower, whether on or after the Honor Date, shall not
be adequate on the date of that payment to purchase in accordance with normal banking procedures a sum denominated in the Alternative Currency equal to the drawing, the Borrower agrees, as a separate and independent obligation, to indemnify the
Issuing Lender for the loss resulting from its inability on that date to purchase the Alternative Currency in the full amount of the drawing. 

SECTION 3.6Obligations Absolute. The Borrowers obligations under this Section 3 shall be
absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of
Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in
any respect, (iii) payment by the Issuing Lender under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever,
whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrowers obligations hereunder. Neither the
Administrative Agent, the 

85 

Lenders nor the Issuing Lenders, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit
or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other
communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Lender;
provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Lender from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are
hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by the Issuing Lenders failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of
Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Lender (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), the Issuing
Lender shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in
substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Lender may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information
to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. 

SECTION 3.7Letter of Credit Payments. If any documents shall be presented for payment under any Letter of Credit, the
Issuing Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower of the date and amount thereof. The responsibility of the Issuing Lender to the Borrower in connection with any documents presented for payment under any Letter of Credit shall, in addition to any
payment obligation expressly provided for in such Letter of Credit, be limited to determining that the documents delivered under such Letter of Credit in connection with such presentment are substantially in conformity with such Letter of Credit.

SECTION 3.8Applications. To the extent that any provision of any Application related to any Letter of Credit is
inconsistent with the provisions of this Section 3, the provisions of this Section 3 shall apply. 

SECTION 3.9Replacement of the Issuing Lender. (i) Any Issuing Lender may be replaced at any time by written
agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Lender and the successor Issuing Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Lender. At the time any such replacement
shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 3.3. From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the
successor Issuing Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Lender under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Issuing Lender shall be
deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Lender, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Lender hereunder, the replaced Issuing Lender shall remain
a 

86 

party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Lender under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but
shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 

(ii) Any Issuing Lender may resign as an Issuing Lender
at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such Issuing Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 3.9(i) above. 

ARTICLE IV 

REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES 

To induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans or to issue or
participate in the Letters of Credit, Holdings and the Borrower hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and each Lender that: 

SECTION 4.1Financial Condition. 

(a) The pro forma covenant compliance certificate described in Section 5.1(j), copies of which have heretofore
been furnished to each Lender, has been prepared giving effect (as if such events had occurred on such date) to (i) the Loans to be made on the Funding Date and the use of proceeds thereof, (ii) the repayment of Indebtedness under the
Existing Credit Agreement and (iii) the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing. Such certificate has been prepared based on the best information available to the Borrower as of the date of delivery thereof, and presents
fairly in all material respects on a pro forma basis the estimated financial covenant compliance of Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the Funding Date, assuming that the events specified in the preceding sentence had actually occurred
at such date. 

(b) The audited consolidated balance sheets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2021, and the
related consolidated statements of income and of cash flows for the fiscal year ended on such date, reported on by and accompanied by an unqualified report from PricewaterhouseCoopers, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated
financial condition of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the fiscal year then ended. The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its
Subsidiaries as at March 31, 2022, and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the three-month period ended on such date, present fairly in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of
Holdings and its Subsidiaries as at such date, and the consolidated results of its operations and its consolidated cash flows for the three-month period then ended (subject to normal year end audit adjustments). All such financial statements,
including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods involved (except as approved by the aforementioned firm of accountants and disclosed therein and except for the
lack of footnotes with interim statements). No Group Member has any material Guarantee Obligations, contingent 

87 

liabilities and liabilities for taxes, or any long-term leases or unusual forward or long-term commitments,
including any interest rate or foreign currency swap or exchange transaction or other obligation in respect of derivatives, that are not reflected in the most recent financial statements referred to in this paragraph. 

SECTION 4.2No Change . Since December 31, 2021, there has been no development or event that has had or could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 4.3Existence; Compliance with Law. Each Group
Member (a) is duly organized or incorporated (as applicable), validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation (as applicable), (b) has the power and authority, and the legal right,
to own and operate its property, to lease the property it operates as lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged except to the extent that its failure could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, (c) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or other organization and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of property or the conduct of its business requires such
qualification, except to the extent that its failure to be so qualified could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) is in compliance with all Requirements of Law except to the extent that the
failure to comply therewith could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION
4.4Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations. Each Loan Party has the power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to obtain
extensions of credit hereunder. Each Loan Party has taken all necessary organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to authorize the
extensions of credit on the terms and conditions of this Agreement. No consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required in connection with the extensions
of credit hereunder or with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any of the Loan Documents, except (i) consents, authorizations, filings and notices described in Schedule 4.4, which
consents, authorizations, filings and notices have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and (ii) the filings referred to in Section 4.19. Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered on
behalf of each Loan Party party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document upon execution will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party party thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party in
accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles
(whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 

SECTION 4.5No Legal Bar. The execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowings hereunder, the issuance of the Letters of Credit and the use of the proceeds thereof will not violate any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of any Group
Member, except for any such violation which could not 

88 

reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and will not result in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to
any Requirement of Law or any such Contractual Obligation. No Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation applicable to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 4.6Litigation. No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority
is pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings or the Borrower, threatened by or against any Group Member or against any of their respective properties or revenues (a) with respect to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, or (b) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION
4.7No Default. No Group Member is in default under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations in any respect that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default or Event of Default has
occurred and is continuing. 

SECTION 4.8Ownership of Property; Liens. Each Group Member has title in fee simple to,
or a valid leasehold interest in, all its Real Property, and good title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all its other property (including Mortgage Notes) necessary in the ordinary conduct of its business, and none of such property is subject
to any Lien except as permitted by Section 7.3 and except for minor defects in title that do not materially interfere with its ability to conduct its business or to utilize such assets for their intended purposes and except
where the failure to have such title or other property interests described above would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. Each Group Member has obtained customary title insurance on its
owned Real Property. 

SECTION 4.9Intellectual Property. Each Group Member owns, or is licensed to use, all
Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently conducted, except where the failure to have any such rights, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No
material claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person challenging or questioning the use of any Intellectual Property or the validity or effectiveness of any Intellectual Property, nor does Holdings or the Borrower know of any valid basis
for any such claim, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of Borrower, the use of Intellectual Property by each Group Member does not infringe on the rights
of any Person in any material respect. 

SECTION 4.10Taxes. Each Group Member has filed or caused to be filed all
material Federal, state and other tax returns that are required to be filed and has paid all taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other taxes, fees or other charges
imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority (other than any the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have
been provided on the books of the relevant Group Member); no tax Lien has been filed, and, to the knowledge of Holdings and the Borrower, no claim is being asserted, that any such tax, fee or other charge is past due or delinquent. 

89 

SECTION 4.11Federal Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loans,
and no other extensions of credit hereunder, will be used (a) for buying or carrying any margin stock within the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U as now and from time to time
hereafter in effect for any purpose that violates the provisions of the Regulations of the Board or (b) for any purpose that violates the provisions of the Regulations of the Board. If requested by any Lender or the Administrative Agent, the
Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a statement to the foregoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form G-3 or FR Form U-1,
as applicable, referred to in Regulation U. 

SECTION 4.12Labor Matters. Except as, in the aggregate, could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: (a) there are no strikes or other labor disputes against any Group Member pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings or the Borrower, threatened; (b) hours worked by and payment made
to employees of each Group Member have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable Requirement of Law dealing with such matters; and (c) all payments due from any Group Member on account of employee health and
welfare insurance have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of the relevant Group Member. 

SECTION
4.13ERISA. Neither a Reportable Event nor an accumulated funding deficiency (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) has occurred during the
five-year period prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made with respect to any Single Employer Plan or Multiemployer Plan, and, except as, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan has complied in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code. No termination of a Single Employer Plan or Multiemployer Plan has occurred, and no Lien in favor of
the PBGC or such a Plan has arisen, during such five-year period. The present value of all accrued benefits under each Single Employer Plan that is a pension plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA (based on those
assumptions used to fund such Single Employer Plans) did not, as of the last annual valuation date prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made, exceed the value of the assets of such Single Employer Plan allocable to such
accrued benefits by a material amount. Neither the Borrower nor any Commonly Controlled Entity has had, within the past five years, a complete or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to
result in a material liability under ERISA, and neither the Borrower nor any Commonly Controlled Entity would become subject to any material liability under ERISA if the Borrower or any such Commonly Controlled Entity were to withdraw completely
from all Multiemployer Plans as of the valuation date most closely preceding the date on which this representation is made or deemed made. No such Multiemployer Plan is in Reorganization or Insolvent. 

SECTION 4.14Investment Company Act; Other Regulations. No Loan Party is an investment company, or a company
controlled by an investment company, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. No Loan Party is subject to regulation under any Requirement of Law (other than Regulation X of the Board) that limits
its ability to incur Indebtedness. 

90 

SECTION 4.15Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed to the Administrative
Agent by the Borrower in writing from time to time after the Closing Date, (a) Schedule 4.15 sets forth the name and jurisdiction of incorporation of each Subsidiary and, as to each such Subsidiary, the percentage of each class of
Capital Stock owned by any Loan Party and (b) there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments (other than stock options granted to employees or directors and directors qualifying
shares) of any nature relating to any Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, except as created by the Loan Documents. 

SECTION 4.16Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Term Loans and the Revolving Loans, and the Letters of Credit, shall be
used for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the financing of working capital needs, the repayment of Indebtedness of the Borrower (including Indebtedness under the Existing Credit Agreement) and its
Subsidiaries and acquisitions and other Investments permitted by this Agreement. 

SECTION 4.17Environmental Matters.
Except as, in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, to the best knowledge of Holdings and the Borrower after due inquiry: 

(a) the facilities and properties owned, leased or operated by any Group Member (the Properties) do not contain, and have
not previously contained during the ownership or lease of, or operation by, such Group Member, any Materials of Environmental Concern in amounts or concentrations or under circumstances that constitute or constituted a violation of, or could give
rise to liability under, any Environmental Law; 

(b) no Group Member has received or is aware of any notice of violation, alleged
violation, non-compliance, liability or potential liability regarding environmental matters or compliance with Environmental Laws with regard to any of the Properties or the business operated by any Group
Member (the Business), nor does Holdings or the Borrower have knowledge or reason to believe that any such notice will be received or is being threatened; 

(c) During the ownership or lease of, or operation by, any Group Member, Materials of Environmental Concern have not been transported or
disposed of from the Properties in violation of, or in a manner or to a location that could give rise to liability under, any Environmental Law, nor have any Materials of Environmental Concern been generated, treated, stored or disposed of at, on or
under any of the Properties in violation of, or in a manner that could give rise to liability under, any applicable Environmental Law; 

(d) no judicial proceeding or governmental or administrative action is pending or, to the knowledge of Holdings and the Borrower,
threatened, under any Environmental Law to which any Group Member is or will be named as a party with respect to the Properties or the Business, nor are there any consent decrees or other decrees, consent orders, administrative orders or other
orders, or other administrative or judicial requirements outstanding under any Environmental Law with respect to the Properties or the Business; 

(e) during the ownership or lease of, or operation by, any Group Member, there has been no release or threat of release of Materials of
Environmental Concern at or from the Properties, or arising from or related to the operations of any Group Member in connection with the Properties or otherwise in connection with the Business, in violation of or in amounts or in a manner that could
give rise to liability under Environmental Laws; 

91 

(f) the Business and all operations of any Group Member at the Properties are, and
have been, in compliance, with all applicable Environmental Laws, and there is no violation of any Environmental Law with respect to the Properties or the Business; and 

(g) no Group Member has assumed any liability of any other Person under Environmental Laws. 

SECTION 4.18Accuracy of Information, etc. The statements and information contained in this Agreement, any other Loan
Document, or any other document, certificate or statement furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, or any of them, for use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other
Loan Documents, taken as a whole, do not contain as of the date such statement, information, document or certificate was so furnished and as updated from time to time, any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements contained herein or therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which, and in light of the purposes for which, such statements are made. The projections and pro forma financial information
contained in the materials referenced above are based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed by management of the Borrower to be reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by the Lenders that such financial information as it
relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information will differ, possibly significantly, from the projected results set forth therein, and that no assurance
can be given that the projected results will be realized. There is no fact known to any Loan Party that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect that has not been expressly disclosed herein, in the other Loan Documents, or in
any other documents, certificates and statements furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for use in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents. 

SECTION 4.19Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. The Borrower, its Subsidiaries and to the knowledge of the Borrower, its
directors, officers, employees and agents to the extent acting on behalf of Borrower or its Subsidiaries or benefitting from the credit facilities established hereby, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all
material respects. None of the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of their respective directors, officers or employees that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person.No borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. 

SECTION 4.20Solvency. The Loan Parties, on a consolidated basis, are, and after giving effect to the incurrence of all
Indebtedness and obligations being incurred in connection herewith will be and will continue to be, Solvent. 

92 

SECTION 4.21Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions. None of the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and assuming no Lender is using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) of one of
more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, including the making of any Loan and the issuance of
any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406(a)(1)(A)-(D) of ERISA or Section 4975(a)(1)(A)-(D) of the Code. 

SECTION 4.22Status of Holdings. Holdings (i) is a REIT, (ii) has not revoked its election to be a REIT,
(iii) has not engaged in any prohibited transactions as defined in Section 856(b)(6)(iii) of the Code (or any successor provision thereto), and (iv) for its current tax year (as defined in the Code) is, and for
all prior tax years subsequent to its election to be a real estate investment trust has been, entitled to a dividends paid deduction which meets the requirements of Section 857 of the Code. The common stock of Holdings is listed for trading on
the New York Stock Exchange. 

SECTION 4.23Properties. Schedule 4.23(a), as supplemented from time to time,
sets forth a list of all Real Property of the Group Members and the owner (or ground-lessor) of such Real Property. Schedule SP, as supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, sets forth a complete and correct list of
all Real Property that constitute Secured Pool Property and each Real Property set forth therein has satisfied the requirements hereunder to constitute a Secured Pool Property (including satisfaction of the Secured Pool Property Collateral
Requirement in respect thereof). 

SECTION 4.24Affected Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an Affected Financial
Institution. 

SECTION 4.25Collateral Matters. Subject to the Legal Reservations (solely in the case of Security
Documents which are Non-U.S. Loan Documents), each Security Document is effective to create (to the extent described therein) in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, legal,
valid and enforceable Liens on, and security interests in, the Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock described therein to the extent intended to be created thereby, except as to enforcement, as may be limited by applicable domestic or foreign
bankruptcy, winding-up, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization (by way of voluntary arrangement, schemes of arrangements or otherwise), moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting
creditors rights generally, general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (a)when financing statements and other filings in the appropriate form are filed or registered, as applicable, in
(x) the offices of the Secretary of State or the Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation, as applicable (or equivalent office) of the jurisdiction of organization, incorporation or formation of each Pledgor or (y) with
respect to any Pledged Agreement governed by the law of any jurisdiction outside of the United States of America, Companies House, Registre de Commerce et des Socits and Jersey security interests register maintained under Part 8 of
the Security Interests (Jersey) Law 2012, as applicable and (b) upon the taking of possession or control (which possession or control shall be given to the Administrative Agent to the extent possession or control by the Administrative Agent is
required 

93 

under applicable law to perfect a security interest in such Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock) by the Administrative Agent of the Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock with respect to which a
security interest may be perfected only by possession or control, the Liens created by the Pledge Agreements will constitute fully perfected first priority Liens (subject only to Liens that are permitted under clause (iii) of the last paragraph
of Section 7.3 and Liens securing other Secured Pool First Lien Debt that are permitted to be pari passu to the Liens securing the Obligations) , in each case, so far as possible under relevant law on, and security interests in (to the extent
intended to be created thereby), all right, title and interest of the Pledgors in each case free and clear of any Liens other than Liens permitted hereunder. 

ARTICLE V 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

SECTION 5.1Conditions to Initial Extension of Credit. The agreement of each Lender to make the initial extension of
credit requested to be made by it is subject to the satisfaction, prior to or concurrently with the making of such extension of credit on the Funding Date, of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) Credit Agreement; Guarantee Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) this Agreement, executed and
delivered by the Administrative Agent, Holdings, the Borrower and each Person listed on Schedule 1.1A (which, subject to Section 10.8(b), may include any Electronic Signatures), and (ii) the Guarantee Agreement,
executed and delivered by Holdings, the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor. 

(b) Financial Statements. The Lenders shall
have received (i) audited consolidated financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for the 2021 fiscal year and (ii) unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for each fiscal quarter
ended after the date of the latest applicable financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph as to which such financial statements are available, and such financial statements shall not, in the reasonable judgment of
the Lenders, reflect any material adverse change in the consolidated financial condition of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, as reflected in the financial statements. 

(c) Projections. The Lenders shall have received satisfactory projections through 2024. 

(d) Approvals. All material governmental and third party approvals necessary in connection with the continuing operations of the
Group Members and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect, and all applicable waiting periods shall have expired without any action being taken or threatened by any competent authority that would
restrain, prevent or otherwise impose adverse conditions on the financing contemplated hereby. 

(e) Lien Searches. The
Administrative Agent shall have received the results of a recent lien search in each of the jurisdictions where assets of the Borrower and Holdings are 

94 

located, and such search shall reveal no liens on any of the assets of the Borrower or Holdings except for liens permitted by Section 7.3 or discharged or to be
discharged on or prior to the Funding Date pursuant to documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(f) Fees. The
Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid, and all expenses for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel), at least one (1) Business Day before
the Funding Date. All such amounts will be paid with proceeds of Loans made on the Funding Date and will be reflected in the funding instructions given by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent on or before the Funding Date. 

(g) Closing Certificate; Certified Certificate of Incorporation; Good Standing Certificates. The Administrative Agent shall have
received (y) a certificate of the secretary, assistant secretary or other appropriate officer of each Loan Party, attaching (i) the certificate of incorporation of such Loan Party that is a corporation certified by the relevant authority
of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party, (ii) the resolutions, written consents or other applicable action of such Loan Party authorizing, among other things, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
other Loan Documents (including the borrowing of the Loans, in the case of the Borrower), and the transactions contemplated in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (iii) an incumbency certificate certifying the names and true
signatures of the officers of such Loan Party entitled to sign this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and (z) a
good standing certificate for each Loan Party from its jurisdiction of organization (to the extent applicable). 

(h) Legal
Opinion. The Administrative Agent shall have received the legal opinion of (i) Goodwin Procter LLP, counsel to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the United States and the United Kingdom and (ii) Arnold Bloch Leibler, counsel to the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries in Australia, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agents. 

(i) Know-Your-Customer
Requirements. (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information regarding the Borrower requested in connection with applicable know your
customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, to the extent requested in writing of the Borrower at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date and (ii) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as
a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing
Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition
set forth in this clause (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 

(j) Compliance Certificate. The Lenders shall have
received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying as to compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.1 on a pro-forma basis on the Funding
Date after giving effect to the incurrence of the Loans, which certificate shall include calculations in reasonable detail demonstrating such compliance. 

95 

(k) Solvency Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a
solvency certificate from a Responsible Officer of Holdings certifying that it is Solvent. 

For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions
specified in this Section 5.1, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented
to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender. 

SECTION 5.2Conditions to Each Extension of Credit. The
agreement of each Lender to make any extension of credit requested to be made by it on any date (including its initial extension of credit), and of the Issuing Lender to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) Representations and Warranties. Each of the representations and
warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than any representation or warranty qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or
similar language, which shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case they were
true and correct on and as of such earlier date. 

(b) No Default. No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing on such date or after giving effect to the extensions of credit requested to be made on such date. 

(c) Alternative
Currency. In the case of Loans or Letters of Credit to be denominated in an Alternative Currency, there shall not have occurred any change in national or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or
exchange controls which in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders (in the case of any Loans to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) or the Issuing Lender (in the case of any Letter of Credit to be denominated
in an Alternative Currency) would make it impracticable for such Loan or Letter of Credit to be denominated in the relevant Alternative Currency. 

(d) (i) Secured Pool First Lien Funded Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio does not exceed the Maximum Secured Pool First Lien Debt to
Borrowing Base Ratio (without giving effect to any Secured Pool Enhanced Ratio Period) and (ii) Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio exceeds the Minimum Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio, in each case with respect to clauses (i) and
(ii), after giving effect to such Borrowing or other extension of credit on a pro forma basis. 

Each borrowing by and issuance of a Letter of Credit on
behalf of the Borrower hereunder shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower as of the date of such extension of credit that the conditions contained in Section 5.2(a), (b) and (d) have
been satisfied. 

96 

ARTICLE VI 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Holdings
and the Borrower hereby jointly and severally agree that, so long as the Commitments remain in effect, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding (except to the extent cash collateralized on a basis reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent)
or any Loan or other amount is owing to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted), each of Holdings and the Borrower shall and shall cause each of its
Subsidiaries to: 

SECTION 6.1Financial Statements. Furnish to the Administrative Agent for prompt further
distribution to each Lender each of the following: 

(a) as soon as available, but in any event within ninety (90) days after
the end of each fiscal year of Holdings, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related audited consolidated statements of income and of cash flows for such
year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, reported on without a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, by
PricewaterhouseCoopers or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing (other than as may be required as a result of the impending maturity of the Obligations maturing within one (1) year after the time such
opinion is delivered); and 

(b) as soon as available, but in any event not later than forty five (45) days after the end of
each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of Holdings, the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of
income and of cash flows for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, certified by a Responsible Officer as being fairly stated
in all material respects (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments). 

All such financial statements shall be
complete and correct in all material respects and shall be prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied (except as approved by such accountants or officer, as the case may be, and disclosed in reasonable detail therein and
except for the absence of footnotes with the interim statements) consistently throughout the periods reflected therein and with prior periods. Delivery by Holdings to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of its annual report to the SEC on Form 10-K and its quarterly report to the SEC on Form 10-Q, in each case in accordance with SEC requirement for such reports, shall be deemed to be compliance by Holdings with
Section 6.1(a) and Section 6.1(b), as applicable. 

SECTION
6.2Certificates; Other Information. Furnish to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution by the Administrative Agent to each Lender each of the following (or, in the case of clause (f), to the relevant Lender): 

97 

(a) as soon as available, but in any event within sixty (60) days after the end
of each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of Holdings and within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of Holdings, (i) a certificate of a Responsible Officer stating that, to the best of such
Responsible Officers knowledge, each Loan Party during such period has observed or performed all of its covenants and other agreements, and satisfied every condition contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a
party to be observed, performed or satisfied by it, and that such Responsible Officer has obtained no knowledge of any Default or Event of Default except as specified in such certificate, (ii) in the case of quarterly or annual financial
statements, (x) a Compliance Certificate containing all information and calculations necessary for determining compliance by each Group Member with the provisions of this Agreement referred to therein, including, commencing with the Compliance
Certificate delivered with respect to the first fiscal quarter ending after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, calculations of the Total Leverage Ratio, Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, Secured Leverage Ratio, the aggregate amount of any
outstanding Secured Pool First Lien Debt and any other Secured Pool Debt, the Borrowing Base Value, the Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio and the Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio, in each case as of the last day of the
fiscal quarter or fiscal year of the Borrower, as the case may be, and (y) to the extent not previously disclosed to the Administrative Agent, a description of any change in the jurisdiction of organization of any Loan Party since the date of
the most recent report delivered pursuant to this clause (y) (or, in the case of the first such report so delivered, since the Closing Date), (iii) the items described in Section 6.10 with respect to any Subsidiary
Guarantors created or acquired during such fiscal quarter, (iv) the items described in Section 6.14 with respect to any Additional Secured Pool Property and Additional Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock added during
such fiscal quarter and (v) updates to Schedules SP and 4.23(a) (if applicable); 

(b) as soon as available, and
in any event no later than ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, a detailed consolidated budget for the following fiscal year (including a projected consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
as of the end of the following fiscal year, the related consolidated statements of projected cash flow, projected changes in financial position and projected income and a description of the underlying assumptions applicable thereto), and, as soon as
available, significant revisions, if any, of such budget and projections with respect to such fiscal year (collectively, the Projections), which Projections shall in each case be accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer
stating that such Projections are based on reasonable estimates, information and assumptions; 

(c) within forty five (45) days
after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower (or ninety (90) days in the case of the fourth quarter), a narrative discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such
fiscal quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current fiscal year to the end of such fiscal quarter, as compared to the comparable periods of the previous year; provided that delivery to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of
Holdings annual report to the SEC on Form 10-K and its quarterly report to the SEC on Form 10-Q containing such narrative discussion and analysis shall be deemed
to be compliance with this Section 6.2(c); 

(d) prompt written notice of any change (i) in any Loan
Partys legal name, as set forth in such Loan Partys organizational documents, (ii) in the jurisdiction of incorporation or 

98 

organization of any Loan Party, (iii) in the form of organization of any Loan Party or (iv) in any Loan Partys organizational identification number, if any, or, with respect to a
Loan Party organized under the laws of a jurisdiction that requires such information to be set forth on the face of a Uniform Commercial Code financing statement (or the equivalent thereof in each applicable jurisdiction), the Federal Taxpayer
Identification Number of such Loan Party.; 

(e) within five (5) days after the same are sent, copies of all financial
statements and reports that Holdings or the Borrower sends to the holders of any class of its debt securities or public equity securities and, within five (5) days after the same are filed, copies of all material financial statements and
reports that Holdings or the Borrower may make to, or file with, the SEC; provided that delivery to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of Holdings quarterly report to the SEC on Form 10-Q and its
current report to the SEC on Form 8-K containing such narrative discussion and analysis shall be deemed to be compliance with this Section 6.2(e); and 

(f) promptly, such additional financial and other information as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably
request. 

SECTION 6.3Payment of Obligations. Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they
become delinquent, as the case may be, all its material obligations of whatever nature, except where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP with
respect thereto have been provided on the books of the relevant Group Member and except for any nonpayment of which could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

SECTION 6.4Maintenance of Existence; Compliance. (a)(i) Preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its
organizational existence and (ii) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except, in each case, as otherwise permitted by
Section 7.4 and except (other than with respect to the preservation of the existence of the Loan Parties) (x) to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or
(y) pursuant to any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, liquidation, dissolution or Disposition permitted hereunder; and (b) comply with all Contractual Obligations and Requirements of Law except to the extent that failure to comply
therewith could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Holdings will do all things necessary to maintain its status as a REIT and will maintain its listing
on the New York Stock Exchange. The Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by Holdings, the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees with
Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. 

SECTION 6.5Maintenance of Property; Insurance. (a) Except if the
failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, keep all property useful and necessary in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and
fire, casualty or condemnation excepted and (b) maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all its property in at least such amounts and against at least such risks (but including in any event public
liability, all-risks casualty and business interruption) as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business. 

99 

SECTION 6.6Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions.
(a) Keep proper books of records and account in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP (it being understood and agreed that any Foreign Subsidiary may maintain additional individual books and records in a manner that
permits preparation of its financial statements in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles that are applicable in its jurisdiction of organization and that such maintenance shall not constitute a breach of the representations,
warranties or covenants hereunder) and (b) permit representatives of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties and examine and make abstracts from any of its books and records at any reasonable time and
as often as may reasonably be desired and to discuss the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of the Group Members with officers and employees of the Group Members and with their independent certified public accountants
(subject to such accountants customary policies and procedures), all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; provided that, absent the
existence of an Event of Default, only the expenses of the Administrative Agent for one inspection during any calendar year shall be at the Borrowers expense; provided, further, that when an Event of Default exists, the Administrative Agent
(or any of its respective representatives or independent contractors) and the Lenders may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice. The Administrative Agent
and the Lenders shall give the Borrower the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Borrowers independent public accountants. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.6, none of
Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that (a) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (b) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective
representatives or contractors) is prohibited by law or any binding agreement or (c) is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product; provided that, to the extent legally permissible, the Borrower shall
notify the Administrative Agent that any such document, information or other matter is being withheld pursuant to clauses (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 6.6 and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
communicate, to the extent permitted, the applicable information in a way that would not violate such restrictions and to eliminate such restrictions. 

SECTION 6.7Notices. Promptly give notice to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution by the
Administrative Agent to each Lender of: 

(a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; 

(b) any (i) default or event of default under any Contractual Obligation of any Group Member or (ii) litigation, investigation
or proceeding that may exist at any time between any Group Member and any Governmental Authority, that in either case, if not cured or if adversely determined, as the case may be, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

100 

(c) any litigation or proceeding affecting any Group Member (i) in which the
amount involved is $10,000,000 or more and not covered by insurance, (ii) in which injunctive or similar relief is sought or (iii) which relates to any Loan Document; 

(d) the following events, as soon as possible and in any event within thirty (30) days after the Borrower knows or has reason to
know thereof: (i) the occurrence of any Reportable Event with respect to any Single Employer Plan or Multiemployer Plan, a failure to make any material required contribution to a Single Employer Plan or Multiemployer Plan, the creation of any
Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Single Employer Plan or Multiemployer Plan or any withdrawal from, or the termination, Reorganization or Insolvency of, any Multiemployer Plan or (ii) the institution of proceedings or the taking of any other
action by the PBGC or the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity or any Multiemployer Plan with respect to the withdrawal from, or the termination, Reorganization or Insolvency of, any Single Employer Plan or Multiemployer Plan; 

(e) [reserved]; and 

(f) any development or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.7 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer setting forth details of the
occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the relevant Group Member proposes to take with respect thereto. 

SECTION
6.8Environmental Laws. 

(a) Comply with, and take commercially reasonable steps to ensure compliance by all
tenants and subtenants, if any, with, all applicable Environmental Laws, and obtain and comply with and maintain, and take commercially reasonable steps to ensure that all tenants and subtenants obtain and comply with and maintain, any and all
licenses, approvals, notifications, registrations or permits required by applicable Environmental Laws, in each case to the extent the failure to do so could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Conduct and complete all investigations, studies, sampling and testing, and all remedial, removal and other actions required under
Environmental Laws and promptly comply in all material respects with all lawful orders and directives of all Governmental Authorities regarding Environmental Laws. 

SECTION 6.9Distributions in the Ordinary Course. In the ordinary course of business, the Borrower causes all of its
Subsidiaries to make transfers of net cash and Cash Equivalents upstream to the Borrower, and the Borrower shall continue to follow such ordinary course of business. The Borrower shall not make net transfers of cash and cash equivalents downstream
to its Subsidiaries except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice. 

101 

SECTION 6.10Additional Guarantors. (a) With respect to any
Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than a PropCo GP) which owns any interest in any Capital Stock in any Property Owning Subsidiary which owns or ground leases an Eligible Property that the Borrower has designated in writing to become a Secured
Pooled Property, cause such Subsidiary (A) to become a party to the Guarantee Agreement, (B) take such actions as are required by Section 6.14(a), (C) to deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of such
Subsidiary, substantially in the form of Exhibit C (or other certificate in customary form in the relevant jurisdiction), with appropriate insertions and attachments, and (D) if requested by the Administrative Agent, deliver to the
Administrative Agent legal opinions relating to the matters described above, which opinions shall be in form and substance, and from counsel, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(b) The Borrower shall deliver the items described in and required by clauses (a) above at the time of the delivery of the
Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.2(a) (or such other time as the Borrowing Base or Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio is first calculated inclusive of such Property as a Secured Pool Property). The Borrower
will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, cooperate with the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and execute such further instruments and documents as the Lenders or the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request to carry out to their
satisfaction the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

SECTION 6.11Notices of Asset
Sales, Encumbrances or Dispositions. The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders written notice not less than two (2) Business Days prior to a sale or other Disposition of a Secured Pool Property or of any Secured
Pool Property Pledged Stock. In addition, simultaneously with delivery of any such notice, the Loan Parties shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (A) a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying that (x) no Default or Event of
Default (including any non-compliance with the financial covenants contained herein) has occurred and is continuing or would occur on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the proposed sale, encumbrance or
other Disposition, which certificate shall include calculations in reasonable detail demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants, the Maximum Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio and the Minimum Secured Pool First Lien
Coverage Ratio, each on a pro-forma basis and (y) the requirements of Section 2.10(b)(ii) shall be (or shall remain) satisfied simultaneously with the consummation of such sale or other Disposition
and (B) an updated Schedule SP. The Borrower shall apply the Net Cash Proceeds of such transaction (together with such additional amounts as may be required), as required by Section 2.10(b)(ii). 

SECTION 6.12Maintenance of Ratings. The Borrower shall maintain a senior unsecured credit rating from each of S&P and
Moodys; provided that if the rating obtained from such rating agency is a private letter rating that is not monitored and automatically updated by such rating agency, then the Borrower shall obtain an annual update of such rating on or before
each anniversary of the Closing Date. 

SECTION 6.13Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans shall be used only for
the purposes set forth in Section 4.16 and in compliance with Section 4.11. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a
violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. The Borrower will not 

102 

request any Loan or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall not permit its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents to use, the
proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws,
(B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, or (C) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions
applicable to any party hereto. 

SECTION 6.14Secured Pool Properties.

(a) Addition of Secured Pool Properties. If the Borrower desires to include any additional Eligible Property as a Secured Pool
Property (each such addition a Secured Pool Property Addition), then the Borrower shall so notify the Administrative Agent in writing. No such Property shall be a Secured Pool Property hereunder unless and until each of the
following conditions is satisfied (or waived by the Required Lenders): 

(i) the proposed Property is an Eligible
Property; 

(ii) the Secured Pool Property Collateral Requirement has been satisfied with respect to such Property
(any Capital Stock pledged in order to satisfy the Secured Pool Property Collateral Requirement with respect to any Secured Pool Property Addition is referred to herein as Additional Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock); and 

(iii) the owners of the Capital Stock of the such Property Owning Subsidiary (and, if applicable, the Capital Stock of
the PropCo GP thereof) shall have satisfied the requirements of Section 6.10 hereof. 

(b) Substitutions
and Releases. Substantially concurrently with a Secured Pool Property Addition, the Borrower may request that other Properties cease to constitute Secured Pool Properties (a Substitution and the Secured Pool Properties
released thereby, Substituted Properties). Such Substitution will be permitted so long as the following conditions are satisfied, in each case on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Substitution:

(i) the Borrower is in compliance with each of the covenants set forth in Section 7.1; 

(ii) the Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio does not exceed the Maximum Secured Pool First Lien Debt to
Borrowing Base Ratio (without giving effect to any Secured Pool Enhanced Ratio Period); 

(iii) the Secured Pool First
Lien Coverage Ratio exceeds the Minimum Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio; 

(iv) the conditions precedent set
forth in Section 6.14(a) shall have been satisfied with respect to the applicable Secured Pool Property Addition; 

103 

(v) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing immediately prior to or after giving effect to such Substitution; and 

(vi) the Borrower shall have
delivered a certificate of a Responsible Officer to the Administrative Agent certifying as to the satisfaction of each of the conditions precedent set forth in clauses (i)-(v) of this Section 6.14(b). 

If the foregoing conditions are satisfied, the Borrower will be permitted to make such Substitution in connection with the applicable Secured
Pool Property Addition and the Administrative Agent will take such actions as are required by Section 10.14 to effect the applicable Property Release in connection with such Substitution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Borrower shall not be permitted to make any Substitution that would cause Properties with an aggregate Borrowing Base Value of greater than 10% of the Borrowing Base as of the beginning of any trailing twelve month period to become Released
Properties during such trailing twelve month period; provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to any Property which is proposed to become a Released Property solely due to the fact that such Property has ceased to constitute an
Eligible Property at the time of such Substitution. 

(c) The Borrower may request that any Additional Secured Pool Properties (other
than an Additional Secured Pool Property added in connection with a Substitution) cease to constitute a Secured Pool Property. Such release (an Additional Secured Pool Property Release) will be permitted so long as the following
conditions are satisfied, in each case on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the Additional Secured Pool Property Release:

(i) the Borrower is in compliance with each of the covenants set forth in Section 7.1; 

(ii) the Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio does not exceed the Maximum Secured Pool First Lien Debt to
Borrowing Base Ratio (without giving effect to any Secured Pool Enhanced Ratio Period); 

(iii) the Secured Pool First
Lien Coverage Ratio exceeds the Minimum Secured Pool First Lien Coverage Ratio; 

(iv) no Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing, or would occur after giving effect thereto; and 

(v) the Borrower shall have
delivered a certificate of a Responsible Officer to the Administrative Agent certifying as to the satisfaction of each of the conditions precedent set forth in clauses (i)-(iv) of this Section 6.14(c). 

If the foregoing conditions are satisfied, the Administrative Agent will take such actions as are required by Section 10.14 to effect
such Property Release. 

104 

ARTICLE VII 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Holdings and
the Borrower hereby jointly and severally agree that, so long as the Commitments remain in effect, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding (except to the extent cash collateralized on a basis reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) or
any Loan or other amount is owing to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder (other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claim has been asserted), each of Holdings and the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any
of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly: 

SECTION 7.1Financial Condition Covenants. 

(a) Total Leverage Ratio. Permit the ratio of (i) (A) Total Indebtedness (other than any such Indebtedness that has been
Discharged) minus (B) as of such date of determination, unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group Members in excess of $10,000,000 that is being held to repay that portion of Total Indebtedness that matures within twenty-four
(24) months of such date of determination to (ii) Total Asset Value (the Total Leverage Ratio) as at the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower or on the date of any incurrence of
Indebtedness by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries hereunder to exceed 60%. 

(b) Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. Permit the ratio
of Total EBITDA to Total Fixed Charges for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower to be less than 1.50 to 1.0. 

(c) Secured Leverage Ratio. Permit the ratio of (A) (i) the aggregate amount of all Secured Indebtedness (other than any
such Indebtedness that has been Discharged) minus (ii) as of such date of determination, unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Group Members in excess of $10,000,000 that is being held to repay that portion of Secured Indebtedness that
matures within twenty-four (24) months of such date of determination (the Secured Debt Reserve), to (B) Total Asset Value (the Secured Leverage Ratio), as at the last day of any period of four
consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower or on the date of any incurrence of Indebtedness by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries hereunder to exceed 40%. 

(d) [Reserved]. 

(e) [Reserved]. 

(f) [Reserved]. 

(g) [Reserved]. 

(h) [Reserved]. 

(i) Pro Forma Calculations. For purposes of the pro-forma calculations to be made
pursuant to Sections 7.1(a) and (c) (and the definitions used therein), such calculations shall be adjusted by (A) excluding from Total Asset Value the actual value of any assets sold by the

105 

Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries since the last day of the prior fiscal quarter and (B) adding to Total Asset Value the actual value of any assets acquired (or to be acquired with any
borrowing) by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries since the last day of the prior fiscal quarter. 

SECTION
7.2Indebtedness. Create, issue, incur, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except: 

(a) Indebtedness of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document, and the other Obligations; 

(b) (i) Indebtedness of the Borrower to any Subsidiary and of any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower to the Borrower or any other
Subsidiary, (ii) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower to any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower, and (iii) Indebtedness of any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary to the Borrower or to any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower in an aggregate amount not to exceed 5% of Total Asset Value at any one time outstanding; 

(c) Guarantee Obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of obligations of any
Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000 at any one time outstanding; 

(d) Indebtedness outstanding on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.2(d) and any refinancings, refundings, renewals or
extensions thereof that would not cause a violation of any covenant set forth in Section 7.1 after giving pro forma effect thereto; 

(e) (i) Indebtedness of the Borrower in respect of any Additional Senior Unsecured Notes and (ii) Guarantee Obligations of Holdings
and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, in respect of such Indebtedness; 

(f) additional Indebtedness of Holdings, the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding that would not cause a violation of any covenant set forth in Section 7.1 after giving pro forma effect to any such additional Indebtedness;
provided that, in the case of any such Indebtedness that constitutes Secured Pool Debt, after giving effect to the incurrence of such Indebtedness on a pro forma basis, the requirements set forth in the last paragraph of Section 7.3
shall have been satisfied; 

(g) Indebtedness with respect to obligations of the Borrower with respect to Swap Agreements permitted
by Section 7.12; and 

(h) Discharged Indebtedness. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7.2, or otherwise herein, neither the Property Owning Subsidiaries nor the
PropCo GPs shall be permitted to incur any Indebtedness for borrowed money (including any Guarantees thereof) in reliance on this Section 7.2 except (x) Guarantees of the Obligations incurred prior to the Amendment
No. 3 Effective Date and (y) unsecured intercompany debt owed to their immediate parents or the Borrower. 

106 

SECTION 7.3Liens. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien
upon any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except: 

(a) Liens for taxes that are not overdue for a period of
more than thirty (30) days or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, provided that adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, in
conformity with GAAP or the equivalent accounting principles in the relevant local jurisdiction; 

(b) carriers,
warehousemens, mechanics, materialmens, repairmens or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business that are not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days or that are being contested in good faith
by appropriate proceedings; 

(c) pledges or deposits in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other
social security legislation, or to secure statutory obligations; 

(d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts
(other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(e) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions and other
similar encumbrances that, in the aggregate, are not substantial in amount and that do not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; 

(f) Liens in existence on the date hereof listed on Schedule 7.3(f), securing
Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.2(d); 

(g) Liens securing the Obligations; 

(h) any interest or title of a lessor under any lease entered into by the Borrower or any other Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its
business and covering only the assets so leased; 

(i) (A) Liens securing Indebtedness constituting Indebtedness permitted by
Section 7.2(f); provided that, with respect to any such Indebtedness constituting Secured Pool Debt, the holders thereof are subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and (B) Liens incurred in connection
with the cash collateralization of any Swap Agreement permitted by Section 7.12; 

(j) Liens arising from
judgments or orders for the payment of money (or appeal or other surety bonds relating thereto) not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8; 

(k) Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under section 4-208 or 4-210 of the Uniform Commercial Code or other similar provisions of applicable law on the items in the course of collection and (ii) in favor of a banking or other financial institution arising as a matter of
common or statutory law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution (including the right of setoff); 

107 

(l) Liens (i) on advances of cash or Cash Equivalents in favor of the seller of
any property to be acquired in an Investment permitted hereunder to be applied against the purchase price for such Investment or other acquisition, and (ii) consisting of an agreement to Dispose of any property in a Disposition permitted
hereunder, in each case, solely to the extent such Investment or other acquisition or Disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien or on the date of any contract for such Investment or
Disposition; 

(m) Liens that are customary contractual rights of setoff or bankers liens (i) relating to the
establishment of depository relations with banks or other deposit-taking financial institutions in the ordinary course and not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (ii) relating to pooled deposit, automatic clearinghouse
accounts or sweep accounts of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, or
(iii) relating to securities accounts of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of business of Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries; 

(n) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; 

(o) customary rights of first refusal and tag, drag and similar rights in joint venture agreements entered into in the ordinary course
of business; 

(p) customary Liens of an indenture trustee on money or property held or collected by it to secure fees, expenses and
indemnities owing to it by any obligor under an indenture; 

(q) Liens on Real Property where a Group Member is insured against such
Liens by title insurance; 

(r) the interests of lessees and lessors under leases or subleases of, and the interest of managers or
operators with respect to, real or personal property made in the ordinary course of business; 

(s) Liens securing assessments or
charges payable to a property owner association or similar entity, which assessments are not yet due and payable or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, and for which adequate reserves with respect
thereto, to the extent required by GAAP, are maintained on the books of the applicable Person; 

(t) Liens on a Property acquired by
Borrower and or any of its Subsidiaries after the date hereof and which are in place at the time such Property is so acquired and not created in contemplation of such acquisition; and 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7.3, or otherwise herein, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not grant
or suffer to exist any Lien on any Secured Pool Property Pledged 

108 

Stock except for (i) Liens on the Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock (and not on any assets that do not constitute Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock) that are pari passu with the
Liens on the Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock securing the Obligations securing Indebtedness (such Indebtedness, together with the Obligations, Secured Pool First Lien Debt) so long as (A) the Secured Pool First Lien Debt
to Borrowing Base Ratio does not exceed the Maximum Secured Pool First Lien Debt to Borrowing Base Ratio (without giving effect to any Secured Pool Enhanced Ratio Period) at the time of and after giving pro forma effect to such incurrence of such
Secured Pool First Lien Debt and (B) the holders thereof are subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, (ii) Liens on the Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock (and which are not secured on any assets that do not constitute Secured
Pool Property Pledged Stock) that are junior to the Liens on the Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock securing the Obligations securing Indebtedness (such Indebtedness, Secured Pool Junior Debt and, together with Secured Pool First
Lien Debt, Secured Pool Debt)) so long as (A) the aggregate principal amount of Secured Pool Debt after giving effect to such incurrence (calculated assuming that the Revolving Commitment Utilization Percentage is equal to
100%) does not exceed 100% of the Borrowing Base and (B) the holders thereof are subject to an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement and (iii) non-consensual Liens permitted hereunder which do not
secure Indebtedness for borrowed money. 

SECTION 7.4Fundamental Changes. (a) Enter into any merger,
consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or Dispose of all or substantially all of its property or business, except that: 

(i) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may be merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into the Borrower (provided that
the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation) or with or into any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower (provided that a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving corporation); 

(ii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may Dispose of any or all of its assets (x) to the Borrower or any Wholly Owned
Subsidiary of the Borrower (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) (so long as the Secured Pool Property Collateral Requirements are satisfied with respect to any Secured Pool Properties affected thereby) or (y) pursuant to a Disposition
permitted by Section 7.5, provided that Dispositions of Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock and/or Secured Pooled Properties shall not be permitted at any time in reliance on this clause (a)(ii)(y); 

(iii) any Investment (not including Secured Pool Properties) not prohibited hereunder may be structured as a merger,
consolidation or amalgamation; and 

(iv) any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary of
the Borrower may merge, consolidate or amalgamate with any other non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower. 

109 

(b) With respect to Holdings or the Borrower, enter into any merger, consolidation,
amalgamation or reorganization transaction that would result in such Person being organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States. 

SECTION 7.5Disposition of Property. Dispose of any of its property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or, in the
case of any Subsidiary, issue or sell any shares of such Subsidiarys Capital Stock to any Person, except: 

(a) the Disposition
of obsolete or worn out property in the ordinary course of business; 

(b) the sale of inventory, receivables and other current
assets and any immaterial assets in the ordinary course of business; 

(c) Dispositions permitted by clause (ii)(x) of
Section 7.4(a); 

(d) the sale or issuance of any Subsidiarys Capital Stock to the Borrower or any
Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower; 

(e) to the extent allowable under Section 1031 of the Code, any exchange of like
property (excluding any boot thereon) for use in a permitted business between the Borrower or any Subsidiary and another Person; 

(f) the voluntary unwinding of any Cash Management Services or Swap Agreements; 

(g) the Disposition of other property, assets or Capital Stock so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing, or would occur after giving effect thereto and (ii) the Borrower complies with Section 6.11, if applicable; 

(h) the creation, granting, perfection or realization of any Lien permitted under this Agreement; the license or sublicense of
intellectual property or other general intangibles; the lease, assignment or sublease of property in the ordinary course of business so long as the same does not materially interfere with the business of Holdings, the Borrower and their
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; and any sale or disposition of property in connection with scheduled turnarounds, maintenance and equipment and facility updates; 

(i) the surrender or waiver of contract rights or settlement, release or surrender of a contract, tort or other litigation claim in the
ordinary course of business; 

(j) (i) any exchange or swap of assets, or lease, assignment or sublease of any real property or
personal property of like property for use in a business permitted by Section 6.18 and (ii) Dispositions of property to the extent that (x) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of
similar replacement property or (y) the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; 

(k) Dispositions of cash and Cash Equivalents; 

110 

(l) any Disposition (i) arising from foreclosure, casualty, condemnation or any
similar action or transfers by reason of eminent domain with respect to any property or other asset of Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; and 

(m) the transfer for fair value of property (including Capital Stock of Subsidiaries) to another Person in connection with a joint
venture arrangement with respect to the transferred property. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7.5, or
otherwise herein, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not be permitted to Dispose of any Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock or Secured Pool Property except as set forth in, and subject to the terms and conditions of,
Section 6.14 and Section 2.10(b)(ii). 

SECTION 7.6Restricted
Payments. Declare or pay any dividend (other than dividends payable solely in common stock of the Person making such dividend) on, or make any payment on account of, or set apart assets for a sinking or other analogous fund for, the purchase,
redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of, any Capital Stock of any Group Member, whether now or hereafter outstanding, or make any other distribution in respect thereof, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash or property or
in obligations of any Group Member (collectively, Restricted Payments), except that: 

(a) any Subsidiary of the Borrower
may make Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower, and any Subsidiary of the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to any other Subsidiary and any other holders of its Capital Stock so long as such
Restricted Payments are made on a pro rata basis or otherwise in accordance with the applicable governing documents; 

(b) the
Borrower may make Restricted Payments to Holdings (and Holdings may make Restricted Payments of such amount to its shareholders) in an amount not to exceed 95% of Normalized Adjusted FFO attributable to the period of four fiscal quarters then ended,
unless such Restricted Payment is necessary in order for Holdings to maintain its status as a REIT and to avoid any U.S. federal income taxes on the taxable income of Holdings or any excise tax under Section 4981 of the Code; provided that
(i) if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may only make Restricted Payments to Holdings in the amounts required to be made by Holdings in order to maintain its status as a REIT and (ii) the Borrower may not
make any Restricted Payments to Holdings if the Obligations have been declared due and payable. 

(c) redemptions, repurchases,
retirements or other acquisitions of Capital Stock in Holdings, the Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants or similar rights if such Capital Stock represent a portion of the exercise price of,
or tax withholdings with respect to, such options or warrants or similar rights; 

(d) the Borrower and the Subsidiaries may pay (or
make Restricted Payments to allow Holdings or any direct or indirect parent thereof to pay, so long as in the case of any payment in respect of Capital Stock of any direct or indirect parent of Holdings, the amount of such Restricted Payment is
directly attributable to the Capital Stock of Holdings owned directly 

111 

or indirectly by such parent) for the repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value of Capital Stock of Holdings (or such direct or indirect parent thereof) held by any
future, present or former officers, directors, employees, members of management and consultants (or their respective estates, executors, administrators, heirs, family members, legatees, distributes, spouses, former spouses, domestic partners and
former domestic partners) of Holdings (or any direct or indirect parent of Holdings) or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the death, disability, retirement or termination of employment of any such Person (or a breach of any non-compete or other restrictive covenant or confidentiality obligations of any such Person at any time after such Persons disability, retirement or termination of employment); and 

(e) (i) redemptions, repurchases, retirements or other acquisitions of Capital Stock in connection with or pursuant to any joint venture
agreement, and (ii) the declaration and payment of dividends or other distributions on any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiarys Capital Stock, in each case based on the relevant ownership interests in the
relevant class of Capital Stock. 

SECTION 7.7[Reserved]. 

SECTION 7.8[Reserved]. 

SECTION 7.9[Reserved]. 

SECTION 7.10Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into any material transaction, including any purchase, sale, lease or
exchange of property, the rendering of any service or the payment of any management, advisory or similar fees, with any Affiliate (other than Holdings, the Borrower or any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower) unless such transaction is
(i) for payments of compensation, perquisites and fringe benefits arising out of any employment or consulting relationship in the ordinary course of business, (ii) for payments of Restricted Payments permitted by this Agreement,
(iii) between or among Loan Parties, or (iv) (A) otherwise not prohibited under this Agreement and (B) in the ordinary course of business of the relevant Group Member, and (C) upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to
the relevant Group Member than it would obtain in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate. 

SECTION 7.11Sales and Leasebacks. Enter into any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by any Group
Member of real or personal property that has been or is to be sold or transferred by such Group Member to such Person or to any other Person to whom funds have been or are to be advanced by such Person on the security of such property or rental
obligations of such Group Member. 

SECTION 7.12Swap Agreements. Enter into any Swap Agreement, except (a) Swap
Agreements entered into to hedge or mitigate risks associated with liabilities, commitments, investments, assets, or property held or reasonably anticipated by the Borrower or any Subsidiary and for the Borrower or such Subsidiary has actual
exposure (other than those in respect of Capital Stock or any Additional Senior Unsecured Notes) and (b) Swap Agreements entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from fixed to floating rates, from one
floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 

112 

SECTION 7.13Changes in Fiscal Periods. Permit the fiscal year of the
Borrower to end on a day other than December 31 or change the Borrowers method of determining fiscal quarters. 

SECTION
7.14Negative Pledge Clauses. Enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any agreement that prohibits or limits the ability of any Group Member to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property
(including equity interests owned by such Group Member) or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall exclude any agreement that requires maintenance of financial covenant ratios regarding amounts of
secured debt or unencumbered assets), other than (a) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (b) any agreements governing any purchase money Liens or Capital Lease Obligations otherwise permitted hereby (in which case, any prohibition
or limitation shall only be effective against the assets financed thereby), (c) any restrictions set forth in the organizational documents of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower listed on Schedule ES, (d) any restrictions set forth in the
2013 Senior Unsecured Note Indenture, any Additional Senior Unsecured Indentures or any Secured Pool First Lien Debt incurred on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date or any Additional Secured Pool First Lien Debt which are not materially more
restrictive with respect to Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, than the equivalent restrictions set forth in the Secured Pool First Lien Debt incurred on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, (e) customary restrictions and
conditions contained in any agreement relating to the sale of any property pending the consummation of such sale; provided that (1) such restrictions apply only to the property to be sold, and (2) such sale is permitted hereunder,
(f) covenants in any one or more agreements governing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.2 (including additional Secured Pool Debt that is permitted under this Agreement) that are not materially more restrictive
with respect to Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, than the equivalent restrictions set forth in the Loan Documents, (g) any encumbrance or restriction in connection with an acquisition of property, so long as such encumbrance or
restriction relates solely to the property so acquired and was not created in connection with or in anticipation of such acquisition, (h) restrictions by reason of customary provisions restricting assignments, subletting or other transfers
contained in leases, licenses or similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business (provided that such restrictions are limited to the property or assets secured by such Liens or the property or assets subject to such leases,
licenses or similar agreements, as the case may be), (i) provisions limiting the disposition or distribution of assets or property in joint venture agreements, stock sale agreements and other similar agreements, in each case, to the extent permitted
under this Agreement and only if entered into with the approval of the Board of Directors of Holdings, which limitation is applicable only to the assets that are the subject of such agreement, (j) Contractual Obligations that are binding on a
Subsidiary at the time such Subsidiary first becomes a Subsidiary, so long as such Contractual Obligations were not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary, (k) are required by or pursuant to applicable law,
(l) are customary restrictions on leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses, Capital Stock, or asset sale agreements and other similar agreements otherwise permitted hereby so long as such restrictions relate to the assets subject thereto, and
(m) are customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business. 

SECTION
7.15Clauses Restricting Subsidiary Distributions. Enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction on the ability of any 

113 

Subsidiary of the Borrower to (a) make Restricted Payments in respect of any Capital Stock of such Subsidiary held by, or pay any Indebtedness owed to, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary
of the Borrower, (b) make loans or advances to, or other Investments in, the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower or (c) transfer any of its assets to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower, except for such
encumbrances or restrictions existing under or by reason of (i) any restrictions existing under the Loan Documents, the 2013 Senior Unsecured Note Indenture, any Additional Senior Unsecured Indentures or any Secured Pool First Lien Debt
incurred on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date or any Additional Secured Pool First Lien Debt which are not materially more restrictive with respect to Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, than the equivalent restrictions set forth
in the Secured Pool First Lien Debt incurred on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, (ii) any restrictions with respect to a Subsidiary imposed pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into in connection with the Disposition of all or
substantially all of the Capital Stock or assets of such Subsidiary, (iii) any restrictions set forth in the organizational documents of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower listed on Schedule ES, (iv) applicable Requirements of Law,
(v) customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest of a Subsidiary, (vi) any holder of a Lien permitted by Section 7.3 restricting the transfer of the
property subject to such permitted Lien, (vii) any agreement in effect at the time such Subsidiary becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower, so long as such agreement was not entered into in connection with or in contemplation of such Person
becoming a Subsidiary of the Borrower, and (viii) any restrictions in any one or more agreements governing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.2 (including additional Secured Pool Debt that is permitted under this
Agreement) that are not materially more restrictive with respect to Borrower and its Subsidiaries than the equivalent restrictions set forth in the Loan Documents. 

SECTION 7.16Lines of Business. Enter into any business, either directly or through any Subsidiary, except for those
businesses in which the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are engaged on the date of this Agreement or that are reasonably related thereto. 

SECTION 7.17Property Owning Subsidiaries; PropCo GPs. The Borrower shall not permit any Property Owning Subsidiary or
PropCo GP to hold any material assets (other than any Secured Pool Property and any cash necessary or incidental to the management and operation of such Secured Pool Property and, in the case of any PropCo GP, the general partnership interests in
the applicable Property Owning Subsidiary), become liable for any material obligations (other than any Guarantees of the Obligations effected prior to the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date) or engage to any material extent in any trade or business
or conduct any material business activity, other than (1) the issuance of such Property Owning Subsidiary or PropCo GPs Capital Stock to the applicable Pledgor, (2) holding and operating its Secured Pool Properties and interests in
leases or similar agreements with respect to the Secured Pool Properties and general partnership interests in the Property Owning Subsidiaries, whether as owner or ground lessor, and complying with its obligations under any ground lease,
(3) the incurrence of Indebtedness and Liens, and sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of the applicable Secured Pool Property or interests in leases or similar agreements with respect to the Secured Pool Properties and general
partnership interests in the Property Owning Subsidiaries, in each case, only to the extent permitted hereunder, (4) the entry into leases or similar agreements, obligations arising under applicable leases or similar agreements, and the
performance of obligations, and the enforcement of rights, under such leases or agreements, (5) maintaining such Property Owning Subsidiary or PropCo GPs corporate (or 

114 

other legal entity) form and any registrations, fees, taxes, or filings related thereto, (6) payment of any required taxes, (7) owning and operating bank accounts and investments in
cash and cash equivalents, (8) payment of cash to its parent entities not otherwise prohibited hereunder and (9) ordinary course liabilities and activities incidental to the foregoing. 

ARTICLE VIII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

If any of the following events shall occur and be continuing: 

(a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation when due in accordance with the terms hereof;
or the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or Reimbursement Obligation, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document, within five (5) days after any such interest or other amount becomes due in
accordance with the terms hereof; or 

(b) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party herein or in any
other Loan Document or that is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement furnished by it at any time under or in connection with this Agreement or any such other Loan Document shall prove to have been inaccurate
(i) in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made, (ii) in the case of any representation or warranty qualified by materiality, Material Adverse Effect or any similar language, in any respect
(after giving effect to such materiality qualifier) on or as of the date made or deemed made or (iii) with respect to the representation and warranty in Section 4.25, for any period longer than ten (10) Business
Days after notice to the Borrower from the Administrative Agent; provided that if such default is capable of being cured but cannot be cured within such ten (10) Business Day period and so long as the Borrower shall have commenced to
cure such default within such ten (10) Business Day period and shall be diligently pursuing such cure, the Borrower shall have an additional five (5) Business Day period (i.e., for a total period not exceeding fifteen (15) Business
Days pursuant to this clause (iii)) to cure such default; or 

(c) (i) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or
performance of any agreement contained in clause (i) or (ii) of Section 6.4(a) (with respect to Holdings and the Borrower only), Section 6.7(a), Section 6.13, or
Section 7 of this Agreement or Section 4 of the Guarantee Agreement or (ii) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in Section 6.2(d), and
such default shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days after notice to the Borrower from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; or 

(d) any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan
Document (other than as provided in paragraphs (a) through (c) of this Section), and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days after notice to the Borrower from the Administrative Agent or the Required
Lenders; provided that if such default is capable of being cured but cannot be cured within such thirty (30) day period and so long as the Borrower shall have commenced to cure such default within such thirty (30) day period and shall be
diligently pursuing such cure, the Borrower shall have an additional thirty (30) day period to cure such default; or 

115 

(e) any Group Member (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) shall (i) default in
making any payment of any principal of any Indebtedness (including any Guarantee Obligation, but excluding the Loans) on the scheduled or original due date with respect thereto; or (ii) default in making any payment of any interest on any such
Indebtedness beyond the period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness was created; or (iii) default in the observance or performance of any other agreement or condition relating to any such
Indebtedness or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which default or other event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or
beneficiary of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or beneficiary) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due, prepaid, repurchased, defeased or redeemed prior to its stated
maturity or (in the case of any such Indebtedness constituting a Guarantee Obligation) to become payable; provided, that a default, event or condition described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of this paragraph (e) shall not at any time
constitute an Event of Default unless, at such time, one or more defaults, events or conditions of the type described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph (e) shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to Indebtedness
the outstanding principal amount of which exceeds in the aggregate (x) $50,000,000, in the case of Recourse Indebtedness or (y) $100,000,000 in the case of Nonrecourse Indebtedness; provided further that this clause (e) shall not apply to
secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder; or 

(f) (i) any Group Member (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (A) under any
existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or
insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts, or (B) seeking appointment of a receiver,
trustee, custodian, conservator or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its assets, or any Group Member (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or
(ii) there shall be commenced against any Group Member (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above that (A) results in the entry of an order for relief or any
such adjudication or appointment or (B) remains undismissed or undischarged for a period of sixty (60) days; or (iii) any Group Member (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) shall take any action in furtherance of, or indicating its
consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in clause (i) or (ii) above; or (iv) any Group Member (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary) shall generally not, or shall be unable to, or shall admit in writing its
inability to, pay its debts as they become due; or 

(g) (i) any Person shall engage in any prohibited transaction (as
defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) involving any Plan, (ii) any accumulated funding deficiency (as defined in Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, shall exist with

116 

respect to any Plan or any Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Plan shall arise on the assets of any Group Member or any Commonly Controlled Entity, (iii) a Reportable Event shall occur with
respect to, or proceedings shall commence to have a trustee appointed, or a trustee shall be appointed, to administer or to terminate, any Single Employer Plan, which Reportable Event or commencement of proceedings or appointment of a trustee is, in
the reasonable opinion of the Required Lenders, likely to result in the termination of such Plan for purposes of Title IV of ERISA, (iv) any Single Employer Plan shall terminate for purposes of Title IV of ERISA, or (v) any Group Member or
any Commonly Controlled Entity shall, or in the reasonable opinion of the Required Lenders would be reasonably likely to, incur any liability in connection with a withdrawal from, or the Insolvency or Reorganization of, a Multiemployer Plan; and in
each case in clauses (i) through (v) above, such event or condition, together with all other such events or conditions, if any, would, in the reasonable judgment of the Required Lenders, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
or 

(h) one or more final judgments or decrees shall be entered against any Group Member (other than an Immaterial Subsidiary)
involving in the aggregate a liability (not paid or fully covered by insurance as to which the relevant insurance company has not denied coverage) of $50,000,000 or more, and all such judgments or decrees shall not have been vacated, discharged,
stayed or bonded pending appeal within thirty (30) days from the entry thereof; or 

(i) any of the Loan Documents shall cease,
for any reason, to be in full force and effect, or any Loan Party or any Affiliate of any Loan Party shall so assert other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder; or 

(j) any Lien purported to be created under any Security Document shall cease to be, or shall be asserted by any Loan Party or any
Property Owning Subsidiary not to be, a valid and perfected Lien on any material portion of the Collateral, with the priority required hereby or by the applicable Security Document, except as a result of (i) permission under any Loan Document
(including the sale or other disposition of the applicable Collateral in a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents), (ii) the release thereof as provided in Section 10.14 or (iii) the Administrative Agents failure to
(A) maintain possession of any stock certificate or other instrument delivered to it under any Security Document or (B) file Uniform Commercial Code continuation statements (or equivalent statements in any other relevant jurisdiction) in a
timely manner; or 

(k) (i) (any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) shall become, or obtain rights (whether by means or warrants, options or otherwise) to become, the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13(d)-3 and 13(d)-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 40% of the outstanding common stock of Holdings; (ii) the board of directors of Holdings
shall cease to consist of a majority of Continuing Directors; (iii) Holdings shall cease to own and control, of record and beneficially, 100% of the outstanding Capital Stock of the general partner of the Borrower or shall cease to own and
control, of record and beneficially, 90% of each class of outstanding Capital Stock of the Borrower free and clear of all Liens; or (iv) a Specified Change of Control shall occur; or 

117 

(l) Holdings shall (i) conduct, transact or otherwise engage in, or commit to
conduct, transact or otherwise engage in, any business or operations other than (A) those incidental to its ownership of the Capital Stock of the Borrower, (B) the maintenance of its legal existence (including the ability to incur fees,
costs and expenses relating to such maintenance), (C) the performance of its obligations and payments with respect to the Loan Documents and any other agreements permitted hereunder, (D) any public offering of its common stock or any other
issuance of its Capital Stock or hold proceeds thereof, (E) making payments or Restricted Payments to the extent otherwise permitted hereunder, (F) making Investments in its Subsidiaries, (G) participating in tax, accounting and other
administrative matters as a member of the consolidated, combined, unitary or similar group that included Holdings and the Borrower, (H) holding any cash, Cash Equivalents or other property received in connection with Restricted Payments
received from, and Investments in Holdings made by, its Subsidiaries, contributions to its capital or in exchange for the issuance of Capital Stock and Investments received in respect of any of the foregoing pending application thereof by Holdings,
and (I) providing indemnification and contribution, directors, officers, employees, members of management and consultants, (ii) incur, create, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness or other liabilities or financial obligations, except
(w) Indebtedness incurred with respect to guarantees of any Additional Senior Unsecured Notes, or other Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that is permitted by Section 7.2, (x) nonconsensual obligations
imposed by operation of law, (y) obligations pursuant to the Loan Documents to which it is a party and (z) obligations with respect to its Capital Stock, or (iii) own, lease, manage or otherwise operate any properties or assets
(including cash (other than cash received in connection with dividends made by the Borrower in accordance with Section 7.6 pending application in the manner contemplated by said Section) and cash equivalents) other than the
ownership of shares of Capital Stock of the Borrower; 

then, and in any such event, (A) if such event is an Event of Default specified in clause (i),
(ii), (iii) or (iv) of paragraph (f) above with respect to the Borrower, automatically the Commitments shall immediately terminate and the Loans (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents (including all amounts of L/C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder) shall immediately become due and payable (and the obligation
to deposit cash collateral for Letters of Credit described below shall become effectively immediately and such deposits shall become immediately due and payable), and (B) if such event is any other Event of Default, either or both of the
following actions may be taken: (i) with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower declare the Commitments to be
terminated forthwith, whereupon the Commitments shall immediately terminate; and (ii) with the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall, by notice
to the Borrower, declare the Loans (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all amounts of L/C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding
Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder) to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable. In addition, the Administrative Agent may with the consent of the Required
Lenders, and shall at the request of the Required Lenders, exercise on behalf of itself and 

118 

the Lenders all rights and remedies available under the Loan Documents and applicable law. With respect to all Letters of Credit with respect to which presentment for honor shall not have
occurred at the time of an acceleration pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall at such time deposit in a cash collateral account opened by the Administrative Agent an amount equal to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of such
Letters of Credit. Amounts held in such cash collateral account shall be held as collateral for the payment and performance of the Obligations and shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to the payment of drafts drawn under such Letters of
Credit, and the unused portion thereof after all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, if any, shall be applied to repay other obligations of the Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. The Administrative
Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of
the Administrative Agent and at the Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. After all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or
been fully drawn upon, all Reimbursement Obligations shall have been satisfied and all other obligations of the Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall have been paid in full, the balance, if any, in such cash collateral account
shall be returned to the Borrower (or such other Person as may be lawfully entitled thereto). Except as expressly provided above in this Section, presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind are hereby expressly waived by the
Borrower. 

In addition to any other rights and remedies granted to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in the Loan Documents, but
subject to the applicable Security Documents and each Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement, the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties may exercise all rights and remedies of a secured party under the New York Uniform Commercial Code or
any other applicable law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent, without demand of performance or other demand, presentment, protest, advertisement or notice of any kind (except any notice required by law
referred to below) to or upon any Loan Party or any other Person (all and each of which demands, defenses, advertisements and notices are hereby waived by Holdings, the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor, on behalf of itself and its
Subsidiaries), may in such circumstances forthwith collect, receive, appropriate and realize upon the Collateral, or any part thereof, or consent to the use by any Loan Party of any cash collateral arising in respect of the Collateral on such terms
as the Administrative Agent deems reasonable, and/or may forthwith sell, lease, assign give an option or options to purchase or otherwise dispose of and deliver, or acquire by credit bid on behalf of the Secured Parties, the Collateral or any part
thereof (or contract to do any of the foregoing), in one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, at any exchange, brokers board or office of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or elsewhere, upon such terms and conditions as it
may deem advisable and at such prices as it may deem best, for cash or on credit or for future delivery, all without assumption of any credit risk. The Administrative Agent or any Secured Party shall have the right upon any such public sale or
sales, and, to the extent permitted by law, upon any such private sale or sales, to purchase the whole or any part of the Collateral so sold, free of any right or equity of redemption in any Loan Party, which right or equity is hereby waived and
released by Holdings, the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries. The Administrative Agent shall apply the net proceeds of any action taken by it pursuant to the

119 

provisions of this Article VIII below, after deducting all reasonable costs and expenses of every kind incurred in connection therewith or incidental to the care or safekeeping of any of the
Collateral or in any other way relating to the Collateral or the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder, including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, to the payment in whole or in part of the Obligations, and
only after such application and after the payment by the Administrative Agent of any other amount required by any provision of law, including Section 9-615(a)(3) of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, need the Administrative Agent account for
the surplus, if any, to any Loan Party. If any notice of a proposed sale or other disposition of Collateral shall be required by law, such notice shall be deemed reasonable and proper if given at least 10 days before such sale or other disposition.

In the event that following the occurrence or during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Administrative Agent or any Lender, as
the case may be, receives any monies in connection with the enforcement of any the Loan Documents, such monies shall be distributed for application as follows: 

(a) First, to the payment of, or (as the case may be) the reimbursement of the Administrative Agent for or in respect of, all reasonable
costs, expenses, disbursements, fees, indemnities, and losses which shall have been incurred or sustained by the Administrative Agent in connection with the collection of such monies by the Administrative Agent, for the exercise, protection or
enforcement by the Administrative Agent of all or any of the rights, remedies, powers and privileges of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or in support of any provision of adequate indemnity to the
Administrative Agent against any taxes or liens which by law shall have, or may have, priority over the rights of the Administrative Agent to such monies; 

(b) Second, to pay any fees, indemnities or expense reimbursements then due to the Lenders from the Loan Parties; 

(c) Third to pay interest then due and payable on the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations ratably, 

(d) Fourth, to payment of Obligations constituting principal on the Loans and Reimbursement Obligations and obligations under Cash
Management Services and Lender Swap Agreements due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent or any Lender or to any Qualified Lender Counterparty by the Loan Parties, and to pay an amount to the
Administrative Agent equal to one hundred five percent (105%) of the aggregate undrawn face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit and the aggregate amount of any unpaid Reimbursement Obligations, to be held as cash collateral for such
Obligations, in each case ratably among the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and their Affiliates in proportion to the amounts described in this clause Fourth payable to them; and 

(e) Fifth, to the payment of any other Obligation due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any Affiliate of the Administrative
Agent or any Lender by the Loan Parties. 

120 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts received from any Guarantor shall not be applied to any Excluded Swap Obligation of such Guarantor, but appropriate adjustments shall be made with respect
to payments from other Loan Parties to preserve the allocation otherwise set forth in clauses (d) and (e) above. 

ARTICLE IX 

THE AGENTS 

SECTION
9.1Appointment. Each Lender and each Issuing Lender hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the entity named as Administrative Agent as the administrative agent and collateral agent under this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents, and each such Lender and Issuing Lender irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers
and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. In addition, to the extent required
under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States of America, each of the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders hereby grants to the Administrative Agent any required powers of attorney to execute any Security Document governed by the laws
of such jurisdiction on such Lenders or such Issuing Lenders behalf. Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender and each Issuing Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations
under, each of the Loan Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party, and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies that the Administrative Agent may have under such Loan Documents. 

Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except
those expressly set forth herein. In performing its functions and duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders (except in limited circumstances
expressly provided for herein relating to the maintenance of the Register), and its duties are entirely mechanical and administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

(a) where the Administrative Agent is required or deemed to act as a trustee in respect of any Collateral over which a security interest
has been created pursuant to a Loan Document expressed to be governed by the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, the obligations and liabilities of the Administrative Agent to the Secured Parties in
its capacity as trustee shall be excluded to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law; 

(b) the Administrative Agent shall not
be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing (and it is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent (or any similar term) herein or in any other Loan
Document with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary duty or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law, 

121 

and that such term is used as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties); additionally, each Lender agrees
that it will not assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by the Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and/or the transactions contemplated hereby; 

(c) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except
discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise or refrain from exercising as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall
be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 10.1), for which the Administrative Agent shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting, and, unless and until revoked in writing, such
directions shall be binding upon each Lender and each Issuing Lender; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that (i) the Administrative Agent in good faith believes exposes it to liability
unless the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification and is exculpated in a manner satisfactory to it from the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders with respect to such action or (ii) is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document
or applicable law, including any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or
termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any requirement of law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may seek clarification or direction
from the Required Lenders prior to the exercise of any such instructed action and may refrain from acting until such clarification or direction has been provided; 

(d) except as expressly set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the
failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity; and 

(e) each Secured Party, whether or not a party hereto, will be deemed, by its acceptance of the benefits of the Collateral and the
Guarantees of the Obligations provided under the Loan Documents, to have agreed to the provisions of this Article IX. 

Nothing in this
Agreement shall require the Administrative Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have
reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 

The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Lenders, and, except solely
to the extent of the Borrowers rights to consent pursuant to and subject to the conditions set forth in this Article, none of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any of their respective Affiliates, shall have any rights as a third party
beneficiary under any such provisions. The provisions of this Article shall survive the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Commitments and the termination of this Agreement. 

122 

SECTION 9.2Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform
any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such
sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of
the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agent except to the extent
that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and nonappealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agent.

SECTION 9.3Exculpatory Provisions. Neither any Agent nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates shall be (i) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such Person under or in connection with this Agreement
or any other Loan Document (except to the extent that any of the foregoing are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from its or such Persons own gross negligence or willful
misconduct) or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any
certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by the Agents under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability
or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agents reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic
means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) or for any failure of any Loan Party a party thereto to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. Further, the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any
duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered thereunder or in connection
therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the sufficiency, validity,
enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 5 or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other
than to confirm receipt of items (which on their face purport to be such items) expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or satisfaction of any condition that expressly refers to the matters described therein being acceptable
or satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or (vi) the creation, perfection or priority of Liens on the Collateral. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into or
monitor compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Institutions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not (x) be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender
or Participant or prospective Lender or Participant is a Disqualified Institution or (y) have any liability with respect to or arising out of any assignment or participation of Loans, or disclosure of confidential information, to any
Disqualified Institution. 

123 

SECTION 9.4Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent
shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any instrument, writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telecopy, telex or teletype message, statement, order or other document or conversation
believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to Holdings or the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts
selected by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may deem and treat the payee of any Note as the owner thereof for all purposes unless a written notice of assignment, negotiation or transfer thereof shall have been filed with the
Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders (or,
if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders) as it deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to
take any such action. The Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in accordance with a request of the Required Lenders (or, if so specified
by this Agreement, all Lenders), and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders and all future holders of the Loans. 

SECTION 9.5Notice of Default. The Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence
of any Default or Event of Default unless the Administrative Agent has received notice from a Lender, Holdings or the Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default and stating that such notice is a notice of
default. In the event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as
shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders); provided that unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received such directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be
obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the Lenders. 

SECTION 9.6Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Lenders. (a) Each Lender
expressly acknowledges that neither the Agents nor any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates have made any
representations or warranties to it and that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of a Loan Party or any affiliate of a Loan Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent to any
Lender. Each Lender and each Issuing Lender represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility, (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing
other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or Issuing Lender, in each case in the ordinary course of business, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each
Lender and each Issuing Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing), (iii) it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, any Arranger, 

124 

or any other Lender or Issuing Lender, or any of the Related Parties of any of the foregoing, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit
analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder and (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities
set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Lender, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is
experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent, any Arranger or any other Lender, and based on such
documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigation
as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their affiliates. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be
furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property, condition
(financial or otherwise), prospects or creditworthiness of any Loan Party or any affiliate of a Loan Party that may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates. 

(b) Each Lender, by
delivering its signature page to this Agreement on the Closing Date, or delivering its signature page to an Assignment and Assumption or any other Loan Document pursuant to which it shall become a Lender hereunder, shall be deemed to have
acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Loan Document and each other document required to be delivered to, or be approved by or satisfactory to, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on the Closing Date. 

(c) (i) Each Lender hereby agrees that (x) if the Administrative Agent notifies such Lender that the Administrative Agent has
determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and
collectively, a Payment) were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one
Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date
such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules
on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on discharge for
value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Section 9.6 shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

125 

(ii) Each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a
Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect
to such Payment (a Payment Notice) or (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Lender agrees
that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Administrative Agent, it
shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in
respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative
Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

(iii) The
Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent
shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party. 

(iv) Each partys obligations under this Section 9.6 shall survive the resignation or
replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 

(d) Each party hereto hereby agrees that neither the Administrative Agent nor the Sustainability Structuring Agent shall have any
responsibility for (or liability in respect of) reviewing, auditing or otherwise evaluating any calculation by the Borrower of any ESG Pricing Provisions (or any of the data or computations that are part of or related to any such calculation). 

SECTION 9.7Indemnification. To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the
Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender under Section 10.5, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any of their Related Parties (each, an Agent-Related
Person), as the case may be, such Lenders Aggregate Exposure Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount; provided that the unreimbursed expense
or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Lender in its capacity as 

126 

such. Each Lender severally agrees to indemnify and hold each Agent-Related Person harmless from and against any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and
disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at any time (whether before or after the payment of the Loans) be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, this
Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents or any documents contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by such Agent-Related Person under or in connection with
any of the foregoing; provided that the unreimbursed expense or Liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against such Agent-Related Person in its capacity as such; provided further that no Lender shall be liable
for the payment of any portion of such Liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements that are found by a final and nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted primarily from such Agent-Related Partys gross
negligence, willful misconduct or material breach of the Loan Document obligations of such Agent-Related Person. The agreements in this Section 9.7 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the
Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

SECTION 9.8Agent in Its Individual Capacity. Each Agent and its
affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party as though such Agent were not an Agent. With respect to its Loans made or renewed by it and with respect to any Letters of Credit
issued or participated in by it, each Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent, and the terms Lender and
Lenders shall include each Agent in its individual capacity. 

SECTION 9.9Successor Administrative Agent.
The Administrative Agent may resign as Administrative Agent upon ten (10) days notice to the Lenders and the Borrower. If the Administrative Agent shall resign as Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
then the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders, which successor agent shall (unless an Event of Default under Section 8(a) or Section 8(f) with
respect to the Borrower shall have occurred and be continuing) be subject to approval by the Borrower (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), whereupon such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of
the Administrative Agent, and the term Administrative Agent shall mean such successor agent effective upon such appointment and approval, and the former Administrative Agents rights, powers and duties as Administrative Agent shall
be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Administrative Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement or any holders of the Loans. If no successor agent has accepted appointment as Administrative Agent by
the date that is ten (10) days following a retiring Administrative Agents notice of resignation, the retiring Administrative Agents resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective; provided that, solely for purposes of
maintaining any security interest granted to the Administrative Agent under any Security Document for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to be vested with such security interest as collateral agent
for the benefit of the Secured Parties and, in the case of any Collateral in the possession of the Administrative Agent, shall continue to hold such Collateral, in each case until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed and
accepts such appointment in accordance with the 

127 

terms hereof (it being understood and agreed that the retiring Administrative Agent shall have no duty or obligation to take any further action under any Security Document, including any action
required to maintain the perfection of any such security interest), and the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of the Administrative Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor agent as
provided for above. After any retiring Administrative Agents resignation as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Section 9 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while
it was Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

SECTION 9.10Other Agents. The
Syndication Agent, the Documentation Agents, and the Arrangers shall not have any duties or responsibilities hereunder or under the other Loan Documents in its capacity as such and shall incur no liability hereunder or thereunder in such capacity,
but all such persons shall have the benefit of the indemnities provided for hereunder. 

SECTION 9.11Certain ERISA
Matters. (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a
Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the
following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan
Asset Regulations) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14
(a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general
accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain
transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable
with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the
meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the
Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

128 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed
in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b) In addition, unless sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or such Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date
such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, and each Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the
benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent, or any Arranger, any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender
(including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 

(c) The Administrative Agent, and each Arranger, Syndication Agent and Documentation Agent hereby informs the Lenders that each such
Person is not undertaking to provide investment advice or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, and that such Person has a financial interest in the transactions contemplated hereby in that
such Person or an Affiliate thereof (i) may receive interest or other payments with respect to the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, this Agreement and any other Loan Documents (ii) may recognize a gain if it extended the
Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments for an amount less than the amount being paid for an interest in the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments by such Lender or (iii) may receive fees or other payments in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby, the Loan Documents or otherwise, including structuring fees, commitment fees, arrangement fees, facility fees, upfront fees, underwriting fees, ticking fees, agency fees, administrative agent or collateral agent
fees, utilization fees, minimum usage fees, letter of credit fees, fronting fees, deal-away or alternate transaction fees, amendment fees, processing fees, term out premiums, bankers acceptance fees, breakage or other early termination fees or
fees similar to the foregoing. 

SECTION 9.12Collateral Matters. 

(a) Except (i) with respect to the exercise of setoff rights of any Lender in accordance with Section 10.7 or (y) with
respect to a Secured Partys right to file a proof of claim in an insolvency proceeding, no Secured Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce any Guarantee of the Obligations, it being
understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms thereof. 

129 

(b) In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation thereof, no arrangements in
respect of Cash Management Services and no Lender Swap Agreement will create (or be deemed to create) in favor of any Secured Party that is a party thereto any rights in connection with the management or release of any Collateral or of the
obligations of any Loan Party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. By accepting the benefits of the Collateral, each Secured Party that is a party to any such arrangement in respect of Cash Management Services or any Lender Swap
Agreement shall be deemed to have appointed the Administrative Agent to serve as administrative agent and collateral agent under the Loan Documents and agreed to be bound by the Loan Documents as a Secured Party thereunder, subject to the
limitations set forth in this paragraph. 

(c) The Secured Parties party hereto irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at
its option and in its discretion, to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document and any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement in accordance with the terms of Section 10.14. The
Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have a duty to ascertain or inquire into any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectability of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the
Administrative Agents Lien thereon or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Administrative Agent be responsible or liable to the Lenders or the other Secured Parties for any failure to monitor or
maintain any portion of the Collateral. 

(d) The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the
direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the applicable Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of such Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or
otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections
363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Loan Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at
the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and
shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis
that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or
debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid, (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign
any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned
to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the 

130 

Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with
respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required
Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to
the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 10.1 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties,
ratably on account of the relevant Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such
acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any
reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall
automatically be reassigned to the applicable Secured Parties pro rata with their original interest in such Obligations and the equity interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Obligations shall
automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition
vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information regarding the Secured Party (and/or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt
instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by such credit bid. 

(e) The Lenders and the other Secured Parties party hereto hereby irrevocably authorize and
instruct the Administrative Agent to, without any further consent of any Lender or any other Secured Party, enter into (or acknowledge and consent to) or amend, renew, extend, supplement, restate, replace, waive or otherwise modify any Acceptable
Intercreditor Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. The Lenders and the other Secured Parties irrevocably agree that any Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement entered into by the Administrative Agent shall be binding on the Secured
Parties, and each Lender and each of the other Secured Parties hereby agrees that it will take no actions contrary to the provisions of an Acceptable Intercreditor Agreement. 

SECTION 9.13Security Trustee. For the purposes of any Lien or guarantees created or secured under any UK Share Charge (as
defined in Amendment No. 3), the following additional provisions shall apply, in addition to the provisions set out in this Article IX or otherwise hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, any reference to the Administrative
Agent in this paragraph shall refer to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as security trustee, which shall hold any Secured Property and guarantee on trust for each of the Secured Parties: 

131 

(a) With respect to any UK Share Charge: 

(i) In this paragraph, the following terms shall have the following definitions: 

(A) Appointee means any receiver, administrator, administrative receiver or liquidator appointed in
respect of any Loan Party or its assets; 

(B) Delegate means any delegate, nominee, agent,
attorney or co-trustee appointed by the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as security trustee); and 

(C) Secured Property means any assets and undertakings subject to a Lien under the terms of any UK
Share Charge. 

(ii) Each Lender (and, if applicable, each other Secured Party) hereby appoints the Administrative
Agent to hold the security interests and guarantee constituted by any UK Share Charge on trust for the Secured Parties on the terms of the Loan Documents and the Administrative Agent accepts such appointment and declares that it holds the Secured
Property charged and guarantee granted under any UK Share Charge on trust for the Secured Parties on the terms of the Loan Documents. 

(iii) Each Lender (and, if applicable, each other Secured Party) authorizes the Administrative Agent to perform the
duties, obligations and responsibilities and to exercise the rights, powers, authorities and discretions specifically given to the Administrative Agent as security trustee under or in connection with the Loan Documents together with any other
incidental rights, powers, authorities and discretions. 

(iv) The Administrative Agent may appoint one or more
Delegates on such terms (which may include the power to sub-delegate) and subject to such conditions as it thinks fit, to exercise and perform all or any of the duties, rights, powers and discretions vested in
it by any UK Share Charge and shall not be obliged to supervise any delegate or be responsible to any person for any loss incurred by reason of any act, omission, misconduct or default on the part of any Delegate. 

(v) The Administrative Agent may (whether for the purpose of complying with any law or regulation of any overseas
jurisdiction, for obtaining or enforcing any judgment in any overseas jurisdiction or if it considers the appointment to be in the interests of the Secured Parties in respect of which it acts as security trustee) appoint (and subsequently remove)
any person to act jointly with or to replace the Administrative Agent either as a separate trustee or as a co-trustee on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Administrative Agent may determine and
with such of the duties, rights, powers and discretions vested in the Administrative Agent by any UK Share Charge as may be conferred by the instrument of appointment of such person; and the Administrative Agent shall give prior notice to the
Borrower of any such appointment. 

132 

(vi) The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of the
appointment of each Appointee (other than a Delegate). 

(vii) The Administrative Agent may pay reasonable
remuneration to any Delegate or Appointee, together with any costs and expenses (including legal fees) reasonably incurred by the Delegate or Appointee in direct connection with its appointment. All such reasonable remuneration, costs and expenses
shall be treated, for the purposes of this Agreement, as paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent. 

(viii) Each
Lender (and, if applicable, each other Secured Party) confirms its approval of any UK Share Charge and authorizes and instructs the Administrative Agent: (i) to execute and deliver any UK Share Charge; (ii) to exercise the rights, powers
and discretions given to the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as security trustee) under or in connection with any UK Share Charge together with any other incidental rights, powers and discretions; and (iii) to give any authorizations and
confirmations to be given by the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as security trustee) on behalf of each Secured Party under any UK Share Charge. 

(ix) The Administrative Agent may accept without inquiry the title (if any) which any person may have to the Secured
Property charged under any UK Share Charge. 

(x) Each Lender (and, if applicable, each other Secured Party) confirms
that it does not wish to be registered as a joint proprietor of any security interest constituted by any UK Share Charge and accordingly authorizes: (i) the Administrative Agent to hold such security interest in its sole name (or in the name of
any Delegate) as trustee for the Secured Parties; and (ii) if required by any UK Share Charge, the HM Land Registry (or other relevant registry) to register the Administrative Agent (or any Delegate or Appointee) as a sole proprietor of such
security interest. 

(xi) Except to the extent that any UK Share Charge or the provisions of this Agreement otherwise
require and prior to the application of proceeds from the relevant Secured Property in accordance with the penultimate paragraph of Article VIII, any moneys which the Administrative Agent receives under or pursuant to any UK Share Charge as part of
any enforcement procedure may be: (i) invested in any investments which the Administrative Agent selects and which are authorized by applicable law; or (ii) placed on deposit at any bank or institution (including with the Administrative
Agent and any branch or affiliate of the Administrative Agent) on terms that the Administrative Agent may determine, in each case in the name or under the control of the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall hold those moneys,
together with any accrued income (net of any applicable Taxes) and shall pay them to each Secured Party on demand in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

133 

(xii) The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for: (a) any
defect in or failure of the title (if any) which any person may have to any assets over which security is intended to be created by any UK Share Charge; (b) any loss resulting from the investment or deposit at any bank of enforcement moneys
which it invests or deposits in a manner permitted by any UK Share Charge and/or this Agreement; (c) the exercise of, or the failure to exercise, any right, power or discretion given to it by or in connection with any Loan Document, other than
gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined pursuant to a final, non-appealable judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction; or (d) any shortfall which arises on enforcing any UK
Share Charge. 

(xiii) The Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to: (a) obtain any authorization or
environmental permit in respect of any Secured Property or UK Share Charge; (b) hold in its own possession any UK Share Charge, title deed or other document relating to the any Secured Property or any UK Share Charge (c) perfect, protect,
register, make any filing or give any notice in respect of any UK Share Charge (or the order of ranking of any UK Share Charge), unless that failure arises directly from its own gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (d) require any further
assurances in relation to any UK Share Charge. 

(xiv) In respect of any UK Share Charge, the Administrative Agent
shall not be obligated to: (i) insure, or require any other person to insure, any security under the Secured Property; or (ii) make any enquiry or conduct any investigation into the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or
enforceability of any insurance existing over such Secured Property. 

(xv) In respect of any UK Share Charge, the
Administrative Agent shall not have any obligation or duty to any person for any loss suffered as a result of: (i) the lack or inadequacy of an insurance; or (ii) the failure of the Administrative Agent to notify the insurers of any
material fact relating to the risk assumed by them, or of any other information of any kind, unless Required Lenders have requested it to do so in writing and the Administrative Agent has failed to do so within fourteen (14) days after receipt
of that request. 

(xvi) Every appointment of a successor Administrative Agent under any UK Share Charge shall be by
deed. 

(xvii) Section 1 of the United Kingdom Trustee Act 2000 shall not apply to the duty of the Administrative
Agent in relation to the trusts constituted by this Agreement. 

(xviii) The perpetuity period under the rule against
perpetuities if applicable to this Agreement and any UK Share Charge shall be eighty (80) years from the date of this Agreement. 

134 

(xix) The Administrative Agent, in its capacity as security trustee,
shall be entitled to the benefit of the indemnities and exculpatory provisions set forth in this Agreement that otherwise apply to the Administrative Agent. 

(xx) If the Administrative Agent, with the approval of each of the Administrative Agent and each Secured Party,
determines that (x) all of the Obligations and all other obligations secured by any UK Share Charge have been fully and finally discharged and all letters of credit have expired or have been terminated, and (y) none of the Secured Parties
is under any commitment, obligation or liability (actual or contingent) to make advances or provide other financial accommodation to any Loan Party pursuant to the Loan Documents: 

(A) the trusts set out in this Agreement shall be wound up and the Administrative Agent shall release, without recourse,
representation or warranty, all of the Liens and the rights of the Administrative Agent under any UK Share Charge; and 

(B) any retiring Administrative Agent shall release, without recourse, representation or warranty, all of its rights
under any UK Share Charge. 

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION
10.1Amendments and Waivers. Subject to Section 2.16(b) and (c), neither this Agreement, any other Loan Document, nor any terms hereof or thereof may be amended, supplemented or modified except in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 10.1. The Required Lenders and each Loan Party party to the relevant Loan Document may, or, with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and each
Loan Party party to the relevant Loan Document may, from time to time, (a) enter into written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Loan Documents for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or the
other Loan Documents or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or of the Loan Parties hereunder or thereunder or (b) waive, on such terms and conditions as the Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, may
specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences; provided, however, that no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification
shall: (i) forgive or reduce the principal amount or extend the final scheduled date of maturity of any Loan (except as provided in Section 2.25), reduce the stated rate of any interest or fee payable hereunder (except
(x) as contemplated by Section 2.26, (y) in connection with the waiver of applicability of any post-default increase in interest rates (which waiver shall be effective with the consent of the Required Lenders and
(z) that any amendment or modification of defined terms used in the financial covenants in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or fees for purposes of this clause (i)), extend the scheduled date of any
payment thereof, or increase the amount or extend the expiration date of any Lenders Commitment, in each case without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; (ii) eliminate or reduce the voting rights of any Lender
under this Section 10.1 without the written consent of such Lender; (iii) reduce any percentage specified in 

135 

the definition of Required Lenders, consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, or release
Holdings from its obligations under the Guarantee Agreement or release the Borrower from its obligations under any Qualified Borrower Guarantee, in each case without the written consent of all Lenders; (iv) amend, modify or waive any provision
of Section 9 without the written consent of the Administrative Agent; (v) release all or substantially all the Collateral from the Liens of the Security Documents without the written consent of each Lender (except as
expressly provided in Section 10.14 or the applicable Security Document (including any such release by the Administrative Agent in connection with any sale or other disposition of the Collateral upon the exercise of remedies under the Security
Documents)); (vi) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 2.24 or Section 3 without the written consent of the Issuing Lender; (vii) change Section 2.17(a),
(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender affected thereby; (viii) amend Section 1.4 or the definition of
Alternative Currency without the consent of each Revolving Lender; (ix) reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Majority Facility Lenders with respect to any Facility without the written consent of all
Lenders under such Facility; (x) amend the last paragraph of Section 8 (regarding the application of funds after an Event of Default), without the written consent of each Lender adversely affected thereby;
(xi) amend, modify or waive Section 5.2 without the consent of the applicable Majority Facility Lenders of the affected Facility; (xii) waive any condition set forth in Section 5.1
without the consent of all Lenders; (xiii) extend the expiry date of any Letter of Credit beyond the Revolving Termination Date without the consent of each Revolving Lender; or (xiv)(A) subordinate, or have the effect of subordinating, the
Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness, (B) subordinate, or have the effect of subordinating, the Liens securing the Obligations to Liens securing any other Indebtedness, or (C) modify Section 2.17 or the
penultimate paragraph of Article VIII or any other provision hereof in a manner that would have the effect of altering the ratable reduction of Commitments or the pro rata sharing of payments otherwise required hereunder, except in each case
(x) in connection with a debtor in possession financing (or any similar financing arrangement in an insolvency proceeding in a non-U.S. jurisdiction) or (ii) if each adversely affected
Lender has been offered a bona fide opportunity to fund or otherwise provide its pro rata share of such Indebtedness on the same terms (other than bona fide backstop fees and reimbursement of counsel fees and other expenses in connection with the
negotiation of the terms of such transaction, collectively, Ancillary Fees) as offered to all other providers (or their Affiliates) of such Indebtedness. Any such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall
apply equally to each of the Lenders and shall be binding upon the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent and all future holders of the Loans. In the case of any waiver, the Loan Parties, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall
be restored to their former position and rights hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other
Default or Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. 

SECTION 10.2Notices. (a) All notices,
requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing (including by telecopy), and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered, or three
(3) Business Days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or, in the 

136 

case of telecopy notice, when received, addressed as follows in the case of Holdings, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and as set forth in an Administrative Questionnaire delivered to
the Administrative Agent in the case of the Lenders, or to such other address as may be hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto: 

Holdings: Medical Properties Trust, Inc.

1000 Urban Center Drive, Suite 501

Birmingham, AL 35242

Attention: R. Steven Hamner

Telecopy: (205) 969-3756

Telephone: (205) 969-3755

Borrower: MPT Operating Partnership, L.P.

c/o Medical Properties Trust, Inc.

1000 Urban Center Drive, Suite 501

Birmingham, AL 35242

Attention: R. Steven Hamner

Telecopy: (205) 969-3756

Telephone: (205) 969-3755

With a copy to: Goodwin Procter LLP

100 Northern Avenue

Boston, MA 02210

Attention: Anna Dodson

Telecopy: (617) 523-1231

Telephone: (617) 570-1164

and 

Attention: Reid Bagwell

Telephone: (617) 570-1443

Administrative Agent: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

500 Stanton Christiana Road

NCC5/1st Floor

Newark, DE 19713-2107

Attention: Loan & Agency Services Group

Email: laura.delgadillo@jpmchase.com

Telephone: (302) 634-8561

With a copy to:

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.

8181 Communications Pkwy

Plano, TX 75024

Attention: Cody Canafax

Email: cody.canafax@jpmorgan.com

Telephone:(972) 324-5152

137 

provided that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Administrative Agent or the Lenders shall not be
effective until received. 

(b) Notices and other communications to the Borrower and the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or
furnished by electronic communications (including Electronic Systems) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Section 2 unless
otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to
procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 

Unless the
Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended
recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet
website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is
available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication
shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 

(c) Any party hereto may
change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 

(d) Electronic Systems. 

(i) Each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make Communications (as
defined below) available to the Issuing Lenders and the other Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar Electronic System. 

(ii) Although the Electronic System and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures
and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Closing Date, a user ID/password authorization system) and the Electronic System is secured through a
per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Electronic System only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the
Lenders, each of the Issuing Lenders and the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the 

138 

Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Lender that are added to the Electronic System, and that there may be confidentiality and
other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing Lenders and the Borrower hereby approves distribution of the Communications through the Electronic System and understands and assumes the risks of such
distribution. 

(iii) Any Electronic System used by the Administrative Agent and the Communications are provided
as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Communications or the adequacy of such Electronic Systems and expressly disclaim liability for errors or
omissions in the Electronic System and the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or any Electronic System. In no event shall the
Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to the Borrower or the other Loan Parties, any Lender, the Issuing Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind,
including, without limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrowers, any Loan Partys or the Administrative Agents
transmission of communications through an Electronic System. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan
Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Lender by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Electronic System. 

(iv) Each Lender and each Issuing Lender agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that
Communications have been posted to the Electronic System shall constitute effective delivery of the Communications to such Lender for purposes of the Loan Documents. Each Lender and Issuing Lender agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent
in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Lenders or Issuing Lenders (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and
(ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. 

(v) Each of the Lenders, each of the Issuing
Lenders and the Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the Communications on the Electronic System in accordance with the Administrative Agents
generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. 

139 

(vi) Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative
Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Lender to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan Document in any other manner specified in such Loan Document. 

SECTION 10.3No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the
Administrative Agent or any Lender, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and
privileges provided by law or otherwise available. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by
Section 10.1, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a
Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Lender may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 

SECTION 10.4Survival. All covenants, representations and warranties made by the Borrower hereunder, in the other Loan
Documents and in any document, certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and
the making of the Loans and other extensions of credit hereunder, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender or any Lender may have had notice
or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other
amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.18, 2.19, 2.20 and 10.5 and Article IX shall survive and
remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or
any provision hereof. 

SECTION 10.5Payment of Expenses and Taxes. The Borrower agrees (a) to pay or reimburse
the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates for all its reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the
development, syndication, preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, and the consummation and
administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and including such costs and expenses incurred under Section 6.10
and 6.14, with statements with respect to the foregoing to be submitted to the Borrower prior to the Funding Date (in the case of amounts to be paid on the Funding Date) and from time to time thereafter on

140 

a quarterly basis or such other periodic basis as the Administrative Agent shall deem appropriate, (b) to pay or reimburse each Lender and the Administrative Agent for all its documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement or preservation of any rights under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other
documents (including any workout or restructuring or negotiations in respect thereof), including the documented fees and disbursements and other out-of-pocket costs of
counsel to each Lender and of counsel to the Administrative Agent and in connection with the review of Properties for inclusion as Secured Pool Properties, ongoing due diligence and collateral review and preservation in respect of Secured Pool
Properties, the Administrative Agents other activities under Section 10.14 and the fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent relating to all such activities, (c) to pay, indemnify, and hold
each Lender and the Administrative Agent harmless from, any and all recording and filing fees and any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any delay in paying, stamp, excise and other taxes, if any, that may be payable or
determined to be payable in connection with the execution and delivery of, or consummation or administration of any of the transactions contemplated by, or any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any waiver or consent under or in respect
of, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents, and (d) to pay, indemnify, and hold each Lender, the Administrative Agent and the Sustainability Structuring Agent and their respective officers, directors, employees,
affiliates, advisors, trustees, agents and controlling persons (each, an Indemnitee) harmless from and against any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or
disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever, including the reasonable documented fees and expenses of legal counsel (except for Taxes, other than Taxes that represent losses, costs or expenses arising from any
non-Tax claims) incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any Loan Party with respect to (1) the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance
and administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents, including any of the foregoing relating to the use of proceeds of the Loans or Letters of Credit (including any refusal by an Issuing Lender to honor a
demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit) or (2) any actual or alleged presence or release of Materials of Environmental
Concern, or the violation of, noncompliance with or liability under, any Environmental Law, in each case applicable to the operations of any Group Member or any of the Properties or (3) in connection with claims, actions, arbitrations, or
proceedings by any Indemnitee against any Loan Party under any Loan Document or asserted against any Indemnitee relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such claim, action, arbitration, or proceeding is brought by the Borrower or any other
Loan Party or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (all the foregoing in this clause (d),
collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities), provided, that the Borrower shall have no obligation hereunder to any Indemnitee with respect to Indemnified Liabilities to the extent such Indemnified Liabilities are found by a final and
nonappealable decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or material breach of Loan Document obligations of such Indemnitee. Without limiting the foregoing, and to the extent
permitted by applicable law, the Borrower agrees not to assert and to cause its Subsidiaries not to assert, and hereby waives and agrees to cause its Subsidiaries to waive, all rights for contribution or any other rights of recovery with respect to
all 

141 

claims, demands, penalties, fines, liabilities, settlements, damages, costs and expenses of whatever kind or nature, under or related to Environmental Laws, that any of them might have by statute
or otherwise against any Indemnitee. All amounts due under this Section 10.5 shall be payable not later than ten (10) Business Days after written demand therefor. Statements payable by the Borrower pursuant to this
Section 10.5 shall be submitted to R. Steven Hamner (Telephone No. (205) 969-3755) (Telecopy No. (205) 969-3756), at the address of
the Borrower set forth in Section 10.2, or to such other Person or address as may be hereafter designated by the Borrower in a written notice to the Administrative Agent. The agreements in this
Section 10.5 shall survive repayment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

SECTION
10.6Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby
(including any affiliate of the Issuing Lender that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and
any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this
Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Lender that issues any Letter of Credit),
Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right,
remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any
Lender may assign to one or more Persons that are Eligible Assignees (each, an Assignee) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans at the time owing
to it) with the prior written consent of: 

(A) the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
delayed), provided that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund (as defined below) or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other Person that is an
Eligible Assignee; and provided further that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to an assignment unless it shall have objected thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received
notice thereof; 

(B) the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided
that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for the assignment of (x) any Revolving Commitment to an assignee that is a Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender) with a Revolving Commitment immediately prior to giving effect to
such assignment and (y) Term Loans to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; and 

142 

(C) solely in the case of the Revolving Facility, the Issuing Lender
(such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following
additional conditions: 

(A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an affiliate of a Lender or an Approved
Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitments or Loans, the amount of the Commitments or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and
Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that (1) no such consent of the Borrower
shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (2) such amounts shall be aggregated in respect of each Lender and its affiliates or Approved Funds, if any; 

(B) the assigning Lender and the Assignee party to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent
an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; and 

(C) the Assignee, if it
shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 

For the purposes of this
Section 10.6, Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its
business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 

(iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) below, from and after the effective
date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the
assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning
Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.18, 2.19, 2.20 and 10.5). Any
assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 10.6 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in
such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 

143 

(iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and
the Commitments of, and principal amount of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the
Administrative Agent, and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be
available for inspection by the Borrower, the Issuing Lender and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. The obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents are registered obligations and the right,
title and interest of the Lenders and their Assignees in and to such obligations shall be transferable only upon notation of such transfer in the Register. This Section 10.6(b)(iv) shall be construed so that such
obligations are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code and any related regulations (and any other relevant or successor provisions of the Code or such
regulations). 

(v) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and
an Assignee, the Assignees completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the Assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such
assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this
Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 

(c) (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of
the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (other than Holdings, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates) or a natural person (a Participant) in all or
a portion of such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged,
(B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and
directly with such Lender in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce
this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification
or waiver that (1) requires the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby pursuant to the proviso to the second sentence of Section 10.1 and (2) directly affects such Participant. Subject to paragraph
(c)(ii) of this Section, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.18, 2.19 and 2.20 to the same extent as if 

144 

it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the
benefits of Section 10.7(b) as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant shall be subject to Section 10.7(a) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall,
acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each
Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including
the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is
necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the
Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any
notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. The obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents are
registered obligations and the right, title and interest of the Lenders and their Participants in and to such obligations shall be transferable only upon notation of such transfer in the Participant Register. This
Section 10.6(c)(i) shall be construed so that such obligations are at all times maintained in registered form within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code and any related
regulations (and any other relevant or successor provisions of the Code or such regulations). 

(ii) Each Participant
shall agree to be subject to the provisions of Section 2.22 as though it were a Lender. A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.18 or 2.19 than the
applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant
acquired the applicable participation or unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written consent, which consent specifically refers to this Section 10.6(c)(ii). Any
Participant that is a Non-U.S. Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.19 unless such Participant complies with Section 2.19(f) (it being
understood that the documentation required under Section 2.19(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender). 

(d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure
obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any other central bank having jurisdiction over such Lender, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a
security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or Assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

145 

(e) The Borrower, upon receipt of written notice from the relevant Lender, agrees to
issue Notes to any Lender requiring Notes to facilitate transactions of the type described in paragraph (d) above. 

(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Conduit Lender may assign any or all of the Loans it may have funded hereunder to its designating
Lender without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent and without regard to the limitations set forth in Section 10.6(b). Each of Holdings, the Borrower, each Lender and the Administrative Agent hereby
confirms that it will not institute against a Conduit Lender or join any other Person in instituting against a Conduit Lender any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding under any state bankruptcy or similar
law, for one year and one day after the payment in full of the latest maturing commercial paper note issued by such Conduit Lender; provided, however, that each Lender designating any Conduit Lender hereby agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless
each other party hereto for any loss, cost, damage or expense arising out of its inability to institute such a proceeding against such Conduit Lender during such period of forbearance. 

(g) Disqualified Institutions. (i) No assignment or participation shall be made to any Person that was a Disqualified
Institution as of the date (the Trade Date) on which the assigning Lender entered into a binding agreement to sell and assign or grant a participation in all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to such Person
(unless the Borrower has consented to such assignment or participation in writing in its sole and absolute discretion, in which case such Person will not be considered a Disqualified Institution for the purpose of such assignment or participation).
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any assignee or Participant that becomes a Disqualified Institution after the applicable Trade Date (including as a result of the delivery of a notice pursuant to, and/or the expiration of the notice
period referred to in, the definition of Disqualified Institution), (x) such assignee or Participant shall not retroactively be disqualified from becoming a Lender or Participant and (y) the execution by the Borrower of an
Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignee will not by itself result in such assignee no longer being considered a Disqualified Institution. Any assignment or participation in violation of this clause (g)(i) shall not be void, but the
other provisions of this clause (g) shall apply. 

(ii) If any assignment or participation is made to any
Disqualified Institution without the Borrowers prior written consent in violation of clause (i) above or if any Person becomes a Disqualified Institution after the applicable Trade Date, the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort,
upon notice to the applicable Disqualified Institution and the Administrative Agent, (A) terminate any Revolving Commitment of such Disqualified Institution and repay all obligations of the Borrower owing to such Disqualified Institution in
connection with such Revolving Commitment plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, (B) in the case of outstanding Term Loans held by Disqualified Institutions, purchase or prepay such Term Loans by
paying the principal amount thereof plus accrued interest fees and other amounts payable to it hereunder and/or (C) require such Disqualified Institution to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained
in this Section 10.6), all of its interest, 

146 

rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more Eligible Assignees at the principal amount thereof plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder.

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Disqualified Institutions to whom an
assignment or participation is made in violation of clause (i) above (A) will not (x) have the right to receive information, reports or other materials provided to Lenders by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any other Lender,
(y) attend or participate in meetings attended by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, or (z) access any electronic site established for the Lenders or confidential communications from counsel to or financial advisors of the
Administrative Agent or the Lenders and (B) for purposes of any consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of, or any action under, and for the purpose of any direction to the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or
refrain from taking any action) under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, each Disqualified Institution will be deemed to have consented in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not Disqualified Institutions consented to such matter.

(iv) The Administrative Agent shall have the right, and the Borrower hereby expressly authorizes the Administrative
Agent, to (A) post the list of Disqualified Institutions provided by the Borrower and any updates thereto from time to time (collectively, the Disqualified Institution List) on the Electronic System, including that portion of the
Electronic System that is designated for public side Lenders and/or (B) provide the Disqualified Institution List to each Lender requesting the same. 

SECTION 10.7Adjustments; Set-off. 

(a) Except to the extent that this Agreement expressly provides for payments to be allocated to a particular Lender or to the Lenders
under a particular Facility, if any Lender (a Benefitted Lender) shall receive any payment of all or part of the Obligations owing to it, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to events or proceedings of the nature referred to in Section 8(f), or otherwise), in a greater proportion than any such payment to or collateral received by any other
Lender, if any, in respect of the Obligations owing to such other Lender, such Benefitted Lender shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders a participating interest in such portion of the Obligations owing to each such other Lender, or shall
provide such other Lenders with the benefits of any such collateral, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefitted Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral ratably with each of the Lenders; provided, however, that if all or
any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefitted Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. 

(b) In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by law, each Lender shall have the right, without prior notice to
Holdings or the Borrower, any such notice 

147 

being expressly waived by Holdings and the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon any amount becoming due and payable by Holdings or the Borrower hereunder (whether at the
stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), to set off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims,
in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender or any branch or agency thereof to or for the credit or the account of Holdings or the Borrower, as the
case may be. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such setoff and application made by such Lender, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and
application. 

SECTION 10.8Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution. (a) This Agreement may
be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and any separate letter
agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to
the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 5.1, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which,
when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 

(b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or
(z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization
related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document) that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic
means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words
execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic
Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same
legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept
Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any
Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review
the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a 

148 

manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower hereby (i) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any
workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that
reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original,
(ii) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall
be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and
enforceability as a paper record), (iii) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper
original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (iv) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities
arising solely from the Administrative Agents and/or any Lenders reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed
signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 

SECTION 10.9Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall,
as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

SECTION 10.10Integration. This Agreement and the other Loan
Documents represent the entire agreement of Holdings, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the
Administrative Agent or any Lender relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents. 

SECTION 10.11Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

SECTION 10.12Submission
To Jurisdiction; Waivers. Each of Holdings and the Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(a) submits, for itself and
its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan 

149 

(or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or
proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may (and any such claims, cross-claims or third party claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined
in such Federal (to the extent permitted by law) or New York State court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment
or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Lender or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to
this Agreement against the Borrower, any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. 

(b) consents that any such
action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and
agrees not to plead or claim the same; 

(c) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by
mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to Holdings or the Borrower, as the case may be at its address set forth in Section 10.2 or at such other
address of which the Administrative Agent shall have been notified pursuant thereto; 

(d) agrees that nothing herein shall affect
the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction; and 

(e) to the extent permitted by applicable law (i) the Borrower and any Loan Party shall not assert, and the Borrower and each Loan
Party hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any Issuing Lender and any Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related Person) for any
Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials (including, without limitation, any personal data) obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), and
(ii) no party hereto shall assert, and each such party hereby waives, any Liabilities against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages)
arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the transactions contemplated hereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the
proceeds thereof; provided that, nothing in this paragraph shall relieve the Borrower of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee, as provided in Section 10.5, against any special, indirect, consequential or
punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. 

150 

SECTION 10.13Acknowledgements. Each of Holdings and the Borrower hereby
acknowledges that: 

(a) it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents; 

(b) none of the Administrative Agent, the other Agents, the Arrangers or any Lender has any fiduciary or advisory
relationship with or duty to Holdings or the Borrower arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and the relationship between Administrative Agent, the other Agents, the Arrangers and the Lenders, on one
hand, and Holdings and the Borrower, on the other hand, in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor; 

(c) no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Loan Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated
hereby among the Lenders or among Holdings, the Borrower and the Lenders; and 

(d) each Agent, Issuing Lender, Lender and their
Affiliates may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Loan Parties, their stockholders and/or their affiliates. 

SECTION 10.14Releases of Guarantees and Collateral. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent is hereby irrevocably authorized by each Lender (without requirement of consent of any Lender except as expressly required by Section 10.1) to take any action
requested by the Borrower having the effect of releasing any Guarantee Obligations (i) to the extent necessary to permit consummation of any transaction (including any Secured Pool Property Sale) not prohibited by any Loan Document or that has
been consented to in accordance with Section 10.1, (ii) with respect to any Guarantor other than Holdings, to the extent that such Guarantor no longer owns or ground leases, directly or indirectly, any Secured Pool Property
or any Secured Pool Property Pledged Stock or (iii) under the circumstances described in paragraph (b) below. 

(b) At such
time as the Loans, the Reimbursement Obligations, obligations under Lender Swap Agreements due to any Lender or its Affiliate or to any Qualified Lender Counterparty by the Loan Parties and the other Obligations shall have been paid in full, the
Commitments have been terminated and no Letters of Credit shall be outstanding, the Guarantors shall be released from their obligations under the Loan Documents (other than those expressly stated to survive such termination), all without delivery of
any instrument or performance of any act by any Person. 

(c) In connection with (i) the release of any Guarantor under the
circumstances set forth in the preceding clauses (a) and (b) or (ii) any Property ceasing to be a Secured Pool Property as a result of (x) a Substitution, (y) an Additional Secured Pool Property Release or (z) any
disposition permitted pursuant to Section 7.5, the Administrative Agent is irrevocably authorized by each Lender (without requirement of consent of any Lender except as expressly required by Section 10.1) to release
the pledge under the applicable Pledge Agreement pursuant to which the Capital Stock of the Property Owning Subsidiary that owns or ground leases such Property (and, if applicable, the Capital Stock of the PropCo GP thereof) was pledged to the
Administrative Agent (such release, a Property Release). 

151 

In connection with any release of a Guarantee or any release of Liens on any Collateral pursuant to this
Section 10.14, not less than one (1) Business Day prior to the date of any such release, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (for prompt deliver thereof to the Lenders) a written notice setting for
the nature of such release, the provision or provisions of this Agreement under which such release is permitted or required, and the projected date on which such release is intended to be effected. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the delivery of such
notice shall not be a condition precedent to, or impact in any manner the effectiveness or validity of, any such release that is otherwise effected in accordance with the terms of this Section 10.14. 

SECTION 10.15Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees to keep confidential all
Information (as defined below); provided that nothing herein shall prevent the Administrative Agent or any Lender from disclosing any such Information (a) to the Administrative Agent, any other Lender or any affiliate thereof, (b) subject
to an agreement to comply with the provisions of this Section, to any actual or prospective Transferee or any direct or indirect counterparty to any Swap Agreement (or any professional advisor to such counterparty) or any actual or prospective
credit insurance provider relating to the Borrower and its obligations (it being understood that the Disqualified Institution List may be disclosed to any assignee or Participant, or prospective assignee or Participant, in reliance on this clause
(b) so long as such Person is not listed on such Disqualified Institution List), (c) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates employees, directors, agents, attorneys, accountants and other professional advisors or those of any of
its affiliates in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (d) upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority or any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory authority), (e) in response to any order of
any court or other Governmental Authority or as may otherwise be required pursuant to any Requirement of Law, (f) if requested or required to do so in connection with any litigation or similar proceeding, (g) that has been publicly
disclosed or becomes publicly available, (h) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about a Lenders investment
portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to such Lender, or (i) in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all
information received from the Loan Parties relating to the Loan Parties or their business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Lender or any Lender on a
non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers,
that serve the lending industry; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the
confidentiality of information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such information as such Person
would accord to its own confidential information. 

SECTION 10.16WAIVERS OF JURY TRIAL. HOLDINGS, THE BORROWER, THE
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND 

152 

UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

SECTION 10.17USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub.
L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act) and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act and
the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify
the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

SECTION 10.18Transitional
Arrangements. 

(a) Existing Credit Agreement Superseded. This Agreement shall supersede the Existing Credit Agreement in
its entirety, except as provided in this Section 10.18. On the Closing Date, (i) the Dollar Term Loans outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement and the Revolving Loans outstanding under the Existing Credit
Agreement shall become Dollar Term Loans and Revolving Loans hereunder, respectively, (ii) the rights and obligations of the parties under each of the Existing Credit Agreement and the Notes defined therein shall be subsumed within
and be governed by this Agreement and the Notes; provided however, that for purposes of this clause (ii) any of the Obligations (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement shall, for
purposes of this Agreement, be Obligations hereunder, (iii) this Agreement shall not in any way release or impair the rights, duties or Obligations created pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or affect the
relative priorities thereof, in each case to the extent in force and effect thereunder as of the Closing Date, except as modified hereby or by documents, instruments and agreements executed and delivered in connection herewith, and all of such
rights, duties and Obligations are assumed, ratified and affirmed by the Borrower; (iv) the Obligations incurred under each of the Existing Credit Agreement shall, to the extent outstanding on the Closing Date, continue outstanding under this
Agreement and shall not be deemed to be paid, released, discharged or otherwise satisfied by the execution of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall not constitute a refinancing, substitution or novation of such Obligations or any of the other
rights, duties and obligations of the parties hereunder; and (v) the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Lenders or the Administrative Agent under the Existing
Credit Agreement, nor constitute a waiver of any covenant, agreement or obligation under the Existing Credit Agreement, except to the extent that any such covenant, agreement or obligation is no longer set forth herein or is modified hereby. The
Lenders interests in such Obligations, and participations in such Letters of Credit, shall be 

153 

reallocated on the Closing Date in accordance with each Lenders applicable Revolving Percentages and Dollar Term Percentages. On the Closing Date, (a) the Revolving
Commitment and Dollar Term Commitment (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) of each Lender that is a party to the Existing Credit Agreement but is not a party to this Agreement (an Exiting Lender) shall be
terminated, all outstanding Obligations owing to the Exiting Lenders under the Existing Agreement on the Closing Date shall be paid in full, and each Exiting Lender shall cease to be a Lender under this Agreement, and (b) each Person listed on
Schedule 1.1A attached to this Agreement shall be a Lender under this Agreement with the Commitments set forth opposite its name on such Schedule 1.1A. 

(b) Interest and Fees under Existing Credit Agreement. All interest and all commitment, facility and other fees and expenses
owing or accruing under or in respect of the Existing Credit Agreement shall be calculated as of the Closing Date (prorated in the case of any fractional periods), and shall be paid on the Closing Date in accordance with the method specified in the
Existing Credit Agreement as if such agreement were still in effect. 

SECTION 10.19Headings. Article and Section
headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 

SECTION 10.20Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate
applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate)
which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect
thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the
interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date
of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 

SECTION 10.21Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto
acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and
agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any
such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

154 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any
such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such
Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any
such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (provided, however, that Borrower shall be entitled to transfer, assign or waive its right to receive any such shares or other instruments to the extent necessary or prudent to preserve
its status as a REIT), to the extent permitted by applicable law; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such
liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

SECTION
10.22Subsidiary Borrowers. 

(a) At the election of the Borrower at any time and from time to time, upon not less
than seven (7) Business Days notice (or 15 days notice in the event the Subsidiary is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States (a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower)) to the Administrative Agent
and each Lender, at the time of such election, one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries shall become a Borrower hereunder (each, a Subsidiary Borrower) by (A) the Borrowers and such Subsidiary Borrowers executing and
delivering to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, (i) an Adherence Agreement, (ii) an incumbency certificate as to the names, titles and specimen signatures of such Wholly Owned Subsidiarys officers or other representatives
authorized to act on its behalf in connection with this Agreement, and (iii) if and to the extent generally issued by the applicable jurisdiction, a current good standing certificate as to such Wholly Owned Subsidiary from its jurisdiction of
organization and a certified copy of its organizational or constituent documents (such as a certificate or articles of incorporation or formation and by-laws, limited liability company agreement or limited
partnership agreement, as applicable); provided that (x) each such Wholly Owned Subsidiary shall satisfy the Baseline Conditions on and as of the date such Wholly Owned Subsidiary delivers its Adherence Agreement, (y) the Borrower shall be
deemed to represent and warrant as of such date that such proposed Subsidiary Borrower is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary, and (z) no Subsidiary Borrower shall cease to be a Subsidiary Borrower solely because it ceases to be a Wholly Owned Subsidiary
so long as it remains a Subsidiary and (B) the Borrowers executing a Qualified Borrower Guarantee. Following the giving of any notice pursuant to this Section 10.22(a) and prior to the effectiveness of any such
Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary Borrower, if the designation of such Subsidiary Borrower obligates the Administrative Agent or any Lender to comply with know your customer or similar identification procedures in accordance with
applicable laws and regulations in circumstances where the necessary information is not already available to it, the applicable Subsidiary Borrower shall, promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent or

155 

such Lender, supply such documentation and other evidence as is reasonably and customarily requested by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in order for the Administrative Agent or such
Lender to be satisfied (in good faith) it has complied with all necessary know your customer or other similar verifications under all applicable laws and regulations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) with respect to any Foreign
Subsidiary Borrower, any Lender may, with notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, fulfill its Commitment by causing an Affiliate of such Lender to act as the Lender in respect of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower (and such Lender shall,
to the extent of Loans made to and participations in Letters of Credit issued for the account of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, be deemed for all purposes hereof to have protanto assigned such Loans and participations to such
Affiliate in compliance with the provisions of Section 10.6; and (y) as soon as practicable and in any event within seven (7) Business Days after notice of the designation under this Section of a Foreign
Subsidiary Borrower, any Lender that (I) may not legally lend to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, (II) by policy or practice does not lend to entities in the jurisdiction of formation of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, or
(III) would incur or suffer adverse regulatory or legal consequences by lending to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and, in any case (I) or (II) or (III), is generally not lending to other borrowers similarly situated to such Foreign
Subsidiary Borrower (a Protesting Lender) shall so notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing. With respect to each Protesting Lender, the Borrower shall, effective on or before the date that such Foreign Subsidiary
Borrower shall have the right to borrow hereunder, either (I) (A) replace such Protesting Lender in accordance with Section 2.22 or (B) notify the Administrative Agent and such Protesting Lender that the
Commitments of such Protesting Lender shall be terminated (whereupon such Commitments shall be terminated); provided that, in the case of this clause (B) with respect to Revolving Commitments, (1) the Borrower shall have received the prior
written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Lender, which consents shall not unreasonably be withheld, and (2) such Protesting Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans,
accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the relevant Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), or
(II) cancel its request to designate such Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Borrower hereunder. 

(b) A Subsidiary Borrower
shall be released as a Borrower hereunder upon written request by the Borrower; provided that (i) any Loans to and/or other obligations of such Subsidiary Borrower proposed to be released shall have been either (A) repaid (and any
outstanding Letters of Credit issued for its account shall have been fully cash collateralized unless the Borrower is a co-applicant thereof) or (B) assumed (pursuant to a written agreement reasonably
satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent), concurrently with or prior to such release, by the Borrower or by another Subsidiary Borrower (which other Subsidiary Borrower satisfies the Baseline Conditions at the time of such
assumption), (ii) there is no Event of Default after giving effect to such release, (iii) the Borrower is in compliance with each of the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.1 if the ratio or amount referred to
therein were to be calculated as of such date, but after giving effect to such release, and (iv) the Borrower has furnished to the Administrative Agent a certificate of its chief financial officer or other authorized officer as to the matters
referred in the preceding sub-clauses (ii) and (iii). 

SECTION
10.23Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. 

156 

To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for
Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution
Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York
and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC
(each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC
and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime
if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a
Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party
are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the
United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or
any QFC Credit Support. 

As used in this Section 10.23, the following terms have the following meanings: 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in
accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

Covered Entity means any of the following: 

(i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 
252.82(b); 

(ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 

(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance
with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

157 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall
be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

QFC has the
meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

SECTION 10.24Preservation of Security. In the event of a transfer, assignment, novation or amendment of the rights and/or
the obligations under this Agreement and any other Loan Documents all security interests, guarantees and privileges created under or in connection with the Loan Documents shall automatically and without any formality be preserved for the benefit of
the Administrative Agent, the Assignee Lender and the other Secured Parties for the purpose of the provisions of article 1278 of the Luxembourg Civil Code or any other purposes. 

[Signature Pages Intentionally Omitted] 

158
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>mpw-20250213.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:calculationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.CAL
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>mpw-20250213_cal.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>mpw-20250213_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>mpw-20250213_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Security 12b Title 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Entity [Domain] 

MPT Operating Partnership LP [Member] 

MPT Operating Partnership LP.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>mpw-20250213_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover Page

Feb. 13, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST INC

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001287865

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 13, 2025

Entity File Number 001-32559

Entity Incorporation State Country Code MD

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-0191742

Entity Address, Address Line One 1000 Urban Center Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 501

Entity Address, City or Town Birmingham

Entity Address, State or Province AL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 35242

City Area Code 205

Local Phone Number 969-3755

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Medical Properties Trust, Inc.

Trading Symbol MPW

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

MPT Operating Partnership LP [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name MPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P.

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001524607

Entity File Number 333-177186

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-0242069

Entity Address, Address Line One 1000 Urban Center Drive

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 501

Entity Address, City or Town Birmingham

Entity Address, State or Province AL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 35242

City Area Code 205

Local Phone Number 969-3755

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_LegalEntityAxis=mpw_MptOperatingPartnershipLpMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
2 
23 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
1001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://www.medicalpropertiestrust.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d849133d8k.htm 
mpw-20250213.xsd 
mpw-20250213_cal.xml 
mpw-20250213_def.xml 
mpw-20250213_lab.xml 
mpw-20250213_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-028746-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>d849133d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001287865 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

0001287865 

mpw:MptOperatingPartnershipLpMember 

2025-02-13 
2025-02-13 

MEDICAL PROPERTIES TRUST INC 
false 
false 
0001287865 
0001524607 
AL 
AL 
8-K 
2025-02-13 
MPT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P. 
001-32559 
333-177186 
MD 
DE 
20-0191742 
20-0242069 
1000 Urban Center Drive 
1000 Urban Center Drive 
Suite 501 
Suite 501 
Birmingham 
Birmingham 
35242 
35242 
205 
205 
969-3755 
969-3755 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Medical Properties Trust, Inc. 
MPW 
NYSE 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>