<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-009079.txt : 20250304
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-009079.hdr.sgml : 20250304
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250304172958
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-009079
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250304
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250304

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Banzai International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001826011
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39826
		FILM NUMBER:		25706736

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		435 ERICKSEN AVE NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			BAINBRIDGE ISLAND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2064141777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		435 ERICKSEN AVE NE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			BAINBRIDGE ISLAND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98110

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	7GC & Co. Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200924
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000182601100018260112025-02-282025-02-280001826011BNZI:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-02-282025-02-280001826011BNZI:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member2025-02-282025-02-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 28, 2025

Banzai
International, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-39826 85-3118980

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

435 Ericksen Ave, Suite 250

Bainbridge Island, Washington 98110

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (206)414-1777

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which
registered

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share BNZI The Nasdaq Global Market

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 BNZIW The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

On February 28, 2025,
Banzai International, Inc. (the Company) held a special meeting of shareholders
(the Meeting). At the Meeting, the Companys shareholders voted on five proposals, including one to approve an adjournment,
if necessary. At the beginning of the Meeting, 3,344,69 Class A Shares and 24,144,898 Class B Shares, which represents 71.30% and 94.72%,
respectively of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote at the Meeting, were represented by proxy, which constituted a quorum
for the transaction of business.

We are filing this Current
Report on Form 8-K to disclose the voting results from the Meeting. The following proposals were voted on:

1. To grant the Board authority to issue shares of our Class A Common Stock in excess of 20% of the number of shares issued and outstanding as of the closing of a merger by and among the Company, Banzai Reel Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Banzai, ClearDoc, Inc., a Delaware corporation, who does business as OpenReel, and stockholders of OpenReel, pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 10, 2024 between the aforementioned parties. For purposes of complying with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d), we need shareholder approval of the issuance of shares of our Class A common stock, including upon the exercise of pre-funded warrants, in an amount equal to or in excess of 20% of all of our Class A Common Stock and Class B common stock outstanding immediately prior to the closing of the Merger. The proxy statement referred to this proposal as the Merger Issuance Proposal. 

For Against Abstain

23,305,743 93,543 2,468

In compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules 5635, none of the OpenReel stockholders were allowed
to cast a vote on the Merger Issuance Proposal. Accordingly, a total of 28,494,905 votes were able to be cast on the Merger Issuance
Proposal.

2. Authorizing the issuance of shares of our Class A common stock, including upon the exercise of warrants, issuable pursuant to that certain securities purchase agreement dated as of September 24, 2024, between the Company and one institutional investor, in an amount equal to or in excess of 20% of all of our common stock outstanding on the date of the Purchase Agreement, to comply with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d). The proxy statement referred to this proposal as the Private Financing Issuance Proposal.

For Against Abstain

23,311,533 87,254 2,967

In compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules 5635, none of the Private Warrant holders were
allowed to cast a vote on the Private Financing Issuance Proposal. Accordingly, a total of 28,248,992 votes were able to be cast on the
Private Financing Issuance Proposal.

3. Amending the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to allow for stockholder approval via written consents. The proxy statement referred to this proposal as the Written Consent Proposal.

For Against Abstain

23,312,817 81,371 7,566

A total of 29,425,463 votes were able to be cast on the Written
Consent Proposal.

Accordingly, the Company shall file a Certificate of Amendment with
Delawares Secretary of State and amend its Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws) to delete any provisions
prohibiting our stockholders from taking action via written consent; most notably, we will remove Section 3.13, Action Without Meeting
from the Bylaws. A copy of the Amendment and Third Amended and Restated Bylaws are attached as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively.

4. Increasing the number of shares available for issuance under our 2023 Equity Incentive Plan, from 102,319 to 10,000,000. The proxy statement referred to this proposal as the Option Proposal.

For Against Abstain

23,284,004 108,299 9,451

A total of 29,425,463 votes were able to be
cast on the Option Proposal.

A transcript of the Meeting is also attached hereto,
as Exhibit 99.1.

The information in this Form 6-K shall not be
deemed to be filed for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be
incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific
reference in such filing. 

Item 9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 Certificate Of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation

3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws

99.1 Meeting Transcript

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

Dated: March 4, 2025

BANZAI INTERNATIONAL, INC.

By: /s/ Joseph Davy

Joseph Davy

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex3-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

TO

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF BANZAI INTERNATIONAL, INC.

Banzai International, Inc.,
a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation), does hereby
certify as follows:

ONE: That the name
of the Corporation is Banzai International, Inc. The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware on September 18, 2020, as amended, and restated by the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
of this Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 22, 2022 (the Amended and Restated
Certificate).

TWO: That, at a meeting
of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, resolutions were duly adopted recommending and declaring advisable that the Amended and
Restated Certificate be amended and that such amendment be submitted to the stockholders of the Corporation for their consideration, as
follows:

RESOLVED, that Paragraph J of
Article Five of the Amended and Restated Certificate be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

No action shall be taken by
the stockholders of the Corporation except at an annual or special meeting of stockholders called in accordance with the Bylaws, unless
such action is authorized or taken by the written consent of the holders of outstanding shares of voting stock having not less than the
minimum voting power that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting of stockholders at which all shares entitled
to vote thereon were present and voted, provided all other requirements of applicable law and this Certificate of Incorporation have been
satisfied. Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before
any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws.

THREE: That at a special
meeting of stockholders of the Corporation held on February 28, 2025, the aforesaid amendment was duly adopted by the stockholders of
the Corporation.

FOUR: That this Certificate
of Amendment was duly adopted in accordance with Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be signed by its duly authorized officer this 3 day of March
2025, and the foregoing facts stated herein are true and correct.

BANZAI INTERNATIONAL, INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex3-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED 

BYLAWS 

OF 

BANZAI INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES 

Section 1.1. Registered
Office. The registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware shall be as set forth in the Second Amended and RestatedCertificate
of Incorporation of the corporation, as the same may be amended or restated from time to time (the Certificate of Incorporation).

Section 1.2. Other Offices.
The corporation shall also have and maintain an office or principal place of business at such place as may be fixed by the corporations
Board of Directors (the Board of Directors), and may also have offices at such other places, both within and
without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require.

ARTICLE II 

CORPORATE SEAL 

Section 2.1. Corporate
Seal. The Board of Directors may adopt a corporate seal. If adopted, the corporate seal shall consist of a die bearing the name of
the corporation and the inscription, Corporate Seal-Delaware. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof
to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

ARTICLE III 

STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS 

Section 3.1. Place of
Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders of the corporation may be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware,
as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the
meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as provided under the Delaware
General Corporation Law (the DGCL).

Section 3.2. Annual Meetings. 

(a) The annual meeting
of the stockholders of the corporation, for the purpose of election of directors and for such other business as may properly come before
it, shall be held on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. Nominations of persons
for election to the Board of Directors of the corporation and the proposal of business to be considered by the stockholders may be made
at an annual meeting of stockholders: (i) pursuant to the corporations notice of meeting of stockholders (with respect to business
other than nominations); (ii) brought specifically by or at the direction of the Board of Directors; or (iii) by any stockholder of the
corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving the stockholders notice provided for in Section 3.2(b) of these
Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws), who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied with
the notice procedures set forth in this Section 3.2. For the avoidance of doubt, clause (iii) above shall be the exclusive means for a
stockholder to make nominations and submit other business (other than matters properly included in the corporations notice of meeting
of stockholders and proxy statement under Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder (the 1934 Act)) before an annual meeting of stockholders.

(b) At an annual meeting
of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as is a proper matter for stockholder action under Delaware law and as shall
have been properly brought before the meeting.

(i) For nominations
for the election to the Board of Directors to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of
Section 3.2(a) of these Bylaws, the stockholder must deliver written notice to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the
corporation on a timely basis as set forth in Section 3.2(b)(iii) of these Bylaws and must update and supplement such written notice on
a timely basis as set forth in Section 3.2(c) of these Bylaws. Such stockholders notice shall set forth or include: (A) as to each
nominee such stockholder proposes to nominate at the meeting for election or re-election to the Board of Directors: (1) the name, age,
business address and residence address of such nominee; (2) the principal occupation and employment of such nominee; (3) the class and
number of shares of each class of capital stock of the corporation which are owned of record and beneficially by such nominee; (4) the
date or dates on which such shares were acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition; (5) a completed and signed questionnaire,
representation and agreement required by Section 3.2(e) of these Bylaws; and (6) such other information concerning such nominee as would
be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement soliciting proxies for the election of such nominee as a director in an election contest
(even if an election contest is not involved), or that is otherwise required to be disclosed pursuant to Section 14 of the 1934 Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder (including such persons written consent to being named as a nominee and to serving
as a director if elected); and (B) the information required by Section 3.2(b)(iv) of these Bylaws. The corporation may require any proposed
nominee to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve
as an independent director of the corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholders understanding of the independence,
or lack thereof, of such proposed nominee.

(ii) Other than proposals
sought to be included in the corporations proxy materials pursuant to Rule 14(a)-8 under the 1934 Act, for business other than
nominations for the election to the Board of Directors to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause
(iii) of Section 3.2(a) of these Bylaws, the stockholder must deliver written notice to the Secretary at the principal executive offices
of the corporation on a timely basis as set forth in Section 3.2(b)(iii) of these Bylaws, and must update and supplement such written
notice on a timely basis as set forth in Section 3.2(c) of these Bylaws. Such stockholders notice shall set forth: (A) as to each
matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting,
the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting, and any material interest (including any anticipated benefit of such business
to any Proponent (as defined below) other than solely as a result of its ownership of the corporations capital stock, that is material
to any Proponent individually, or to the Proponents in the aggregate) in such business of any Proponent; and (B) the information required
by Section 3.2(b)(iv) of these Bylaws.

(iii) To be timely,
the written notice required by Section 3.2(b)(i) or 3.2(b)(ii) of these Bylaws must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive
offices of the corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day
prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that, subject to the last sentence
of this Section 3.2(b)(iii), in the event that no annual meeting was held during the preceding year or the date of the annual meeting
is advanced more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 30 days after the anniversary of the date of the preceding years
annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior
to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting and (ii)
the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the corporation. In no event
shall an adjournment or a postponement of an annual meeting for which notice has been given, or the public announcement thereof has been
made, commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholders notice as described above.

(iv) The written
notice required by Section 3.2(b)(i) or 3.2(b)(ii) of these Bylaws shall also set forth, as of the date of the notice and as to the stockholder
giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (each, a Proponent
and collectively, the Proponents): (A) the name and address of each Proponent, as they appear on the corporations
books; (B) the class, series and number of shares of the corporation that are owned beneficially and of record by each Proponent; (C)
a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether oral or in writing) with respect to such nomination or proposal
between or among any Proponent and any of its affiliates or associates, and any others (including their names) acting in concert, or otherwise
under the agreement, arrangement or understanding, with any of the foregoing; (D) a representation that the Proponents are holders of
record or beneficial owners, as the case may be, of shares of the corporation entitled to vote at the meeting and intend to appear in
person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice (with respect to a notice under Section 3.2(b)(i)
of these Bylaws) or to propose the business that is specified in the notice (with respect to a notice under Section 3.2(b)(ii) of these
Bylaws); (E) a representation as to whether the Proponents intend to deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a sufficient
number of holders of the corporations voting shares to elect such nominee or nominees (with respect to a notice under Section 3.2(b)(i)
of these Bylaws) or to carry such proposal (with respect to a notice under Section 3.2(b)(ii) of these Bylaws); (F) to the extent known
by any Proponent, the name and address of any other stockholder supporting the proposal on the date of such stockholders notice;
and (G) a description of all Derivative Transactions (as defined below) by each Proponent during the previous 12 month period, including
the date of the transactions and the class, series and number of securities involved in, and the material economic terms of, such Derivative
Transactions.

For purposes of Sections 3.2 and 3.3 of these
Bylaws, a Derivative Transaction means any agreement, arrangement, interest or understanding (written or oral)
entered into by, or on behalf or for the benefit of, any Proponent or any of its affiliates or associates, whether record or beneficial:

(w) the value of which is derived in whole or
in part from the value of any class or series of shares or other securities of the corporation;

(x) which otherwise provides any direct or indirect
opportunity to gain or share in any gain derived from a change in the value of securities of the corporation;

(y) the effect or intent of which is to mitigate
loss, manage risk or benefit of security value or price changes; or

(z) which provides the right to vote or increase
or decrease the voting power of, such Proponent, or any of its affiliates or associates, with respect to any securities of the corporation,
which agreement, arrangement, interest or understanding may include, without limitation, any option, warrant, debt position, note, bond,
convertible security, swap, stock appreciation right, short position, profit interest, hedge, right to dividends, voting agreement, performance-related
fee or arrangement to borrow or lend shares (whether or not subject to payment, settlement, exercise or conversion in any such class or
series), and any proportionate interest of such Proponent in the securities of the corporation held by any general or limited partnership,
or any limited liability company, of which such Proponent is, directly or indirectly, a general partner or managing member.

(c) A stockholder
providing written notice required by Section 3.2(b)(i) or (ii) of these Bylaws shall update and supplement such notice in writing, if
necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice is true and correct in all material respects as
of (i) the record date for the meeting and (ii) the date that is five business days prior to the meeting and, in the event of any adjournment
or postponement thereof, five business days prior to such adjourned or postponed meeting. In the case of an update and supplement pursuant
to clause (i) of this Section 3.2(c), such update and supplement shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices
of the corporation not later than five business days after the record date for the meeting. In the case of an update and supplement pursuant
to clause (ii) of this Section 3.2(c), such update and supplement shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices
of the corporation not later than two business days prior to the date for the meeting, and, in the event of any adjournment or postponement
thereof, two business days prior to such adjourned or postponed meeting.

(d) Notwithstanding
anything in Section 3.2(b)(iii) of these Bylawsto the contrary, in the event that the number of directors in an Expiring
Class (as defined below) is increased and there is no public announcement of the appointment of a director to such class, or, if no appointment
was made, of the vacancy in such class, made by the corporation at least 10 days before the last day a stockholder may deliver a notice
of nomination in accordance withSection 3.2(b)(iii) of these Bylaws, a stockholders notice required by this Section
3.2 and which complies with the requirements in Section 3.2(b)(i) of these Bylaws, other than the timing requirements in Section 3.2(b)(iii)
of these Bylaws, shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions in such Expiring Class created
by such increase, if it shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than the close
of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the corporation. For purposes of this
Section 3.2, an Expiring Class shall mean a class of directors whose term shall expire at the next annual
meeting of stockholders.

(e) To be eligible
to be a nominee for election or re-election as a director of the corporation pursuant to a nomination under clause (iii) of Section 3.2(a)
of these Bylaws, such proposed nominee or a person on such proposed nominees behalf must deliver (in accordance with the time periods
prescribed for delivery of notice under Section 3.2(b)(iii) or 3.2(d) of these Bylaws, as applicable) to the Secretary at the principal
executive offices of the corporation a written questionnaire with respect to the background and qualification of such proposed nominee
and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made (which questionnaire shall be provided by
the Secretary upon written request) and a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request)
that such proposed nominee (i) is not and will not become a party to (A) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not
given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such proposed nominee, if elected as a director of the corporation,
will act or vote on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment) that has not been disclosed to the corporation
in the questionnaire or (B) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such proposed nominees ability to comply,
if elected as a director of the corporation, with such proposed nominees fiduciary duties under applicable law; (ii) is not and
will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the corporation with respect
to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director of the corporation
that has not been disclosed therein; (iii) in such persons individual capacity and on behalf of any person or entity on whose behalf
the nomination is being made, would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the corporation, and will comply with, all applicable
rules of any securities exchange upon which the corporations securities are listed, the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws,
all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, ethics, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading
policies and guidelines of the corporation generally applicable to directors (which other guidelines and policies will be provided by
the Secretary upon written request), and all applicable fiduciary duties under state law; (iv) consents to being named as a nominee in
the corporations proxy statement and form of proxy for the meeting; (v) intends to serve a full term as a director of the corporation,
if elected; and (vi) will provide facts, statements and other information in all communications with the corporation and its stockholders
that are or will be true and correct in all material respects and that do not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary in
order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.

(f) A person shall
not be eligible for election or re-election as a director unless the person is nominated either in accordance with clause (ii) of Section
3.2(a) of these Bylaws, or in accordance with clause (iii) of Section 3.2(a) of these Bylaws. Except as otherwise required by law, the
chairman of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before
the meeting was made, or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in these Bylaws and, if any proposed
nomination or business is not in compliance with these Bylaws, or the Proponent does not act in accordance with the representations in
Sections 3.2(b)(iv)(D) and 3.2(b)(iv)(E) of these Bylaws, to declare that such proposal or nomination shall not be presented for stockholder
action at the meeting and shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nominations or such business may have
been solicited or received.

(g) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.2, in order to include information with respect to a stockholder proposal in the proxy statement
and form of proxy for a stockholders meeting, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of the 1934 Act and
the rules and regulations thereunder. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion
of proposals in the corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the 1934 Act; provided, however, that any
references in these Bylaws to the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements
applicable to proposals and/or nominations to be considered pursuant to Section 3.2(a)(iii) of these Bylaws.

(h) For purposes of
Sections 3.2 and 3.3 of these Bylaws,

(i) public
announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, or comparable
national news service or in a document publicly filed by the corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section
13, 14 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act; and

(ii) affiliates
and associates shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the 1933 Act).

Section 3.3. Special Meetings. 

(a) Special meetings
of the stockholders of the corporation may be called, for any purpose as is a proper matter for stockholder action under Delaware law,
by (i) the Chairman of the Board of Directors, (ii) the Chief Executive Officer, or (iii) the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution
adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships
at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board of Directors for adoption).

(b) The Board of Directors
shall determine the time and place, if any, of such special meeting. Upon determination of the time and place, if any, of the meeting,
the Secretary shall cause a notice of meeting to be given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Section
3.4 of these Bylaws. No business may be transacted at such special meeting otherwise than specified in the notice of meeting. The Chairman
of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting
of stockholders previously called by any of them.

(c) Nominations of
persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected (i)
by or at the direction of the Board of Directors (or any duly authorized committee thereof) or (ii) by any stockholder of the corporation
who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving notice provided for in this paragraph, who shall be entitled to vote at the meeting
and who delivers written notice to the Secretary of the corporation setting forth the information required by Section 3.2(b)(i) of these
Bylaws. In the event the corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the
Board of Directors, any such stockholder of record may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be), for election to such position(s)
as specified in the corporations notice of meeting, if written notice setting forth the information required by Section 3.2(b)(i)
of these Bylaws shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than the close of business
on the later of the 90th day prior to such meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the
date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. The stockholder shall
also update and supplement such information as required under Section 3.2(c) of these Bylaws. In no event shall an adjournment or a postponement
of a special meeting for which notice has been given, or the public announcement thereof has been made, commence a new time period for
the giving of a stockholders notice as described above.

(d) Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.3, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of the 1934 Act and the
rules and regulations thereunder with respect to matters set forth in this Section 3.3. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to affect
any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the
1934 Act; provided, however, that any references in these Bylaws to the 1934 Act or the rules and regulations thereunder are not
intended to and shall not limit the requirements applicable to nominations for the election to the Board of Directors to be considered
pursuant to Section 3.3(c) of these Bylaws.

Section 3.4. Notice of
Meetings. Except as otherwise provided by law, notice, given in writing or by electronic transmission, of each meeting of stockholders
shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting,
such notice to specify the place, if any, date and hour, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting,
if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice at the meeting, and, in the case of special
meetings, the purpose or purposes of the meeting, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders
may be deemed to be present in person and vote at any such meeting. If mailed, notice is deemed given when deposited in the United States
mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholders address as it appears on the records of the corporation.
If sent via electronic transmission, notice is deemed given as of the sending time recorded at the time of transmission. Notice of the
time, place, if any, and purpose of any meeting of stockholders may be waived in writing, signed by the person entitled to notice thereof,
or by electronic transmission by such person, either before or after such meeting, and will be waived by any stockholder by his or her
attendance thereat in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy, except when the stockholder attends a meeting for the
express purpose of objecting, and does so object, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting
is not lawfully called or convened. Any stockholder so waiving notice of such meeting shall be bound by the proceedings of any such meeting
in all respects as if due notice thereof had been given.

Section 3.5. Quorum.
At all meetings of stockholders, except where otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, or by these Bylaws,
the presence, in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy duly authorized, of the holders of a majority of the voting
power of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. In the
absence of a quorum, any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned, from time to time, either by the chairman of the meeting or by vote
of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock represented thereat, but no other business
shall be transacted at such meeting. The stockholders present at a duly called or convened meeting, at which a quorum is present, may
continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. Except
as otherwise provided by statute or by applicable stock exchange rules, or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, in all
matters other than the election of directors, the affirmative vote of the majority of the voting power of the stock present in person,
by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote generally on the subject matter shall
be the act of the stockholders. Except as otherwise provided by statute or by applicable stock exchange rules, the Certificate of Incorporation
or these Bylaws, directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person, by remote communication, if applicable,
or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote generally on the election of directors. Where a separate vote by a class or
classes or series is required, except where otherwise provided by the statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, applicable stock
exchange rules or these Bylaws, a majority of the voting power of such class or classes or series, present in person, by remote communication,
if applicable, or represented by proxy duly authorized, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on
that matter. Except where otherwise provided by statute, applicable stock exchange rules or by the Certificate of Incorporation or these
Bylaws, the affirmative vote of the majority (plurality, in the case of the election of directors) of the voting power of such class or
classes or series present in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of
such class or classes or series.

Section 3.6. Adjournment
and Notice of Adjourned Meetings. Any meeting of stockholders, whether annual or special, may be adjourned from time to time either
by the chairman of the meeting or by the vote of a majority of the voting power of shares present in person, by remote communication,
if applicable, or represented by proxy at the meeting, though less than a quorum. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place,
if any, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof are announced at the meeting at which
the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the
original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned
meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

Section 3.7. Voting Rights.
For the purpose of determining those stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of the stockholders, except as otherwise provided by
law, only persons in whose names shares stand on the stock records of the corporation on the record date, as provided in Section 3.9 of
these Bylaws, shall be entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders. Every person entitled to voteshall have the right
to do so either in person, by remote communication, if applicable, or by an agent or agents authorized by a proxy granted in accordance
with Delaware law. An agent so appointed need not be a stockholder. No proxy shall be voted after three years from its date of creation
unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if,
and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power.

Section 3.8. Joint Owners
of Stock. If shares or other securities having voting power stand of record in the names of two or more persons, whether fiduciaries,
members of a partnership, joint tenants, tenants in common, tenants by the entirety, or otherwise, or if two or more persons have the
same fiduciary relationship respecting the same shares, unless the Secretary is given written notice to the contrary and is furnished
with a copy of the instrument or order appointing them or creating the relationship wherein it is so provided, their acts with respect
to voting shall have the following effect: (a) if only one votes, his or her act binds all; (b) if more than one votes, the act of the
majority so voting binds all; or (c) if more than one votes, but the vote is evenly split on any particular matter, each faction may vote
the securities in question proportionally, or may apply to the Delaware Court of Chancery for relief as provided in the DGCL, Section
217(b). If the instrument filed with the Secretary shows that any such tenancy is held in unequal interests, a majority or even-split
for the purpose of clause (c) of this Section 3.8 shall be a majority or even-split in interest.

Section 3.9. List of Stockholders.
The Secretary shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled
to vote at said meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in
the name of each stockholder.

Such list shall be open to
the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, (a)
on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the
notice of the meeting, or (b) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the corporation. In the event that
the corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that
such information is available only to stockholders of the corporation. The list shall be open to examination of any stockholder during
the time of the meeting as provided by law.

Section 3.10. Organization. 

(a) At every meeting
of stockholders, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairman has not been appointed or is absent, the Chief Executive Officer,
or, if the Chief Executive Officer is absent, the President, or, if the President is absent, if applicable, the Lead Independent Director
(as defined below), or, if the Lead Independent Director is absent, a chairman of the meeting chosen by a majority in interest of the
stockholders entitled to vote, present in person or by proxy, shall act as chairman. The Secretary, or, in his or her absence, an Assistant
Secretary directed to do so by the chairman of the meeting, shall act as secretary of the meeting.

(b) The Board of Directors
of the corporation shall be entitled to make such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it shall deem necessary,
appropriate, or convenient. Subject to such rules and regulations of the Board of Directors, if any, the chairman of the meeting shall
have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman,
are necessary, appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, establishing an agenda
or order of business for the meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present, limitations
on participation in such meeting to stockholders of record of the corporation and their duly authorized and constituted proxies and such
other persons as the chairman shall permit, restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof, limitations
on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants and regulation of the opening and closing of the polls for balloting on
matters which are to be voted on by ballot. The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders
will vote at the meeting shall be announced at the meeting. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the chairman
of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure.

Section
3.11. Action Without Meeting by the Majority. Unless otherwise provided by state law, any action which may be taken at any annual
or special meeting of shareholders may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice if a consent in writing setting forth the
action so taken shall be signed either manually, by electronic transmittal or in facsimile, by the holders of outstanding shares having
not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled
to vote thereon were present and voted. Unless the consents of all shareholders entitled to vote have been solicited in writing, prompt
notice shall be given of the taking of any other corporate action approved by shareholders without a meeting by less than unanimous written
consent, to each of those shareholders entitled to vote who have not consented in writing.

ARTICLE IV 

DIRECTORS 

Section 4.1. Number and
Term of Office. The authorized number of directors of the corporation shall be fixed in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation.
Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation. If for any cause, the directors shall not have
been elected at an annual meeting, they may be elected as soon thereafter as convenient at a special meeting of the stockholders called
for that purpose in the manner provided in these Bylaws.

Section 4.2. Powers.
The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise
provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation.

Section 4.3. Classes of
Directors. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances,
the directors shall be divided into three classes designated as Class I, Class II, and Class III, respectively. The Board of Directors
is authorized to assign members of the Board of Directors already in office to such classes at the time the classification becomes effective.
At the first annual meeting of stockholders following the adoption of these Bylaws, the term of office of the Class I directors shall
expire and Class I directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the second annual meeting of stockholders following the
adoption of these Bylaws, the term of office of the Class II directors shall expire and Class II directors shall be elected for a full
term of three years. At the third annual meeting of stockholders following the adoption of these Bylaws, the term of office of the Class
III directors shall expire and Class III directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At each succeeding annual meeting
of stockholders, directors shall be elected for a full term of three years to succeed the directors of the class whose terms expire at
such annual meeting.

Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section 4.3, each director shall serve until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her
earlier death, resignation, or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term
of any incumbent director.

Section 4.4. Vacancies.
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred
stock, any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other causes and any newly
created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors shall, unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution
that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by stockholders, be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority
of the directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors, or by a sole remaining director, and not by
the stockholders, provided, however, that whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled
to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such
class or classes or series shall, unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships
shall be filled by stockholders, be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office,
or by a sole remaining director so elected, and not by the stockholders. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence
shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the director for which the vacancy was created or occurred and until such directors
successor shall have been elected and qualified. A vacancy in the Board of Directors shall be deemed to exist under this Bylaw in the
case of the death, removal, or resignation of any director.

Section 4.5. Resignation.
Any director may resign at any time by delivering his or her notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Chairman of the Board,
the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary, such resignation to specify whether it will be effective at a particular time. If no such
specification is made, the resignation shall be deemed effective at the time of delivery to the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive
Officer, or the Secretary. When one or more directors shall resign from the Board of Directors, effective at a future date, a majority
of the directors then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have power to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon
to take effect when such resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each director so chosen shall hold office for the unexpired
portion of the term of the director whose place shall be vacated and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified.

Section 4.6. Removal. 

(a) Subject to the
rights of any series of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances,neither the Board of
Directors nor any individual director may be removed without cause.

(b) Subject to any
limitation imposed by law, any individual director or directors may be removed with cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at
least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally at an
election of directors, voting together as a single class.

Section 4.7. Meetings. 

(a) Regular Meetings.
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time or
date and at any place within or without the State of Delaware which has been designated by the Board of Directors and publicized among
all directors, either orally or in writing, by telephone, including a voice-messaging system or other system designed to record and communicate
messages, facsimile, telegraph or telex, or by electronic mail or other electronic means. No further notice shall be required for regular
meetings of the Board of Directors.

(b) Special Meetings.
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time
and place within or without the State of Delaware whenever called by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or a majority
of the authorized number of directors.

(c) Meetings by Electronic
Communications Equipment. Any member of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting by means
of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other,
and participation in a meeting by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.

(d) Notice of Special
Meetings. Notice of the time and place of all special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be orally or in writing, by telephone,
including a voice messaging system or other system or technology designed to record and communicate messages, facsimile, telegraph, or
telex, or by electronic mail or other electronic means, during normal business hours, at least 24 hours before the date and time of the
meeting. If notice is sent by U.S. mail, it shall be sent by first class mail, charges prepaid, at least three days before the date of
the meeting. Notice of any meeting may be waived in writing, or by electronic transmission, at any time before or after the meeting and
will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the director attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting,
and does so object, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or
convened.

(e) Waiver of Notice.
The transaction of all business at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, however called or noticed, or
wherever held, shall be as valid as though it had been transacted at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a quorum be
present and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the directors not present who did not receive notice shall sign a written
waiver of notice or shall waive notice by electronic transmission. All such waivers shall be filed with the corporate records or made
a part of the minutes of the meeting.

Section 4.8. Quorum and Voting. 

(a) Unless the Certificate
of Incorporation requires a greater number, and except with respect to questions related to indemnification arising under Section 11.1
of these Bylaws for which a quorum shall be one-third of the exact number of directors fixed from time to time, a quorum of the Board
of Directors shall consist of a majority of the exact number of directors fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors in accordance
with the Certificate of Incorporation; provided, however, at any meeting whether a quorum be present or otherwise, a majority of
the directors present may adjourn from time to time until the time fixed for the next regular meeting of the Board of Directors, without
notice other than by announcement at the meeting.

(b) At each meeting
of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, all questions and business shall be determined by the affirmative vote of a majority
of the directors present, unless a different vote be required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.

Section 4.9. Action Without
Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken
at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board of Directors
or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and such writing or writings or transmission
or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form
if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.

Section 4.10. Fees and
Compensation. Directors shall be entitled to such compensation for their services as may be approved by the Board of Directors, including,
if so approved, by resolution of the Board of Directors, a fixed sum and expenses of attendance, if any, for attendance at each regular
or special meeting of the Board of Directors and at any meeting of a committee of the Board of Directors. Nothing herein contained shall
be construed to preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent, employee, or otherwise
and receiving compensation therefor.

Section 4.11. Committees. 

(a) Executive Committee.
The Board of Directors may appoint an Executive Committee to consist of one or more members of the Board of Directors. The Executive Committee,
to the extent permitted by law and provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors shall have and may exercise all the powers and
authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the
corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to
(i) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors)
expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or (ii) adopting, amending, or repealing any Bylaw of the
corporation.

(b) Other Committees.
The Board of Directors may, from time to time, appoint such other committees as may be permitted by law. Such other committees appointed
by the Board of Directors shall consist of one or more members of the Board of Directors and shall have such powers and perform such duties
as may be prescribed by the resolution or resolutions creating such committees, but in no event shall any such committee have the powers
denied to the Executive Committee in these Bylaws.

(c) Term. The Board
of Directors, subject to any requirements of any outstanding series of preferred stock and the provisions of subsections (a) or (b) of
this Section 4.11, may at any time increase or decrease the number of members of a committee or terminate the existence of a committee.
The membership of a committee member shall terminate on the date of his or her death or voluntary resignation from the committee or from
the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may at any time for any reason remove any individual committee member and the Board of
Directors may fill any committee vacancy created by death, resignation, removal or increase in the number of members of the committee.
The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified
member at any meeting of the committee, and, in addition, in the absence or disqualification of any member of a committee, the member
or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously
appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member.

(d) Meetings. Unless
the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide, regular meetings of the Executive Committee or any other committee appointed pursuant
to this Section 4.11 shall be held at such times and places as are determined by the Board of Directors, or by any such committee, and
when notice thereof has been given to each member of such committee, no further notice of such regular meetings need be given thereafter.
Special meetings of any such committee may be held at any place which has been determined from time to time by such committee, and may
be called by any directorwho is a member of such committee, upon notice to the members of such committee of the time and
place of such special meeting given in the manner provided for the giving of notice to members of the Board of Directors of the time and
place of special meetings of the Board of Directors. Notice of any special meeting of any committee may be waived in writing or by electronic
transmission at any time before or after the meeting and will be waived by any director by attendance thereat, except when the director
attends such special meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business
because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors in the resolutions authorizing
the creation of the committee, a majority of the authorized number of members of any such committee shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business, and the act of a majority of those present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such
committee. Unless the Board of Directors shall otherwise provide, each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the
Board of Directors conducts its business pursuant to Article IV of these Bylaws.

Section 4.12. Duties of
Chairman of the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, when present, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders
and the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall
also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time.

Section 4.13. Lead Independent
Director. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, or if the Chairman is not an independent director, one of the independent directors,
may be designated by the Board of Directors as lead independent director (Lead Independent Director) to serve
until replaced by the Board of Directors. The Lead Independent Director will, with the Chairman of the Board of Directors, establish the
agenda for regular Board meetings and serve as chairman of Board of Directors meetings in the absence of the Chairman of the Board of
Directors; establish the agenda for meetings of the independent directors; coordinate with the committee chairs regarding meeting agendas
and informational requirements; preside over meetings of the independent directors; preside over any portions of meetings of the Board
of Directors at which the evaluation or compensation of the Chief Executive Officer is presented or discussed; preside over any portions
of meetings of the Board of Directors at which the performance of the Board of Directors is presented or discussed; and perform such other
duties as may be established or delegated by the Chairman of the Board of Directors.

Section 4.14. Organization.
At every meeting of the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or, if a Chairman has not been appointed or is absent,
the Lead Independent Director, or if the Lead Independent Director is absent, the Chief Executive Officer (if a director), or, if a Chief
Executive Officer is absent, the President (if a director), or if the President is absent, the most senior Vice President (if a director),
or, in the absence of any such person, a chairman of the meeting chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall preside over the
meeting. The Secretary, or in his or her absence, any Assistant Secretary or other officer or director directed to do so by the Chairman,
shall act as secretary of the meeting.

ARTICLE V 

OFFICERS 

Section 5.1. Officers
Designated. The officers of the corporation shall include, if and when designated by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer,
the President, one or more Vice Presidents, the Secretary, the Chief Financial Officer and the Treasurer. The Board of Directors may also
appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers and such other officers and agents with such powers and duties as it
shall deem necessary. The Board of Directors may assign such additional titles to one or more of the officers as it shall deem appropriate.
Any one person may hold any number of offices of the corporation at any one time unless specifically prohibited therefrom by law. The
salaries and other compensation of the officers of the corporation shall be fixed by or in the manner designated by the Board of Directors.
The officers of the corporation need not be stockholders of the corporation.

Section 5.2. Tenure and Duties of Officers.

(a) General. All officers
shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and until their successors shall have been duly elected and qualified, or
until such officers earlier death, resignation, or removal. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed
at any time by the Board of Directors. If the office of any officer becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may be filled by the Board
of Directors.

(b) Duties of Chief Executive
Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and at all meetings of the Board of Directors
(if a director) unless the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the Lead Independent Director has been appointed and is present. Unless
an officer has been appointed Chief Executive Officer of the corporation, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation
and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and officers
of the corporation. To the extent that a Chief Executive Officer has been appointed and no President has been appointed, all references
in these Bylaws to the President shall be deemed references to the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall perform
other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors
shall designate from time to time.

(c) Duties of President.
The President shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and at all meetings of the Board of Directors, unless the Chairman of
the Board of Directors (if a director), the Lead Independent Director, or the Chief Executive Officer has been appointed and is present.
Unless another officer has been appointed Chief Executive Officer of the corporation, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer
of the corporation and shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the
business and officers of the corporation.The President shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall
also perform such other duties and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time.

(d) Duties of Vice Presidents.
The Vice Presidents may assume and perform the duties of the President in the absence or disability of the President or whenever the office
of President is vacant. The Vice Presidents shall perform other duties commonly incident to their office and shall also perform such other
duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer, or, if the Chief Executive Officer has not
been appointed or is absent, the President shall designate from time to time.

(e) Duties of Secretary.
The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors and shall record all acts and proceedings thereof
in the minute book of the corporation. The Secretary shall give notice in conformity with these Bylaws of all meetings of the stockholders
and of all meetings of the Board of Directors and any committee thereof requiring notice. The Secretary shall perform all other duties
provided for in these Bylaws and other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other
powers, as the Board of Directors shall designate from time to time. The President may direct any Assistant Secretary or other officer
to assume and perform the duties of the Secretary in the absence or disability of the Secretary, and each Assistant Secretary shall perform
other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors
or the President shall designate from time to time.

(f) Duties of Chief Financial
Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall keep or cause to be kept the books of account of the corporation in a thorough and proper
manner and shall render statements of the financial affairs of the corporation in such form and as often as required by the Board of Directors
or the President. The Chief Financial Officer, subject to the order of the Board of Directors, shall have the custody of all funds and
securities of the corporation. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform
such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors or the President shall designate from time to time. To the extent
that a Chief Financial Officer has been appointed and no Treasurer has been appointed, all references in these Bylaws to the Treasurer
shall be deemed references to the Chief Financial Officer. The President may direct the Treasurer, if any, or any Assistant Treasurer,
or the Controller or any Assistant Controller to assume and perform the duties of the Chief Financial Officer in the absence or disability
of the Chief Financial Officer, and each Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer and each Controller and Assistant Controller shall perform
other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of Directors
or the President shall designate from time to time.

(g) Duties of Treasurer.
Unless another officer has been appointed Chief Financial Officer of the corporation, the Treasurer shall be the chief financial officer
of the corporation and shall keep or cause to be kept the books of account of the corporation in a thorough and proper manner and shall
render statements of the financial affairs of the corporation in such form and as often as required by the Board of Directors or the President,
and, subject to the order of the Board of Directors, shall have the custody of all funds and securities of the corporation.The
Treasurer shall perform other duties commonly incident to the office and shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers
as the Board of Directors or the President shall designate from time to time.

(h) Duties of Other Officers.
Such other officers as the Board of Directors may choose shall perform such duties and have such powers as from time to time may be
assigned to them by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may delegate to any other officer of the corporation the power to choose
such other officers and to prescribe their respective duties and powers.

Section 5.3. Delegation
of Authority. The Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officer or agent,
notwithstanding any provision hereof.

Section 5.4. Resignations.
Any officer may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Board of Directors or to the President
or to the Secretary. Any such resignation shall be effective when received by the person or persons to whom such notice is given, unless
a later time is specified therein, in which event the resignation shall become effective at such later time. Unless otherwise specified
in such notice, the acceptance of any such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation shall be without prejudice
to the rights, if any, of the corporation under any contract with the resigning officer.

Section 5.5. Removal.
Any officer may be removed from office at any time, either with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors
in office at the time, or by the unanimous written consent of the directors in office at the time, or by any committee or by the Chief
Executive Officer or by other superior officers upon whom such power of removal may have been conferred by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE VI 

EXECUTION OF CORPORATE INSTRUMENTS AND VOTING
OF SECURITIES OWNED BY THE CORPORATION 

Section 6.1. Execution
of Corporate Instruments. The Board of Directors may, in its discretion, determine the method and designate the signatory officer
or officers, or other person or persons, to execute on behalf of the corporation any corporate instrument or document, or to sign on behalf
of the corporation the corporate name without limitation, or to enter into contracts on behalf of the corporation, except where otherwise
provided by law or these Bylaws, and such execution or signature shall be binding upon the corporation.

All checks and drafts drawn
on banks or other depositaries on funds to the credit of the corporation or in special accounts of the corporation shall be signed by
such person or persons as the Board of Directors shall authorize so to do.

Unless authorized or ratified
by the Board of Directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent, or employee shall have any power or authority to
bind the corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.

Section 6.2. Voting of
Securities Owned by the Corporation. All stock and other securities of other corporations owned or held by the corporation for itself,
or for other parties in any capacity, shall be voted, and all proxies with respect thereto shall be executed, by the person authorized
so to do by resolution of the Board of Directors, or, in the absence of such authorization, by the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or any Vice President.

ARTICLE VII 

SHARES OF STOCK 

Section 7.1. Form and
Execution of Certificates. The shares of the corporation shall be represented by certificates, or shall be uncertificated if so provided
by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors. Certificates for the shares of stock of the corporation, if any, shall be in such
formas is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law. Every holder of stock represented by certificatein
the corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the corporation by the Chairman of the Board of Directors,
the Chief Executive Officer, or the President or any Vice President and by the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer
or the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, certifying the number of shares owned by him or her in the corporation. Any or all of the signatures
on the certificate may be facsimiles. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has
been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it
may be issued with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue.

Section 7.2. Lost Certificates.
A new certificate or certificates shall be issued in place of any certificate, or certificates theretofore issued by the corporation alleged
to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock
to be lost, stolen, or destroyed. The corporation may require, as a condition precedent to the issuance of a new certificate or certificates,
the owner of such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate or certificates, or the owners legal representative, to agree to indemnify
the corporation in such manner as it shall require or to give the corporation a surety bond in such form and amount as it may direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against the corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen,
or destroyed.

Section 7.3. Transfers. 

(a) Transfers of record
of shares of stock of the corporation shall be made only upon its books by the holders thereof, in person or by attorney duly authorized,
and, in the case of stock represented by certificate, upon the surrender of a properly endorsed certificate or certificates for a like
number of shares.

(b) The corporation
shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the corporation
to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not
prohibited by the DGCL.

Section 7.4. Fixing Record Dates. 

(a) In order that
the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof,
the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record
date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall, subject to applicable law, not be more than 60 nor less than 10
days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders
entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which
notice is given, or if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination
of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting;
provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

(b) In order that
the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights
or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any
other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which
the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record
date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which
the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

Section 7.5. Registered
Stockholders. The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner
of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest
in such share or shares on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise
provided by the laws of Delaware.

ARTICLE VIII 

OTHER SECURITIES OF THE CORPORATION 

Section 8.1. Execution
of Other Securities. All bonds, debentures and other corporate securities of the corporation, other than stock certificates (covered
in Section 7.1 of these Bylaws), may be signed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or
any Vice President, or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, and the corporate seal impressed thereon or a
facsimile of such seal imprinted thereon and attested by the signature of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Chief Financial
Officer or Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer; provided, however, that where any such bond, debenture or other corporate security
shall be authenticated by the manual signature, or where permissible facsimile signature, of a trustee under an indenture pursuant to
which such bond, debenture or other corporate security shall be issued, the signatures of the persons signing and attesting the corporate
seal on such bond, debenture or other corporate security may be the imprinted facsimile of the signatures of such persons. Interest coupons
appertaining to any such bond, debenture, or other corporate security, authenticated by a trustee as aforesaid, shall be signed by the
Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer of the corporation or such other person as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, or bear imprinted
thereon the facsimile signature of such person. In case any officer who shall have signed or attested any bond, debenture or other corporate
security, or whose facsimile signature shall appear thereon or on any such interest coupon, shall have ceased to be such officer before
the bond, debenture or other corporate security so signed or attested shall have been delivered, such bond, debenture or other corporate
security nevertheless may be adopted by the corporation and issued and delivered as though the person who signed the same or whose facsimile
signature shall have been used thereon had not ceased to be such officer of the corporation.

ARTICLE IX 

DIVIDENDS 

Section 9.1. Declaration
of Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and
applicable law, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors pursuant to law at any regular or special meeting. Dividends may be
paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable
law.

Section 9.2. Dividend
Reserve. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum
or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies,
or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or for such other purpose as the Board of
Directors shall think conducive to the interests of the corporation, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve
in the manner in which it was created.

ARTICLE X 

FISCAL YEAR 

Section 10.1. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year
of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE XI 

INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 11.1. Indemnification of Directors,
Officers, Employees and Other Agents. 

(a) Directors and Officers.
The corporation shall indemnify its directors and officers to the extent not prohibited by the DGCL or any other applicable law; provided,
however, that the corporation may modify the extent of such indemnification by individual contracts with its directors and officers;
and, provided, further, that the corporation shall not be required to indemnify any director or officer in connection with any
proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless (i) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, (ii) the
proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors of the corporation, (iii) such indemnification is provided by the corporation, in
its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the corporation under the DGCL or any other applicable law or (iv) such indemnification
is required to be made under subsection (d).

(b) Employees and Other
Agents. The corporation shall have power to indemnify its employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable
law. The Board of Directors shall have the power to delegate the determination of whether indemnification shall be given to any such person
(except for officers) or other persons as the Board of Directors shall determine.

(c) Expenses. The
corporation shall advance to any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director
or officer, of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, prior to the final disposition of the proceeding, promptly following request therefor,
all expenses incurred by any director or officerin connection with such proceeding provided, however, that if the DGCL requires,
an advancement of expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer(and not in any
other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan)
shall be made only upon delivery to the corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter an undertaking), by or
on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which
there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a final adjudication) that such indemnitee is not entitled
to be indemnified for such expenses under this Section 11.1 or otherwise.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
unless otherwise determined pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section 11.1, no advance shall be made by the corporation to an officer
of the corporation (except by reason of the fact that such officer is or was a director of the corporation in which event this paragraph
shall not apply) in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, if a determination is reasonably
and promptly made (i) by a majority vote of directors who were not parties to the proceeding, even if not a quorum, or (ii) by a committee
of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no such directors,
or such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, that the facts known to the decision-making party at the
time such determination is made demonstrate clearly and convincingly that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person
did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation.

(d) Enforcement. Without
the necessity of entering into an express contract, all rights to indemnification and advances to directors and officers under this Section
11.1 shall be deemed to be contractual rights and be effective to the same extent and as if provided for in a contract between the corporation
and the director or officer. Any right to indemnification or advances granted by this Section 11.1 to a director or officer shall be enforceable
by or on behalf of the person holding such right in any court of competent jurisdiction if (i) the claim for indemnification or advances
is denied, in whole or in part, or (ii) no disposition of such claim is made within 90 days of request therefor. To the extent permitted
by law, the claimant in such enforcement action, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting
the claim. In connection with any claim for indemnification, the corporation shall be entitled to raise as a defense to any such action
that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct that make it permissible under the DGCL or any other applicable law for the corporation
to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed. In connection with any claim by an officer of the corporation (except in any action,
suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that such officer is or was a director
of the corporation) for advances, the corporation shall be entitled to raise a defense as to any such action clear and convincing evidence
that such person acted in bad faith or in a manner that such person did not believe to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation, or with respect to any criminal action or proceeding that such person acted without reasonable cause to believe that his
or her conduct was lawful. Neither the failure of the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its
stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in
the circumstances because the director or officer has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable
law, nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders)
that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that claimant
has not met the applicable standard of conduct. In any suit brought by a director or officer to enforce a right to indemnification or
to an advancement of expenses hereunder, the burden of proving that the director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such
advancement of expenses, under this Section 11.1 or otherwise shall be on the corporation.

(e) Non-Exclusivity of
Rights. The rights conferred on any person by this Bylaw shall not be exclusive of any other right which such person may have or hereafter
acquire under any applicable statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise, both as to action in such persons official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding
office. The corporation is specifically authorized to enter into individual contracts with any or all of its directors, officers, employees
or agents respecting indemnification and advances, to the fullest extent not prohibited by the DGCL, or by any other applicable law.

(f) Survival of Rights.
The rights conferred on any person by this Bylaw shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer, or, if
applicable, employee or other agent,and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

(g) Insurance. To
the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL or any other applicable law, the corporation, upon approval by the Board of Directors, may purchase
insurance on behalf of any person required or permitted to be indemnified pursuant to this Section 11.1.

(h) Amendments. Any
repeal or modification of this Section 11.1 shall only be prospective and shall not affect the rights under this Bylaw in effect at the
time of the alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that is the cause of any proceeding against any agent of the corporation.

(i) Saving Clause. If
this Bylaw or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the corporation shall
nevertheless indemnify each director and officer to the full extent not prohibited by any applicable portion of this Section 11.1 that
shall not have been invalidated, or by any other applicable law. If this Section 11.1 shall be invalid due to the application of the indemnification
provisions of another jurisdiction, then the corporation shall indemnify each director and officerto the full extent under
any other applicable law.

(j) Certain Definitions. For the purposes
of this Bylaw, the following definitions shall apply:

(i) The term proceeding
shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, the investigation, preparation, prosecution, defense, settlement, arbitration,
and appeal of, and the giving of testimony in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative.

(ii) The term expenses
shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, court costs, attorneys fees, witness fees, fines, amounts paid
in settlement or judgment and any other costs and expenses of any nature or kind incurred in connection with any proceeding.

(iii) The term the
corporation shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including
any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had
power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position
under the provisions of this Section 45 with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent
corporation if its separate existence had continued.

(iv) References to
a director, officer, employee, or agent
of the corporation shall include, without limitation, situations where such person is serving at the request of the corporation as, respectively,
a director, officer, employee, trustee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise.

(v) References to
other enterprises shall include employee benefit plans; references to fines shall include any
excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to serving at the request of the
corporation shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties
on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or
beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants
and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests
of the corporation as referred to in this Section 11.1.

ARTICLE XII 

NOTICES 

Section 12.1. Notices. 

(a) Notice to Stockholders.
Written notice to stockholders of stockholder meetings shall be given as provided in Section 3.4 of these Bylaws. Without limiting
the manner by which notice may otherwise be given effectively to stockholders under any agreement or contract with such stockholder, and
except as otherwise required by law, written notice to stockholders for purposes other than stockholder meetings may be sent by U.S. mail
or nationally recognized overnight courier, or by facsimile, telegraph or telex, or by electronic mail or other electronic means.

(b) Notice to Directors.
Any notice required to be given to any director may be given by the method stated in subsection (a), or as otherwise provided in these
Bylaws, except that such notice other than one which is delivered personally shall be sent to such address as such director shall have
filed in writing with the Secretary, or, in the absence of such filing, to the last known post office address of such director.

(c) Affidavit of Mailing.
An affidavit of mailing, executed by a duly authorized and competent employee of the corporation or its transfer agent appointed with
respect to the class of stock affected, or other agent, specifying the name and address or the names and addresses of the stockholder
or stockholders, or director or directors, to whom any such notice or notices was or were given, and the time and method of giving the
same, shall in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts therein contained.

(d) Methods of Notice.
It shall not be necessary that the same method of giving notice be employed in respect of all recipients of notice, but one permissible
method may be employed in respect of any one or more, and any other permissible method or methods may be employed in respect of any other
or others.

(e) Notice to Person With
Whom Communication is Unlawful. Whenever notice is required to be given, under any provision of law or of the Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws of the corporation, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be
required and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such
person. Any action or meeting which shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall
have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. In the event that the action taken by the corporation is such as
to require the filing of a certificate under any provision of the DGCL, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice
is required, that notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful.

(f) Notice to Stockholders
Sharing an Address. Except as otherwise prohibited under the DGCL, any notice given under the provisions of the DGCL, the Certificate
of Incorporation or the Bylaws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders who share an address if consented
to by the stockholders at that address to whom such notice is given. Such consent shall have been deemed to have been given if such stockholder
fails to object in writing to the corporation within 60 days of having been given notice by the corporation of its intention to send the
single notice. Any consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the corporation.

ARTICLE XIII 

AMENDMENTS 

Section 13.1. Amendments.
Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 11.1(h) of these Bylaws or the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board
of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend, or repeal the Bylaws of the corporation. Any adoption, amendment, or repeal of the
Bylaws of the corporation by the Board of Directors shall require the approval of a majority of the authorized number of directors. The
stockholders also shall have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the corporation; provided, however, that, in addition
to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the corporation required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation,
such action by stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding
shares of the capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class.

ARTICLE XIV 

LOANS TO OFFICERS OR EMPLOYEES 

Section 14.1. Loans to
Officers or Employees. Except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, the corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation
of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the corporation or of its subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who
is a director of the corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance
may reasonably be expected to benefit the corporation. The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be with or without interest and may
be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of
stock of the corporation. Nothing in these Bylaws shall be deemed to deny, limit, or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the
corporation at common law or under any statute.

ARTICLE XV 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 15.1. Forum. 

(a) Unless the corporation
consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and
only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) and any appellate
court therefrom shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the following claims or causes of action under Delaware statutory or common
law: (A) any derivative claim or cause of action brought on behalf of the corporation; (B) any claim or cause of action for breach of
a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of the corporation, to the corporation or the corporations
stockholders; (C) any claim or cause of action against the corporation or any current or former director, officer or other employee of
the corporation, arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the corporation
(as each may be amended from time to time); (D) any claim or cause of action seeking to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity
of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the corporation (as each may be amended from time to time, including any right, obligation,
or remedy thereunder); (E) any claim or cause of action as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware; and (F) any claim or cause of action against the corporation or any current or former director, officer or other employee
of the corporation, governed by the internal-affairs doctrine or otherwise related to the corporations internal affairs, in all
cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named
as defendants. This Section 15.1 of Article XV shall not apply to claims or causes of action brought to enforce a duty or liability created
by the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.

(b) Unless the corporation
consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the
United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the
1933 Act, including all causes of action asserted against any defendant named in such complaint. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision
is intended to benefit and may be enforced by the corporation, its officers and directors, the underwriters for any offering giving rise
to such complaint, and any other professional entity whose profession gives authority to a statement made by that person or entity and
who has prepared or certified any part of the documents underlying the offering.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

00:00:00.000 --> 00:00:06.720

All right. Hello and welcome to a special meeting
of the shareholders of Banzai International,

00:00:06.720 --> 00:00:13.240

Inc. I am Joseph Davy, Chief Executive Officer
of the company. There are five items of business

00:00:13.240 --> 00:00:18.580

on today's agenda. One, to grant the board authority
to issue shares of our Class A Common

00:00:18.580 --> 00:00:24.200

Stock in excess of 20% of the number of shares
issued and outstanding as of the closing of

00:00:24.200 --> 00:00:29.040

a merger by and among the company, Banzai Reel
Acquisition Inc., a Delaware corporation

00:00:29.040 --> 00:00:35.240

and wholly owned subsidiary of Banzai, ClearDoc,
Inc., a Delaware corporation who does business

00:00:35.240 --> 00:00:40.120

as OpenReel and stockholders of OpenReel pursuant
to that certain agreement and plan

00:00:40.120 --> 00:00:46.360

a merger dated as of December 10, 2024, between
the aforementioned parties. For purposes of

00:00:46.360 --> 00:00:51.240

complying with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635D, we need
shareholder approval of the issuance

00:00:51.240 --> 00:00:56.280

of Class A Common Stock, including upon the exercise
of prefunded warrants in an amount

00:00:56.280 --> 00:01:01.920

equal to or in excess of 20% of the Class A Common
Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding

00:01:01.920 --> 00:01:06.080

immediately prior to the closing of the merger.
The proxy statement referred to this proposal

00:01:06.080 --> 00:01:12.760

as the merger issuance proposal. Two, to authorize
the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock,

00:01:12.760 --> 00:01:16.600

including upon exercise of the warrants issue,
issuable pursuant to that certain securities

00:01:16.600 --> 00:01:21.920

purchase agreement dated as of September 24, 2024
between the company and one institutional

00:01:21.920 --> 00:01:28.240

investor and in an amount equal to or in excess
of 20% of all common stock outstanding on

00:01:28.240 --> 00:01:33.200

the date of the purchase agreement to comply with
NASDAQ Rule 5635D. The proxy statement

00:01:33.200 --> 00:01:38.240 

referred to the proposal as private financing
issuance proposal. Three, to amend the Amended & Restated

00:01:38.240 --> 00:01:43.480

Certificate of Incorporation to allow for shareholder
approval via written consents.

00:01:43.480 --> 00:01:47.600

Proxy statement referred to this proposal as the
written consent proposal. Four, to

00:01:47.600 --> 00:01:51.920

increase the number of shares available for issuance
under our 2023 Equity Incentive

00:01:51.920 --> 00:02:00.440

Plan from 102,319 to 10 million. The proxy statement
referred to this proposal as the

00:02:00.440 --> 00:02:07.000

option proposal. Five, to approve one or more
adjournments if necessary. Since we have sufficient

00:02:07.000 --> 00:02:11.880

votes to approve the foregoing proposals, this
meeting will not be adjourned. Being

00:02:11.880 --> 00:02:15.320

appointed by the Board of Directors, I will act
as chairman of this meeting and Alvin

00:02:15.320 --> 00:02:20.160

Yip, the inspector, will act as inspector of this
meeting. The following directors are

00:02:20.160 --> 00:02:26.920

present at the meeting. Joseph Davy, chief executive
officer, chairman and director,

00:02:26.920 --> 00:02:33.280

and Alvin Yip, our interim chief financial officer.
I believe that that is it. I

00:02:33.280 --> 00:02:38.200

just want to confirm that. Yes, that is it.

00:02:38.200 --> 00:02:40.120

Yes, Joe.

00:02:40.120 --> 00:02:50.040

Thank you. Let's see. Also present today are Alvin
Yip, the company's interim CFO, and

00:02:50.040 --> 00:02:55.120

Rachael Schmierer, a representative from our outside
U.S. securities counsel, Hunter Taubman

00:02:55.120 --> 00:03:01.080

Fischer & Li LLC is also present. With certain
exceptions, all persons who held shares of

00:03:01.080 --> 00:03:05.520

the company on the record date January 13, 2025,
were permitted to vote for this shareholders

00:03:05.520 --> 00:03:09.680

meeting. Many shareholders have already submitted
their proxies. All proxies will be voted as

00:03:09.680 --> 00:03:15.040

marked. If you have already voted by proxy, you
do not need to take any further action.

00:03:15.040 --> 00:03:18.020

Before we continue, I would like to review some
of the rules for the meeting. Stockholders

00:03:18.020 --> 00:03:22.040

who would like to ask a question may do so by
writing a question in the chat room of

00:03:22.040 --> 00:03:25.600

the meeting at any time during the meeting. I
will review the questions after revealing

00:03:25.600 --> 00:03:30.160

the vote and then answer certain selected questions.

00:03:30.160 --> 00:03:36.640

Thank you, Joe. As inspector of the election,
I would like to report some preliminary matters.

00:03:36.640 --> 00:03:42.600

First, we have reached a quorum since the holders
of more than a majority of the outstanding

00:03:42.600 --> 00:03:49.200

shares have returned proxies to us. Second, we
have received a statement from Broadridge,

00:03:49.200 --> 00:03:55.960

our proxy interpolator, showing that notice and
proxy materials were properly mailed to

00:03:55.960 --> 00:04:03.340

our shareholders on February 17, 2025. These records
are available for inspection at this

00:04:03.340 --> 00:04:12.280

meeting to anyone who wishes to review them. Since
the quorum is present, the meeting is

00:04:12.280 --> 00:04:18.320

duly constituted and the business of the meeting
can begin.

00:04:18.320 --> 00:04:23.200

Thank you, inspector. I will now discuss the matter
to be voted on at this meeting. Inspector,

00:04:23.200 --> 00:04:26.480

were there any shareholder nominations or proposals
for business at this meeting filed

00:04:26.480 --> 00:04:29.280

with you? No.

00:04:29.280 --> 00:04:32.160

Then the business of the meeting is limited to
the five matters on the agenda mentioned

00:04:32.160 --> 00:04:36.520

above. I would like to report that of the proxies
received, the votes submitted are

00:04:36.520 --> 00:04:42.280

as follows. For proposal number one, the merger
issuance proposal, with the shareholders of

00:04:42.280 --> 00:04:48.140

OpenReel common stock not being permitted to vote,
66.94% of the Class A Common Stock,

00:04:48.140 --> 00:04:55.480

the Class A Common Stock shares voted in favor
of the merger issuance proposal, 33.06% of the

00:04:55.480 --> 00:05:01.060

Class A Common Stock voted against or abstained,
100% of the Class B Common Stock, the class

00:05:01.060 --> 00:05:05.360

Class B Stock together with the Class A Stock,
the common stock shares voted in favor of the

00:05:05.360 --> 00:05:12.140

merger issuance proposal, 0% of the Class B Stock
voted against or abstained. For proposal

00:05:12.140 --> 00:05:16.200

number two, the private financing proposal with
the holders of the private warrants not

00:05:16.200 --> 00:05:21.360

being permitted to vote, 99.62% of the shares
of the common stock voted in favor of the

00:05:21.360 --> 00:05:26.720

private financing issuance proposal, 0.38% of
the shares of common stock voted against

00:05:26.720 --> 00:05:33.360

or abstained. For proposal number three, the written
consent proposal, 99.65% of the shares

00:05:33.360 --> 00:05:40.400

of common stock voted in favor of the written
consent proposal, 0.53% of the shares of common

00:05:40.400 --> 00:05:48.040

stock voted against or abstained. For proposal
number four, the option proposal, 99.53% of

00:05:48.040 --> 00:05:54.820

the shares of common stock voted in favor of the
option proposal and 0.47 of the shares

00:05:54.820 --> 00:05:58.040

of common stock voted against or abstained.

00:05:58.040 --> 00:06:03.960

For proposal number five, the adjournment proposal
99.60% of the shares of common stock

00:06:03.960 --> 00:06:13.960

voted in favor of the adjournment proposal and
0.40% of the shares of common stock voted

00:06:13.960 --> 00:06:16.480

against or abstained.

00:06:16.480 --> 00:06:18.840

The proposals have been approved.

00:06:18.840 --> 00:06:23.040

Ladies and gentlemen, we have already finished
the business set out in our agenda of the

00:06:23.040 --> 00:06:24.040

meeting.

00:06:24.040 --> 00:06:27.520

I will take a few moments to review the questions
provided in the chat room.

00:06:27.520 --> 00:06:32.800

After reviewing the questions, I will let you
know.

00:06:32.800 --> 00:06:34.800

Let's see.

00:06:34.800 --> 00:06:36.800

Okay.

00:06:36.800 --> 00:06:44.480

We've got one question here, which I will answer
now.

00:06:44.480 --> 00:06:48.520

The question is, what specific capabilities or
technologies are we prioritizing in these

00:06:48.520 --> 00:06:52.640

MarTech acquisitions to strengthen our competitive
position in the market?

00:06:52.640 --> 00:06:54.000

This is a fantastic question.

00:06:54.000 --> 00:06:56.480

Thank you for asking.

00:06:56.480 --> 00:07:08.440

We have a belief that the future marketing technology
is going to include both more automation

00:07:08.440 --> 00:07:11.440

and more AI.

00:07:11.440 --> 00:07:16.640

And we talk a lot about how we think that is going
to play out.

00:07:16.640 --> 00:07:25.080

But in terms of what we think about when we are
looking at acquisitions, first of all,

00:07:25.080 --> 00:07:28.640

we are not looking at buying pure technologies.

00:07:28.640 --> 00:07:35.960

We are really looking at buying operating businesses
that have a technology solution

00:07:35.960 --> 00:07:37.160

attached to them.

00:07:37.160 --> 00:07:41.880

In other words, we don't want to buy something
that is an unproven product or something that

00:07:41.880 --> 00:07:44.760

might be an interesting thing down the road.

00:07:44.760 --> 00:07:49.760

In most cases, what we are looking at are operating
businesses that we feel have an

00:07:49.760 --> 00:07:55.320

existing customer base, already have market demand,
and where we think that our existing

00:07:55.320 --> 00:08:00.600

customers want that product, that that adds something
in terms of the customer value we

00:08:00.600 --> 00:08:08.100

can create, and that the products that we already
offer will create value for their

00:08:08.100 --> 00:08:09.100

customer base.

00:08:09.100 --> 00:08:13.160

So we think a lot more about the customer base.

00:08:13.160 --> 00:08:24.440

In terms of the technology or capabilities, though,
we are really looking at how can this

00:08:24.440 --> 00:08:33.480

grow the AI context that we can control, the private
context, meaning the data that we

00:08:33.480 --> 00:08:41.840

can gather, or the assets that we can gather that
can help our AI better understand the

00:08:41.840 --> 00:08:48.000

businesses, that better understand our customers,
so that ultimately we can build more useful,

00:08:48.000 --> 00:08:56.800

more interesting AI features, AI functionality
to automate more stuff, get stuff done faster

00:08:56.800 --> 00:08:57.800

for the customers.

00:08:57.800 --> 00:09:00.360

It is a really pretty simple strategy.

00:09:00.360 --> 00:09:06.020

The more that we understand and the more that
we can put into that AI context over time,

00:09:06.020 --> 00:09:10.560

the more AI will be able to do for you and the
less our customers will have to go out

00:09:10.560 --> 00:09:12.280

and do stuff on their own.

00:09:12.280 --> 00:09:21.000

So for example, we just a couple weeks ago rolled
out Create Studio 4, which is a fantastic

00:09:21.000 --> 00:09:22.000

product.

00:09:22.000 --> 00:09:25.780

If you haven't already checked this out, go to
createstudio.com.

00:09:25.780 --> 00:09:28.020

You can buy the product right on the website.

00:09:28.020 --> 00:09:30.820

It's a very affordable product.

00:09:30.820 --> 00:09:33.360

I think everybody will be really impressed with
it.

00:09:33.360 --> 00:09:39.480

But that Create Studio 4 includes a lot of new
AI features.

00:09:39.480 --> 00:09:45.280

For example, our customers can now answer a small
handful of questions and generate

00:09:45.280 --> 00:09:48.760

an entire video ad campaign inside Create Studio.

00:09:48.760 --> 00:09:54.480

It creates content for them, creates scenes, writes
scripts, does everything they need

00:09:54.480 --> 00:09:59.200

to do, generates 3D avatars, all the stuff that
they would want to do on their own.

00:09:59.200 --> 00:10:06.800

So the product already made it easy for you to
do that, but now leveraging AI, the version

00:10:06.800 --> 00:10:10.160

3 of the product took something that would originally
take a week and shrunk it down

00:10:10.160 --> 00:10:11.960

to an hour.

00:10:11.960 --> 00:10:17.640

Now it takes something that would take an hour
and shrinks it down to 5 or 10 minutes.

00:10:17.640 --> 00:10:24.900

And so this is really powerful because it gives
ordinary marketing managers the superpower

00:10:24.900 --> 00:10:33.560

to be able to generate their own content without
having to bring in a video animator, 3D animator,

00:10:33.560 --> 00:10:38.560

stuff like that, which is incredibly, incredibly
valuable.

00:10:38.560 --> 00:10:43.520 

And we think a lot about that when we're thinking
about products is basically what superpower

00:10:43.520 --> 00:10:46.600

does this give the customer?

00:10:46.600 --> 00:10:56.600

And we call it the magic mushroom, basically,
reference to Super Mario Brothers.

00:10:56.600 --> 00:11:00.080

But what superpower does the customer get from
this?

00:11:00.080 --> 00:11:04.200

And so in the case of Create Studio 4, by adding
in those AI features, it does that.

00:11:04.200 --> 00:11:11.560

Now once we have a greater context about the customer,
so once we know more about their

00:11:11.560 --> 00:11:16.680

business, we can bring in their website, bring
in their product information, their knowledge

00:11:16.680 --> 00:11:23.320

base, their notion, all that stuff, then we'll
be able to automatically create and suggest

00:11:23.320 --> 00:11:26.800

new video projects for them, maybe even generate
those projects for them without them even

00:11:26.800 --> 00:11:28.120 

having to ask for it.

00:11:28.120 --> 00:11:32.260

So that's the kind of stuff that's coming up down
the road.

00:11:32.260 --> 00:11:35.080

So when we're looking at acquisitions, we're really
looking at things that get more of

00:11:35.080 --> 00:11:38.640

that data into the context that we control.

00:11:38.640 --> 00:11:41.840

So hope that helps answer your question.

00:11:41.840 --> 00:11:44.600

Thanks because I thought that was a great question.

00:11:44.600 --> 00:11:48.300

We have one more question.

00:11:48.300 --> 00:11:49.600

This is from James.

00:11:49.600 --> 00:11:53.600

What are some major catalyst stockholders can
expect for the near future?

00:11:53.600 --> 00:11:57.760

What are some expected revenues with the current
acquisitions?

00:11:57.760 --> 00:12:00.720

So great question.

00:12:00.720 --> 00:12:12.200

I think what we've kind of publicly disclosed
so far is that the consolidated, unaudited

00:12:12.200 --> 00:12:27.240

2024 revenues were roughly $44 million for the
acquisitions that we have signed and announced.

00:12:27.240 --> 00:12:38.960

And so that represents roughly a 900% growth versus
where we started last year.

00:12:38.960 --> 00:12:45.680

So that's a major catalyst for us.

00:12:45.680 --> 00:12:49.080

And so you think about grow the business.

00:12:49.080 --> 00:12:51.880

Obviously we're issuing some shares here.

00:12:51.880 --> 00:12:54.800

So there's some dilution associated with that.

00:12:54.800 --> 00:12:59.320

But if you grow the business 10x in the process
of doing that, what we think a lot about is

00:12:59.320 --> 00:13:01.800

just how do we grow revenue per share?

00:13:01.800 --> 00:13:03.960

How do we grow earnings per share?

00:13:03.960 --> 00:13:11.200

So look, I think the catalysts are continuing
to see the top line growth.

00:13:11.200 --> 00:13:19.000

We believe that as we grow that top line that
we will see more.

00:13:19.000 --> 00:13:21.880

First of all, we'll just be a bigger company.

00:13:21.880 --> 00:13:25.880

We'll see more customer cross sales because we'll
have more products that we can offer

00:13:25.880 --> 00:13:27.760

to the existing customer base.

00:13:27.760 --> 00:13:29.320

We'll be able to grow that AI context.

00:13:29.320 --> 00:13:32.080

We'll be able to create more customer value.

00:13:32.080 --> 00:13:37.520

We'll be able to ultimately be a bigger company.

00:13:37.520 --> 00:13:44.880

We'll be able to hopefully get picked up by larger
funds, larger investors.

00:13:44.880 --> 00:13:50.680

And over time, we'll have a much more competitive
offering overall because we'll be able to

00:13:50.680 --> 00:13:56.840

solve a lot more different problems for customers
and grow that ASP and make them stickier and

00:13:56.840 --> 00:13:57.840

all of that.

00:13:57.840 --> 00:14:00.280

So that's a big focus area for us.

00:14:00.280 --> 00:14:08.000

I think the other thing is really just focusing
on getting to profitability.

00:14:08.000 --> 00:14:09.000

Obviously you can't make...

00:14:09.000 --> 00:14:14.560

I don't think we've made any public statements
about that yet other than to say that it is

00:14:14.560 --> 00:14:17.080

a big priority for us right now.

00:14:17.080 --> 00:14:22.120

And putting these acquisitions together, the purchase
price that we're paying for them

00:14:22.120 --> 00:14:24.200

is very affordable on average.

00:14:24.200 --> 00:14:26.400

I think we're paying two times revenue.

00:14:26.400 --> 00:14:31.520

The average company in the comps that we look
at is valued at about six and a half times

00:14:31.520 --> 00:14:33.300

revenue.

00:14:33.300 --> 00:14:35.960

So we think that we'll start to see that multiple
expansion.

00:14:35.960 --> 00:14:39.920

We think that that will ultimately reflect in
the share price going up.

00:14:39.920 --> 00:14:44.880

Again, we can't control that, but we think as
the company grows, as the profitability

00:14:44.880 --> 00:14:50.740

grows, as the revenue grows, as the customer base
grows, as the stickiness grows, the average

00:14:50.740 --> 00:14:55.640

customer value grows, we'll start to see that
reflected in the financial results.

00:14:55.640 --> 00:14:58.920

We'll start to see that reflected in the share
price.

00:14:58.920 --> 00:15:02.040

And I think we're hopefully...

00:15:02.040 --> 00:15:10.960

We've got our 10K coming out on 3/31 that will
partially reflect this.

00:15:10.960 --> 00:15:14.840

Hopefully our Q1s will even further reflect it.

00:15:14.840 --> 00:15:19.400

So we said we're going to do this starting last
year.

00:15:19.400 --> 00:15:20.840

We've delivered on that promise.

00:15:20.840 --> 00:15:23.420

I think we're hopefully going to continue doing
it this year.

00:15:23.420 --> 00:15:28.080

So far we've been able to find really great deals
and really great businesses to incorporate.

00:15:28.080 --> 00:15:32.320

So thank you for the question.

00:15:32.320 --> 00:15:33.320

Let's see.

00:15:33.320 --> 00:15:37.240

We've got a couple more questions here, so I just
want to make sure I'm addressing all

00:15:37.240 --> 00:15:38.240

of them.

00:15:38.240 --> 00:15:40.760

So I got a question from Van.

00:15:40.760 --> 00:15:43.720

Considering that you're attracting and financing
new acquisitions by issuing warrants, how

00:15:43.720 --> 00:15:47.220

do you plan to manage dilution strategically in
order to maintain the value of the stock?

00:15:47.220 --> 00:15:48.520

This is a great question.

00:15:48.520 --> 00:15:49.520

Thank you, Van.

00:15:49.520 --> 00:15:52.640

Look, I think a couple of things.

00:15:52.640 --> 00:16:00.480

Number one, when we're making an acquisition and
we're using stock to do that, we're really

00:16:00.480 --> 00:16:06.040

looking for people, looking for shareholders that
we think are going to be long-term shareholders

00:16:06.040 --> 00:16:08.120

that believe in the long-term vision of the business.

00:16:08.120 --> 00:16:13.960

I think in a lot of cases, it doesn't make financial
sense for, if you're a private equity

00:16:13.960 --> 00:16:18.760

firm that owns a SaaS business, it doesn't make
financial sense for you to do a deal

00:16:18.760 --> 00:16:23.360 

at a 2x multiple unless you believe that that
shareholder value is going to get created

00:16:23.360 --> 00:16:25.120

over time.

00:16:25.120 --> 00:16:31.800

And so that's, I think, the primary investment
thesis from their perspective, from the perspective

00:16:31.800 --> 00:16:33.920

of the companies that we're buying.

00:16:33.920 --> 00:16:39.400

And so I think the strategy of using shares in
pre-funded warrants is actually a great

00:16:39.400 --> 00:16:42.480

strategy.

00:16:42.480 --> 00:16:49.880

It minimizes the immediate impact in terms of
dilution, and it also allows us to have

00:16:49.880 --> 00:16:58.200

a lot more visibility into the holdings and all
of that for the folks that hold those

00:16:58.200 --> 00:17:02.580

warrants because we know in their exercise and
everything else.

00:17:02.580 --> 00:17:06.920

So we can manage the relationships with those
shareholders.

00:17:06.920 --> 00:17:10.680

But mainly, I think it's just having great relationships
with those shareholders, finding

00:17:10.680 --> 00:17:14.360

shareholders that are like-minded, believe in
the long-term vision.

00:17:14.360 --> 00:17:19.640

And so far, I think everybody that we've worked
with believes in that long-term value creation,

00:17:19.640 --> 00:17:20.960

and that's really why they're here.

00:17:20.960 --> 00:17:28.920

So I think everybody's in it for the long run,
and we hope that they'll continue to

00:17:28.920 --> 00:17:30.400

be long-term shareholders here.

00:17:30.400 --> 00:17:32.400

Thank you for the question.

00:17:32.400 --> 00:17:37.560

Let's see.

00:17:37.560 --> 00:17:42.680

Question from M. Asked, how does Act-On compare
or compete with market leaders like HubSpot?

00:17:42.680 --> 00:17:46.920

Are you looking at social media marketing tools,
web crawlers, DSPs, keywords, and SEO

00:17:46.920 --> 00:17:49.120

tools in the future?

00:17:49.120 --> 00:17:50.280

So two questions.

00:17:50.280 --> 00:17:53.000

So I'll answer the first one first.

00:17:53.000 --> 00:17:57.200

So when we started looking at Act-On, we've obviously
been familiar with Act-On for a long

00:17:57.200 --> 00:17:58.200

time.

00:17:58.200 --> 00:18:01.920

I think Act-On has been one of the kind of top
five competitors in that space.

00:18:01.920 --> 00:18:10.520

HubSpot has obviously built a fantastic business,
and that's great for them.

00:18:10.520 --> 00:18:15.400

But when we started looking at this, we really
wanted to look at this from the perspective

00:18:15.400 --> 00:18:19.840

of creating customer value.

00:18:19.840 --> 00:18:24.160

And at first, we weren't really sure what to think
about it.

00:18:24.160 --> 00:18:30.800

But as we started digging into the Act-On product
and the Act-On business, we just became really,

00:18:30.800 --> 00:18:36.360

really impressed with the product that they've
built.

00:18:36.360 --> 00:18:41.840

These guys have invested over $19 million in product
development over the last couple

00:18:41.840 --> 00:18:42.840

of years.

00:18:42.840 --> 00:18:45.760

They've completely rebuilt their engineering leadership.

00:18:45.760 --> 00:18:52.880

They've built a ton of AI features that nobody
else has, things like smart segments, things

00:18:52.880 --> 00:18:59.120

like automatically detecting correlations in your
data that can help marketers better

00:18:59.120 --> 00:19:01.200

define their strategies.

00:19:01.200 --> 00:19:05.420

So this is stuff that nobody else has, like nobody
else has in this business.

00:19:05.420 --> 00:19:09.160

We think a lot of the competitors have been under
invested in.

00:19:09.160 --> 00:19:12.320

Obviously HubSpot has built a phenomenal brand.

00:19:12.320 --> 00:19:17.520

But our opinion is that the Act-On product is
the best product in the marketing automation

00:19:17.520 --> 00:19:20.920

space today in terms of capabilities.

00:19:20.920 --> 00:19:25.360

We're super excited to be able to bring that product
to our customer base.

00:19:25.360 --> 00:19:30.960

As you guys know, we have over 90,000 customers
today, so we have a lot of expansion opportunity

00:19:30.960 --> 00:19:34.440

now to bring that product into those customers.

00:19:34.440 --> 00:19:42.320

And I think it's going to be very successful in
terms of cross sales to those customers.

00:19:42.320 --> 00:19:47.800

So we're really excited to get that integrated
in and start working on it.

00:19:47.800 --> 00:19:52.640

And so the second question is, are you looking
at social media marketing tools, web crawlers,

00:19:52.640 --> 00:19:54.600

DSPs, keyword SEO tools?

00:19:54.600 --> 00:20:06.760

I think the answer here is we're looking at any
tools that build our moat of data that

00:20:06.760 --> 00:20:13.280

we can leverage for AI context, build our moat
of assets that we can leverage across

00:20:13.280 --> 00:20:15.880

different products.

00:20:15.880 --> 00:20:21.640

So we have looked at SEO tools.

00:20:21.640 --> 00:20:25.640

We have looked at social media marketing.

00:20:25.640 --> 00:20:29.380

We have looked at DSPs.

00:20:29.380 --> 00:20:34.560

So I think there's a lot of opportunities out
there right now.

00:20:34.560 --> 00:20:40.300

High level things that we also care about are
basically the overall customer retention

00:20:40.300 --> 00:20:43.200

and net retention of the businesses that we're
looking at.

00:20:43.200 --> 00:20:48.160

So we really want to find tool categories that
are already sticky themselves.

00:20:48.160 --> 00:20:51.600

The stickier customers we can bring in, the easier
it's going to be for us to grow that

00:20:51.600 --> 00:20:53.320

business and expand that business.

00:20:53.320 --> 00:20:58.600

If you find something that's struggling there,
there's going to be a bit of a turnaround

00:20:58.600 --> 00:21:00.920

effort to fix it.

00:21:00.920 --> 00:21:03.640

So we want to find stuff that customers already
love the product.

00:21:03.640 --> 00:21:05.520

They're already using the product.

00:21:05.520 --> 00:21:07.080

They've already got a fanatical customer base.

00:21:07.080 --> 00:21:08.240

I'll give you a great example.

00:21:08.240 --> 00:21:09.240

This is Create Studio.

00:21:09.240 --> 00:21:16.600

When we did the Create Studio launch, we had over
2,600 people just on the launch call

00:21:16.600 --> 00:21:21.560

to introduce the new product, and it's an incredibly
fanatical customer base.

00:21:21.560 --> 00:21:25.100

The customers love this product.

00:21:25.100 --> 00:21:27.080

They're absolutely rabid about this product.

00:21:27.080 --> 00:21:32.160

And so we want to find those types of customer
bases where the customers are already very

00:21:32.160 --> 00:21:34.680

sticky and really love the products that are out
there.

00:21:34.680 --> 00:21:42.160

So I would say anything that we think is tangential
to our existing product line, anything we

00:21:42.160 --> 00:21:46.960

think our existing customers would want to add
on and make sense for them to add on in

00:21:46.960 --> 00:21:52.560

that context is stuff that we're looking at as
potential acquisitions.

00:21:52.560 --> 00:22:01.160

So thank you for the question.

00:22:01.160 --> 00:22:02.560

This is a great question.

00:22:02.560 --> 00:22:05.480

Are there additional areas of technologies you're
exploring to further enhance Banzai's

00:22:05.480 --> 00:22:07.820

offerings?

00:22:07.820 --> 00:22:11.360

There are a handful of areas that we're looking
at.

00:22:11.360 --> 00:22:24.080

I would say the things that are most interesting
to me right now probably are number one, I

00:22:24.080 --> 00:22:29.400

think the advertising space is really interesting.

00:22:29.400 --> 00:22:34.400

Not the ad platform space necessarily, but ad
tech.

00:22:34.400 --> 00:22:38.800

I think that AI is going to absolutely transform
this space over the next few years.

00:22:38.800 --> 00:22:45.920

We're going to see AI that can generate your ads,
run those ads across different platforms,

00:22:45.920 --> 00:22:49.820

see what's working, see what's not working, automatically
adjust your audiences, automatically

00:22:49.820 --> 00:22:55.440

adjust your bidding strategies, automatically
shift your budget to the areas that are performing

00:22:55.440 --> 00:22:57.120

the best.

00:22:57.120 --> 00:23:02.640

Maybe even that can go into your landing pages
or into your website and do live personalization

00:23:02.640 --> 00:23:05.680

or a live generation of content there.

00:23:05.680 --> 00:23:10.040

And so basically a fully closed loop system for
customer acquisition.

00:23:10.040 --> 00:23:14.840

I think we're going to see AI really take over
that space.

00:23:14.840 --> 00:23:18.400

So right now there's a lot of people doing pieces
of that.

00:23:18.400 --> 00:23:24.240

And I think putting all those pieces together
in a platform that can give that closed loop

00:23:24.240 --> 00:23:26.320

is going to be really powerful.

00:23:26.320 --> 00:23:29.900

So we're looking into that actively right now.

00:23:29.900 --> 00:23:39.600

I think customer success technology, so like customer
experience enablement, learning management.

00:23:39.600 --> 00:23:43.380

As I said, we're really focused on things that
can bring data into our platform.

00:23:43.380 --> 00:23:49.800

So marketing ETL, attribution, analytics, products
like that are really interesting

00:23:49.800 --> 00:23:50.800

categories for us.

00:23:50.800 --> 00:23:57.280

So basically anything we think will grow that
AI context that we can then leverage to deliver

00:23:57.280 --> 00:24:03.880

new interesting features for our customers.

00:24:03.880 --> 00:24:08.000

Let's see.

00:24:08.000 --> 00:24:13.320

Last one here is will the revenues be fully realized
in Q1 2025?

00:24:13.320 --> 00:24:15.560

Four million, 44 million ARR.

00:24:15.560 --> 00:24:21.880

I think the 44 million ARR number is going to
be, again, that's an unaudited number,

00:24:21.880 --> 00:24:28.640

but that's the number that's going to be disclosed
as part of the kind of consolidated filings

00:24:28.640 --> 00:24:32.240

that we're in the process of doing right now.

00:24:32.240 --> 00:24:35.400

Part of this is we got to get the acquisition
of Act-On closed.

00:24:35.400 --> 00:24:38.160

We're making good progress on that.

00:24:38.160 --> 00:24:42.440

So I think hopefully we're pretty close on that.

00:24:42.440 --> 00:24:48.200

So assuming we get Act-On closed and everything
else, I mean, I think that's the number that

00:24:48.200 --> 00:24:50.040

we put out there publicly.

00:24:50.040 --> 00:24:54.600

So that would be the number as of 12-31-2024.

00:24:54.600 --> 00:25:02.480

And then I think the Q1 number is going to reflect
all of the stuff that happened in

00:25:02.480 --> 00:25:05.540

Q1 in addition to that.

00:25:05.540 --> 00:25:10.880

So the Q1 number will come out mid-May, I think,
right Alvin?

00:25:10.880 --> 00:25:11.880

Right.

00:25:11.880 --> 00:25:12.880

Yeah.

00:25:12.880 --> 00:25:13.880

Yeah.

00:25:13.880 --> 00:25:21.200

So I think the Q1 numbers will be really, really
interesting for folks.

00:25:21.200 --> 00:25:26.200

So let's see.

00:25:26.200 --> 00:25:34.760

Just wanted to emphasize that we have, I think,
announced three total acquisitions in the

00:25:34.760 --> 00:25:41.560

last 75 days, OpenReel, Vidello, and Act-On.

00:25:41.560 --> 00:25:42.880

We've already closed two of those.

00:25:42.880 --> 00:25:45.280

We've already closed OpenReel and Vidello.

00:25:45.280 --> 00:25:47.940

We're working on Act-On right now.

00:25:47.940 --> 00:25:51.180

We are actively in talks with other folks as well.

00:25:51.180 --> 00:25:57.320

We don't have anything to share publicly about
that right now, but we're always open to other

00:25:57.320 --> 00:25:58.780

exciting opportunities.

00:25:58.780 --> 00:26:01.660

We've had a lot of people reach out to us.

00:26:01.660 --> 00:26:04.200

So I do think there's a lot of great opportunities
in the space right now.

00:26:04.200 --> 00:26:10.920

So very excited to share updates with you guys
as soon as we have them ready to go.

00:26:10.920 --> 00:26:15.560

So we're just going to grow this business to the
moon.

00:26:15.560 --> 00:26:17.940

That's our plan and our aspiration here.

00:26:17.940 --> 00:26:24.900

So thank you all for all the questions today.

00:26:24.900 --> 00:26:26.060

Let's see.

00:26:26.060 --> 00:26:29.960

Seeing no further questions, that concludes the
formal business of today's shareholders

00:26:29.960 --> 00:26:30.960

meeting.

00:26:30.960 --> 00:26:33.820

I declare that the formal part of today's meeting
is hereby adjourned.

00:26:33.820 --> 00:26:36.980

Thank you for your attendance in supporting Banzai
International, Inc.

00:26:36.980 --> 00:26:39.700

Be safe and have a great rest of your day.

00:26:39.700 --> 00:26:40.700

Thank you, everyone.

00:26:40.700 --> 00:26:41.700

Bye-bye.

00:26:41.700 --> 00:27:11.540

Thank you to everyone for the great questions.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bnzi-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bnzi-20250228_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>bnzi-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>bnzi-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 28, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39826

Entity Registrant Name Banzai
International, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001826011

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-3118980

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 435 Ericksen Ave

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 250

Entity Address, Address Line Three Bainbridge Island

Entity Address, City or Town Washington

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 98110

City Area Code (206)

Local Phone Number 414-1777

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol BNZI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 

Title of 12(b) Security Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50

Trading Symbol BNZIW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BNZI_ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=BNZI_RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://banzai.io/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bnzi-20250228.xsd 
bnzi-20250228_def.xml 
bnzi-20250228_lab.xml 
bnzi-20250228_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-009079-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001826011 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

0001826011 

BNZI:ClassCommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

0001826011 

BNZI:RedeemableWarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50Member 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001826011 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
Banzai International, Inc. 
DE 
001-39826 
85-3118980 
435 Ericksen Ave 
Suite 250 
Bainbridge Island 
Washington 
98110 
(206) 
414-1777 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
BNZI 
NASDAQ 
Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 
BNZIW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>