<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-054049.txt : 20250313
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-054049.hdr.sgml : 20250313
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250313171905
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-054049
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250313
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001029142
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				330728374
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34207
		FILM NUMBER:		25736886

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2100 POWELL STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 720
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5108485100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2100 POWELL STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 720
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d935304d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPfalse000102914200010291422025-03-132025-03-130001029142us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-03-132025-03-130001029142us-gaap:PreferredStockMember2025-03-132025-03-13

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 13, 2025

Dynavax Technologies Corporation

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-34207 33-0728374

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

2100 Powell Street, Suite 720 

Emeryville, California 94608

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 510848-5100

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value DVAX Nasdaq Global Select Market

Preferred Share Purchase Rights N/A Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

On March 13, 2025 (the Closing Date), Dynavax Technologies Corporation (the Company) issued $225.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the New Notes) in connection with the consummation of the previously announced transactions contemplated by the privately negotiated exchange and subscription agreements (the Exchange and Subscription Agreements) with certain holders of its outstanding 2.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes) and one new investor. The Company issued approximately $185.3 million aggregate principal amount of the New Notes and paid cash in the amount of approximately $82.5 million, representing the premium and accrued and unpaid interest on the 2026 Notes (the Cash Payment), in exchange for approximately $185.3 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes (the Exchange Transactions). The Company also issued approximately $39.7 million aggregate principal amount of the New Notes for cash (the Subscription Transactions and together with the Exchange Transactions, the Transactions). Following the closing of the Transactions, approximately $40.2 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes remain outstanding with terms unchanged, in addition to $225.0 million aggregate principal amount of the New Notes. 

The Company did not receive any cash proceeds from the Exchange Transactions. The gross proceeds from the Subscription Transactions were approximately $39.7 million. The Company used the gross proceeds from the Subscription Transactions, together with the net proceeds from the Unwind Transactions described below and cash on hand, to make the Cash Payment described above and the Share Repurchases (as defined below). 

The New Notes were issued pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture (the New Notes Indenture), dated as of the Closing Date, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). Pursuant to the New Notes Indenture, the New Notes bear interest from March 13, 2025 at a rate of 2.00% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025. The New Notes will mature on March 15, 2030, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. 

Holders may convert all or any portion of their New Notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December 15, 2029 only under the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2025 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Companys common stock (the common stock) for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any ten consecutive trading day period (the measurement period) in which the trading price (as defined in the New Notes Indenture) per $1,000 principal amount of the New Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (3) if the Company calls such New Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date but only with respect to the New Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption; or (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after December 15, 2029 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or any portion of their New Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. 

The conversion rate will initially be 54.9058 shares of the common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the New Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of $18.21 per share of the common stock, which reflects a conversion premium of 30% to the last reported sale price of the common stock on March 5, 2025). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date or if the Company delivers a notice of redemption, the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its New Notes in connection with such a corporate event or convert its New Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption during the related redemption period (as defined in the New Notes Indenture), as the case may be. 

The Company may not redeem the New Notes prior to March 20, 2028. The Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the New Notes (subject to the partial redemption limitation described in the New Notes Indenture), at its option, on or after March 20, 2028 and prior to the 26th scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, if the last reported sale price of the common stock has been at least 130% of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides a notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the New Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the New Notes. 

If the Company undergoes a fundamental change (as defined in the New Notes Indenture), subject to certain conditions and except as set forth in the New Notes Indenture, holders may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their New Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the New Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. 

The New Notes Indenture includes customary terms and covenants, including certain events of default. The following events are considered events of default with respect to the New Notes, which may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the New Notes: (1) the Company defaults in any payment of interest on any New Note when due and payable, and the default continues for a period of 30 days; (2) the Company defaults in the payment of principal of any New Note when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon optional redemption, upon any required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise; (3) failure by the Company to comply with the Companys obligation to convert the New Notes in accordance with the New Notes Indenture upon exercise of a holders conversion right and such failure continues for three (3) business days; (4) failure by the Company to give a fundamental change notice, notice of a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the New Notes Indenture) or notice of a specified corporate transaction, in each case when due and such failure continues for one (1) business day; (5) failure by the Company to comply with its obligations under the New Notes Indenture with respect to consolidation, merger and sale of the Companys assets; (6) failure by the Company for 60 days after written notice from the Trustee or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the New Notes then outstanding has been received to comply with any of the Companys other agreements contained in the New Notes or Indenture; (7) the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in the New Notes Indenture) defaults with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed with a principal amount in excess of $35.0 million (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such significant subsidiary, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity date or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal of any such debt when due and payable (after the expiration of all applicable grace periods) at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, and, in the cases of clauses (i) and (ii), such acceleration shall not have been rescinded or annulled or such failure to pay or default shall not have been cured or waived or such indebtedness shall not have been paid or discharged, as the case may be, within 30 days after written notice to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of New Notes then outstanding in accordance with the New Notes Indenture; (8) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of $35.0 million (or its foreign currency equivalent) or more (excluding any amounts covered by insurance) in the aggregate rendered against the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries, which judgment is not discharged, bonded, paid, waived or stayed within 60 days after (i) the date on which the right to appeal thereof has expired if no such appeal has commenced, or (ii) the date on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; or (9) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, or reorganization of the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries. 

If certain bankruptcy and insolvency-related events of default occur with respect to the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries, the principal of, and accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, on, all of the then outstanding New Notes shall automatically become due and payable. If an event of default other than certain bankruptcy and insolvency-related events of default with respect to the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Company, or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding New Notes by notice to the Company and the Trustee, may declare 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all of the then outstanding New Notes to be due and payable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the New Notes Indenture provides that, to the extent the Company elects, the sole remedy for an event of default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the New Notes Indenture will, for the first 365 days after the occurrence of such an event of default, consist exclusively of the right of holders to receive additional interest on the New Notes. 

The New Notes Indenture provides that the Company shall not consolidate with, merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the consolidated properties and assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to, another person (other than any such sale, conveyance, transfer or lease to one or more of the Companys direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries) unless: (1) the resulting, surviving or transferee person (if not the Company) shall be a qualified successor entity (as defined in the New Notes Indenture) (such qualified successor entity, the successor company) organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and such successor company (if not the Company) shall expressly assume, by supplemental indenture all of the Companys obligations under the New Notes and the New Notes Indenture; and (2) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing under the New Notes Indenture. 

The New Notes are the Companys general unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to all of the Companys indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the New Notes, equal in right of payment with all of the Companys existing and future liabilities that are not so subordinated, including the 2026 Notes, effectively junior to any of the Companys secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of the Companys existing or future subsidiaries. 

The New Notes were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The Company is relying on this exemption from registration based in part on representations made by the investors in the New Notes in the Exchange and Subscription Agreements. 

Separately, the Company entered into agreements with certain financial institutions party to the Companys existing capped call transactions entered into in connection with the 2026 Notes (the Existing Capped Call Counterparties and the Existing Capped Call Transactions, respectively) to terminate certain portions of the Existing Capped Call Transactions up to the notional amounts corresponding to the amount of 2026 Notes being exchanged in the Transactions (such terminations, the Unwind Transactions). 

In connection with the Transactions, the Company repurchased approximately $8 million of shares of common stock, using gross proceeds from the Subscription Transactions, net proceeds from the Unwind Transactions, or from cash on hand in privately negotiated transactions with certain purchases of the New Notes through a financial intermediary at a price per share of $14.01, which is the last reported sale price of the common stock on March 5, 2025 (the Share Repurchases) in order to facilitate the Transactions. 

The above description of the New Notes Indenture and the New Notes is a summary and is not complete. A copy of the New Notes Indenture and the form of the New Notes are filed as exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and the above summary is qualified by reference to the terms of the New Notes Indenture and the New Notes set forth in such exhibits. 

This Current Report on Form 8-K is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall it constitute an offer, solicitation or sale of the securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. 

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant 

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated into herein by reference. 

Item 3.02 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 

The Information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. Any shares of the common stock that may be issued upon conversion of the New Notes will be issued in reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as involving an exchange by the Company exclusively with its security holders. Initially, a maximum of 16,059,937 shares of the common stock may be issued upon conversion of the New Notes based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 71.3775 shares of the common stock per $1,000 principal amount of New Notes, which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

No. Description

4.1 Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2025, between Dynavax Technologies Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee.

4.2 Form of 2.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dynavax Technologies Corporation

Date: March 13, 2025 By: 

/s/ Kelly MacDonald

Kelly MacDonald

Senior Vice President, CFO
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d935304dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

AND 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Trustee 

INDENTURE 

Dated as of
March 13, 2025 

2.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE

ARTICLE 1

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions 1

Section 1.02. References to Interest 15

ARTICLE 2

ISSUE, DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION, REGISTRATIONAND EXCHANGEOF NOTES

Section 2.01. Designation and Amount 15

Section 2.02. Form of Notes 15

Section 2.03. Date and Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest and Defaulted Amounts 16

Section 2.04. Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes 18

Section 2.05. Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfer; Depositary 19

Section 2.06. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 25

Section 2.07. Temporary Notes 26

Section 2.08. Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc. 27

Section 2.09. CUSIP Numbers 27

Section 2.10. Additional Notes; Repurchases 27

ARTICLE 3

SATISFACTIONAND DISCHARGE

Section 3.01. Satisfaction and Discharge 28

ARTICLE 4

PARTICULAR COVENANTSOFTHE COMPANY

Section 4.01. Payment of Principal and Interest 28

Section 4.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency 29

Section 4.03. Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office 29

Section 4.04. Provisions as to Paying Agent 29

Section 4.05. Existence 31

Section 4.06. Rule 144A Information Requirement and Annual Reports 31

Section 4.07. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 33

Section 4.08. Compliance Certificate; Statements as to Defaults 34

Section 4.09. Further Instruments and Acts 34

i 

ARTICLE 5 

LISTSOF HOLDERSAND REPORTSBYTHE COMPANYANDTHE
TRUSTEE 

Section 5.01. Lists of Holders 34 

Section 5.02. 

Preservation and Disclosure of Lists 34 

ARTICLE 6 

DEFAULTSAND REMEDIES 

Section 6.01. Events of Default 35 

Section 6.02. 

Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment 36 

Section 6.03. 

Additional Interest 37 

Section 6.04. 

Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor 38 

Section 6.05. 

Application of Monies Collected by Trustee 40 

Section 6.06. 

Proceedings by Holders 41 

Section 6.07. 

Proceedings by Trustee 42 

Section 6.08. 

Remedies Cumulative and Continuing 42 

Section 6.09. 

Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of Holders 42 

Section 6.10. 

Notice of Defaults 43 

Section 6.11. 

Undertaking to Pay Costs 43 

ARTICLE 7 

CONCERNINGTHE TRUSTEE 

Section 7.01. Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee 43 

Section 7.02. 

Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc. 45 

Section 7.03. 

No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc. 47 

Section 7.04. 

Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar May Own
Notes 47 

Section 7.05. 

Monies and Shares of Common Stock to Be Held in Trust 47 

Section 7.06. 

Compensation and Expenses of Trustee 47 

Section 7.07. 

Officers Certificate as Evidence 48 

Section 7.08. 

Eligibility of Trustee 48 

Section 7.09. 

Resignation or Removal of Trustee 49 

Section 7.10. 

Acceptance by Successor Trustee 50 

Section 7.11. 

Succession by Merger, Etc. 50 

Section 7.12. 

Trustees Application for Instructions from the Company 51 

ARTICLE 8 

CONCERNINGTHE HOLDERS 

Section 8.01. Action by Holders 51 

Section 8.02. 

Proof of Execution by Holders 52 

Section 8.03. 

Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners 52 

Section 8.04. 

Company-Owned Notes Disregarded 52 

Section 8.05. 

Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound 53 

ii 

ARTICLE 9

HOLDERS MEETINGS

Section 9.01. Purpose of Meetings 53

Section 9.02. Call of Meetings by Trustee 53

Section 9.03. Call of Meetings by Company or Holders 54

Section 9.04. Qualifications for Voting 54

Section 9.05. Regulations 54

Section 9.06. Voting 55

Section 9.07. No Delay of Rights by Meeting 55

ARTICLE 10

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

Section 10.01. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 55

Section 10.02. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 57

Section 10.03. Effect of Supplemental Indentures 58

Section 10.04. Notation on Notes 58

Section 10.05. Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be Furnished Trustee 58

ARTICLE 11

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCEAND LEASE

Section 11.01. Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms 58

Section 11.02. Successor Company to Be Substituted 59

ARTICLE 12

IMMUNITYOF INCORPORATORS, STOCKHOLDERS, OFFICERSAND DIRECTORS

Section 12.01. Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations 60

ARTICLE 13

[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

ARTICLE 14

CONVERSIONOF NOTES

Section 14.01. Conversion Privilege 60

Section 14.02. Conversion Procedure; Settlement Upon Conversion 64

Section 14.03. 

Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes Surrendered in Connection with Make-Whole Fundamental

Changes or a Notice of Redemption 70

Section 14.04. Adjustment of Conversion Rate 72

Section 14.05. Adjustments of Prices 82

Section 14.06. Shares to Be Fully Paid 82

iii 

Section 14.07. Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock 82

Section 14.08. Certain Covenants 84

Section 14.09. Responsibility of Trustee 85

Section 14.10. Notice to Holders Prior to Certain Actions 85

Section 14.11. Stockholder Rights Plans 86

Section 14.12. Exchange in Lieu of Conversion 86

ARTICLE 15

REPURCHASEOF NOTESAT OPTIONOF HOLDERS

Section 15.01. [Intentionally Omitted] 87

Section 15.02. Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change 87

Section 15.03. Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice 90

Section 15.04. Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price 91

Section 15.05. Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes 91

ARTICLE 16

OPTIONAL REDEMPTION

Section 16.01. Optional Redemption 92

Section 16.02. Notice of Optional Redemption; Selection of Notes 92

Section 16.03. Payment of Notes Called for Redemption 94

Section 16.04. Restrictions on Redemption 94

ARTICLE 17

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 17.01. Provisions Binding on Companys Successors 94

Section 17.02. Official Acts by Successor Company 94

Section 17.03. Addresses for Notices, Etc. 95

Section 17.04. Governing Law; Jurisdiction 95

Section 17.05. Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent; Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to Trustee 96

Section 17.06. Legal Holidays 97

Section 17.07. No Security Interest Created 97

Section 17.08. Benefits of Indenture 97

Section 17.09. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. 97

Section 17.10. Authenticating Agent 97

Section 17.11. Execution in Counterparts 98

Section 17.12. Severability 98

Section 17.13. Waiver of Jury Trial 98

Section 17.14. Force Majeure 99

Section 17.15. Calculations 99

Section 17.16. USA PATRIOT Act 99

Section 17.17. Electronic Signatures 99

iv 

EXHIBIT 

Exhibit A Form of Note A-1

v 

INDENTURE dated as of March 13, 2025 between DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION, a
Delaware corporation, as issuer (the Company, as more fully set forth in Section 1.01) and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee, as more
fully set forth in Section 1.01). 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS, for its lawful corporate purposes, the Company has duly authorized the issuance of its 2.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the
Notes), initially in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $225,000,000, and in order to provide the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are to be authenticated, issued and delivered, the Company has duly authorized
the execution and delivery of this Indenture; 

WHEREAS, the Form of Note, the certificate of authentication to be borne by each Note, the
Form of Notice of Conversion, the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice and the Form of Assignment and Transfer to be borne by the Notes are to be substantially in the forms hereinafter provided; and 

WHEREAS, all acts and things necessary to make the Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee or a
duly authorized authenticating agent, as in this Indenture provided, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and this Indenture a valid agreement according to its terms, have been done and performed, and the execution of this
Indenture and the issuance hereunder of the Notes have in all respects been duly authorized. 

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

That in order to declare the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated, issued and delivered, and in
consideration of the premises and of the purchase and acceptance of the Notes by the Holders thereof, the Company covenants and agrees with the Trustee for the equal and proportionate benefit of the respective Holders from time to time of the Notes
(except as otherwise provided below), as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions. The terms defined in this Section 1.01 (except as herein otherwise expressly provided or
unless the context otherwise requires) for all purposes of this Indenture and of any indenture supplemental hereto shall have the respective meanings specified in this Section 1.01. The words herein, hereof,
hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. The terms defined in this Article include the plural as well as the singular. 

Additional Interest means all amounts, if any, payable pursuant to
Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and Section 6.03, as applicable. 

Additional Shares shall have the
meaning specified in Section 14.03(a). 

Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person directly or
indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct or
cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings
correlative to the foregoing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the determination of whether one Person is an Affiliate of another Person for purposes of this Indenture shall be made based on the facts at the time
such determination is made or required to be made, as the case may be, hereunder. 

Bid Solicitation Agent means the
Company or the Person appointed by the Company to solicit bids for the Trading Price of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.01(b)(i). The Company shall initially act as the Bid Solicitation Agent. 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or a committee of such board duly authorized to act for it
hereunder. 

Board Resolution means a copy of a resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the
Company to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors, and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Trustee. 

Business Combination Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.01. 

Business Day means, with respect to any Note, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed. 

Called Notes means Notes
called for Optional Redemption pursuant to Article 16 or subject to a Deemed Redemption. 

Capital Stock means, for any
entity, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) stock issued by that entity, but shall not include any debt securities convertible into or
exchangeable for any securities otherwise constituting Capital Stock pursuant to this definition. 

Cash Settlement
shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a). 

Clause A Distribution shall have the meaning specified in
Section 14.04(c). 

Clause B Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). 

2 

Clause C Distribution shall have the meaning specified in
Section 14.04(c). 

close of business means 5:00 p.m. (New York City time). 

Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Combination Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a). 

Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as from time to time constituted, created under the Exchange
Act, or, if at any time after the execution of this instrument such Commission is not existing and performing the duties now assigned to it under the Trust Indenture Act, then the body performing such duties at such time. 

Common Equity of any Person means Capital Stock of such Person that is generally entitled (a) to vote in the election
of directors of such Person or (b) if such Person is not a corporation, to vote or otherwise participate in the selection of the governing body, partners, managers or others that will control the management or policies of such Person. 

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, at the date of this Indenture, subject to
Section 14.07. 

Company shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of this Indenture, and subject to
the provisions of Article 11, shall include its successors and assigns. 

Company Order means a written order of the
Company signed by any of its Officers and delivered to the Trustee. 

Conversion Agent shall have the meaning specified
in Section 4.02. 

Conversion Consideration shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.12(a). 

Conversion Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(c). 

Conversion Obligation shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(a). 

Conversion Price means as of any time, $1,000, divided by the Conversion Rate as of such time. 

Conversion Rate shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(a). 

Corporate Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(iii). 

Corporate Trust Office means the designated office of the Trustee at which at any time this Indenture shall be
administered, which office at the date hereof is located at U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, West Side Flats, St. Paul, 111 Fillmore Ave E, Saint Paul, MN 55107, Attention: Dynavax Technologies Corporation Administrator, or such other
address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company, or the designated corporate trust office of any successor trustee (or such other address as such successor trustee may designate from time to time by
notice to the Holders and the Company). 

3 

Custodian means the Trustee, as custodian for The Depository Trust
Company, with respect to the Global Notes, or any successor entity thereto. 

Daily Conversion Value means, for each of
the 25 consecutive Trading Days during the Observation Period, one-twenty-fifth (1/25th) of the product of (a) the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day and (b) the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day.

Daily Measurement Value means the Specified Dollar Amount (if any), divided by 25. 

Daily Settlement Amount, for each of the 25 consecutive Trading Days during the Observation Period, shall consist of: 

(a) cash in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Daily Measurement Value and (ii) the Daily Conversion Value on
such Trading Day; and 

(b) if the Daily Conversion Value on such Trading Day exceeds the Daily Measurement Value, a number
of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the difference between the Daily Conversion Value and the Daily Measurement Value, divided by (ii) the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day. 

Daily VWAP means, for each of the 25 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant Observation Period, the per share
volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page DVAX AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from the scheduled
open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Trading Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of the Common Stock on such Trading Day determined, using
a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained for this purpose by the Company). The Daily VWAP shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other
trading outside of the regular trading session trading hours. 

De-legending Deadline
Date means, (a) with respect to the Notes issued pursuant to the Exchange and Subscription Agreements (and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof), the 380th day after the last date of original issuance of
such Notes and (b) with respect to any additional Notes issued pursuant to Section 2.10 (and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof), the 380th day after the
last date of original issuance of such additional Notes; provided that if such 380th day is after a Regular Record Date and on or before the next Interest Payment Date, then the De-legending Deadline Date will instead be the second Business Day immediately after such Interest Payment Date. 

Deemed Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(v). 

4 

Default means any event that is, or after notice or passage of time, or
both, would be, an Event of Default. 

Default Settlement Method means, initially, Combination Settlement with a
Specified Dollar Amount of $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided that the Company may, from time to time, prior to December 15, 2029, change the Default Settlement Method by sending notice of the new Default Settlement
Method to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee), all in accordance with, and subject to, the last paragraph of Section 14.02(a)(iii). 

Defaulted Amounts means any amounts on any Note (including, without limitation, the Redemption Price, the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price, principal and interest) that are payable but are not punctually paid or duly provided for. 

Depositary means, with respect to each Global Note, the Person specified in Section 2.05(c) as the Depositary with
respect to such Notes, until a successor shall have been appointed and become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter, Depositary shall mean or include such successor. 

Designated Financial Institution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.12(a). 

Distributed Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). 

Effective Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(c), except that, as used in Section 14.04 and
Section 14.05, Effective Date means the first date on which shares of the Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, reflecting the relevant share split or share combination, as
applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of shares of the Common Stock under a separate ticker symbol or CUSIP number will not be considered regular way
for this purpose. 

Event of Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.01. 

Exchange and Subscription Agreements means those certain Exchange/Subscription Agreements, dated March 5, 2025,
between the Company and the Investors party thereto. 

Ex-Dividend Date means
the first date on which shares of the Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive the issuance, dividend or distribution in question, from the Company or, if applicable, from
the seller of Common Stock on such exchange or market (in the form of due bills or otherwise) as determined by such exchange or market. For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of
shares of the Common Stock under a separate ticker symbol or CUSIP number will not be considered regular way for this purpose. 

5 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Exchange Election shall have the meaning specified in
Section 14.12(a). 

Exempted Fundamental Change shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(f). 

Form of Assignment and Transfer means the Form of Assignment and Transfer attached as Attachment 3 to the Form
of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice means the Form of Fundamental
Change Repurchase Notice attached as Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

Form of Note
means the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

Form of Notice of Conversion means the Form of
Notice of Conversion attached as Attachment 1 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A. 

Fundamental
Change shall be deemed to have occurred at the time after the Notes are originally issued if any of the following occurs: 

(a) except in connection with transactions described in clause (b) below, a person or group within
the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, other than the Company, its direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and the employee benefit plans of the Company and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries, has become and files a Schedule TO (or
any successor schedule, form or report) or any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act that discloses that such person or group has become, the direct or indirect beneficial owner, as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of Common Equity of the Company representing more than 50% of the voting power of the Common Equity of the Company, unless such beneficial ownership arises solely as a result of a
revocable proxy delivered in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act and is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G (or any successor schedule)
under the Exchange Act regardless of whether such a filing has actually been made; provided that no person or group shall be deemed to be the beneficial owner of any securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on
behalf of such person or group until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange under such offer; 

(b) the consummation of (A) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than a change to
par value, or from par value to no par value, or changes resulting from a subdivision or combination) as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets; (B) any
share exchange, consolidation or merger of the Company pursuant to 

6 

which the Common Stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets; or (C) any sale, lease or other transfer in one transaction or a series of transactions of all or
substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than one or more of the Companys direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; provided, however, that a
transaction described in clause (A) or clause (B) in which the holders of all classes of the Companys Common Equity immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of all classes of Common Equity of
the continuing or surviving corporation or transferee or the parent thereof immediately after such transaction in substantially the same proportions (relative to each other) as such ownership immediately prior to such transaction shall not be a
Fundamental Change pursuant to this clause (b); 

(c) the stockholders of the Company approve any plan or proposal for the
liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or 

(d) the Common Stock (or other common stock underlying the Notes) ceases to
be listed or quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any of their respective successors); 

provided, however, that a transaction or transactions described in clause (a) or (b) above shall not constitute a Fundamental Change, if at
least 90% of the consideration received or to be received by the common stockholders of the Company, excluding cash payments for fractional shares and cash payments made in respect of dissenters appraisal rights, in connection with such
transaction or transactions consists of shares of common stock that are listed or quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market (or any of their respective
successors) or will be so listed or quoted when issued or exchanged in connection with such transaction or transactions and as a result of such transaction or transactions the Notes become convertible into such consideration, excluding cash payments
for fractional shares and cash payments made in respect of dissenters appraisal rights (subject to the provisions of Section 14.02(a)). If any transaction in which the Common Stock is replaced by the common stock or other Common Equity of
another entity occurs, following completion of any related Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period (or, in the case of a transaction that would have been a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change but for the proviso immediately following
clause (d) of this definition, following the effective date of such transaction), references to the Company in this definition shall instead be references to such other entity. 

Fundamental Change Company Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(c). 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(a). 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(b)(i). 

7 

Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall have the meaning specified in
Section 15.02(a). 

The terms given, mailed, notify or
sent with respect to any notice to be given to a Holder pursuant to this Indenture, shall mean notice (x) given to the Depositary (or its designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from the Depositary or its designee,
including by electronic mail in accordance with accepted practices or applicable procedures at the Depositary (in the case of a Global Note) or (y) mailed to such Holder by first class mail, postage prepaid, at its address as it appears on the
Note Register (in the case of a Physical Note), in each case, in accordance with Section 17.03. Notice so given shall be deemed to include any notice to be mailed or delivered, as applicable, under this
Indenture. 

Global Note shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b). 

Holder, as applied to any Note, or other similar terms (but excluding the term beneficial holder), means any
Person in whose name at the time a particular Note is registered on the Note Register. 

Indenture means this instrument
as originally executed or, if amended or supplemented as herein provided, as so amended or supplemented. 

Interest Payment
Date means each March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025. 

last date of
original issuance means (a) with respect to any Notes issued pursuant to the Exchange and Subscription Agreements, and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, the date the Company first issues such Notes and
(b) with respect to any additional Notes issued pursuant to Section 2.10, and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, either (i) the later of (x) the date such Notes are originally issued and
(y) the last date any Notes are originally issued as part of the same offering pursuant to the exercise of an option granted to the initial purchaser(s) of such Notes to purchase additional Notes issued pursuant to Section 2.10; or
(ii) such other date as is specified in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee before the original issuance of such Notes. 

Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock (or any other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) on
any date means the closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average bid and the average ask prices) on that date as reported
in composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is traded. If the Common Stock (or such other security) is not listed for trading on a U.S. national or
regional securities exchange on the relevant date, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the last quoted bid price for the Common Stock (or such other security) in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so quoted, the Last Reported Sale
Price shall be the average of the mid-point of the last bid and ask prices for the Common Stock (or such other security) on the relevant date from each of at least three nationally recognized
independent investment banking firms selected by the Company for this purpose. The Last Reported Sale Price shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of regular trading session hours.

8 

Make-Whole Fundamental Change means any transaction or event that
constitutes a Fundamental Change (as defined above and determined after giving effect to any exceptions to or exclusions from such definition, but without regard to the proviso in clause (b) of the definition thereof). 

Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(a). 

Market Disruption Event means, for the purposes of determining amounts due upon conversion (a) a failure by the
primary U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) the occurrence or existence prior to 1:00 p.m., New York
City time, on any Scheduled Trading Day for the Common Stock for more than one half-hour period in the aggregate during regular trading hours of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits
permitted by the relevant stock exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Common Stock. 

Maturity Date means March 15, 2030. 

Measurement Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(i). 

Note or Notes shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of the recitals of this Indenture.

Note Register shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a). 

Note Registrar shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a). 

Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(b). 

Notice of Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(a). 

Observation Period with respect to any Note surrendered for conversion means: (i) subject to clause (ii), if the
relevant Conversion Date occurs prior to December 15, 2029, the 25 consecutive Trading Day period beginning on, and including, the second Trading Day immediately succeeding such Conversion Date; (ii) with respect to any Called Notes, if
the relevant Conversion Date with respect to such Notes occurs during the related Redemption Period, the 25 consecutive Trading Days beginning on, and including, the 26th Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding such Redemption Date; and
(iii) subject to clause (ii), if the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after December 15, 2029, the 25 consecutive Trading Days beginning on, and including, the 26th Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date. 

9 

Officer means, with respect to the Company, the Chief Executive Officer,
the President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Legal Officer, the Treasurer, the Secretary, Assistant Secretary, General Counsel, any Executive or Senior Vice President or any Vice President (whether or not
designated by a number or numbers or word or words added before or after the title Vice President). 

Officers
Certificate, when used with respect to the Company, means a certificate that is delivered to the Trustee and that is signed by any Officer of the Company. Each such certificate shall include the statements provided for in
Section 17.05 if and to the extent required by the provisions of such Section. The Officer giving an Officers Certificate pursuant to Section 4.08 shall be the principal executive, financial or accounting officer of the Company. 

open of business means 9:00 a.m. (New York City time). 

Opinion of Counsel means an opinion in writing signed by legal counsel, who may be an employee of or counsel to the
Company, or other counsel who is reasonably acceptable to the Trustee, which opinion may contain customary exceptions and qualifications as to the matters set forth therein, that is delivered to the Trustee. Each such opinion shall include the
statements provided for in Section 17.05 if and to the extent required by the provisions of such Section 17.05. 

Optional Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01. 

outstanding, when used with reference to Notes, shall, subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, mean, as of any
particular time, all Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee under this Indenture, except: 

(a) Notes theretofore
canceled by the Trustee or accepted by the Trustee for cancellation; 

(b) Notes, or portions thereof, that have become due
and payable and in respect of which monies in the necessary amount shall have been deposited in trust with the Trustee or with any Paying Agent (other than the Company) or shall have been set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the
Company shall act as its own Paying Agent); 

(c) Notes that have been paid pursuant to Section 2.06 or Notes in lieu
of which, or in substitution for which, other Notes shall have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 2.06 unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by protected purchasers in
due course; 

(d) Notes converted pursuant to Article 14 and required to be cancelled pursuant to Section 2.08; and

(e) Notes redeemed pursuant to Article 16. 

Partial Redemption Limitation shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(d). 

10 

Paying Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02. 

Person means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, a joint venture, a
joint stock company, a trust, an unincorporated organization or a government or an agency or a political subdivision thereof. 

Physical Notes means permanent certificated Notes in registered form issued in denominations of $1,000 principal amount and
integral multiples thereof. 

Physical Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a). 

Predecessor Note of any particular Note means every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that
evidenced by such particular Note; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.06 in lieu of or in exchange for a mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same
debt as the mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note that it replaces. 

Qualified Successor Entity means, with respect
to a Business Combination Event, a corporation; provided, however, that (i) if such Business Combination Event is an Exempted Fundamental Change, then a limited liability company, limited partnership or other similar entity shall also
constitute a Qualified Successor Entity with respect to such Business Combination Event; and (ii) a limited liability company or limited partnership that is the resulting, surviving or transferee person of such Business Combination Event shall
also constitute a Qualified Successor Entity with respect to such Business Combination Event, provided that, in the case of this clause (ii), (1) if such limited liability company or limited partnership is not treated as a corporation or an
entity disregarded as separate from a corporation, in each case for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (x) the Company has received an opinion of a nationally recognized tax counsel to the effect that such Business Combination Event shall not be
treated as an exchange under Section 1001 of the Code for Holders or beneficial owners of the Notes and (y) such limited liability company or limited partnership is a direct or indirect Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of a corporation duly
organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (2) such Business Combination Event constitutes a Share Exchange Event whose Reference Property consists solely of any
combination of U.S. dollars and shares of common stock or other corporate Common Equity interests of a corporation described in clause (1)(y); and (3) if such limited liability company or limited partnership is disregarded as separate from its
owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, its regarded owner for those purposes is an entity described in clause (1)(y). 

Record Date means, with respect to any dividend, distribution or other transaction or event in which the holders of Common
Stock (or other applicable security) have the right to receive any cash, securities or other property or in which the Common Stock (or such other security) is exchanged for or converted into any combination of cash, securities or other property, the
date fixed for determination of holders of the Common Stock (or such other security) entitled to receive such cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed by the Board of Directors, by statute, by contract or otherwise). 

11 

Redemption Date shall have the meaning specified in
Section 16.02(a). 

Redemption Period means, with respect to any Optional Redemption, the period from, and
including, the relevant date on which the Company delivers a Notice of Redemption for such Optional Redemption until the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the related Redemption Date (or, if the Company defaults in
the payment of the Redemption Price, until the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding such later date on which the Redemption Price has been paid or duly provided for). 

Redemption Price means, for any Notes to be redeemed pursuant to Section 16.01, 100% of the principal amount of such
Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date (unless the Redemption Date falls after a Regular Record Date but on or prior to the immediately succeeding Interest Payment Date, in which case interest
accrued to the Interest Payment Date will be paid by the Company to Holders of record of such Notes as of the close of business on such Regular Record Date on, or at the Companys election, before such Interest Payment Date, and the Redemption
Price will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes). 

Reference Property shall have the meaning
specified in Section 14.07(a). 

Regular Record Date, with respect to any Interest Payment Date, means the
March 1 or September 1 (whether or not such day is a Business Day) immediately preceding the applicable March 15 or September 15 Interest Payment Date, respectively. 

Reporting Event of Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.03. 

Resale Restriction Termination Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). 

Responsible Officer means, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the
Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the persons who at the time
shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter relating to this Indenture is referred because of such persons knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who, in each case, shall have direct
responsibility for the administration of this Indenture. 

Restricted Securities shall have the meaning specified in
Section 2.05(c). 

Restrictive Notes Legend shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Rule 144A means Rule 144A as promulgated under the Securities Act. 

12 

Scheduled Trading Day means a day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day
on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading. If the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, Scheduled Trading Day means a
Business Day. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

Settlement Amount has the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a)(iv). 

Settlement Method means, with respect to any conversion of Notes, Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Combination
Settlement, as elected (or deemed to have been elected) by the Company. 

Settlement Method Election Deadline has the
meaning specified in Section 14.02(a)(iii). 

Settlement Notice has the meaning specified in
Section 14.02(a)(iii). 

Share Exchange Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a). 

Significant Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Company that is a significant subsidiary as defined in Article
1, Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission (or any successor rule); provided that, if and to the extent paragraph (w)(1)(iii)(A)(2) does not
apply to the determination of whether the income test in paragraph (w)(1)(iii) is met, in the case of a Subsidiary that meets the criteria of clause (1)(iii) of the definition thereof but not clause (1)(i) or (1)(ii) thereof, in each case as such
rule is in effect on the date of this Indenture, such Subsidiary shall be deemed not to be a Significant Subsidiary unless the Subsidiarys income from continuing operations before income taxes, exclusive of amounts attributable to any non-controlling interests and after intercompany eliminations, for the last completed fiscal year prior to the date of such determination exceeds $20,000,000. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent any such
Subsidiary would not be deemed to be a significant subsidiary under the relevant definition set forth in Article 1, Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X (or any
successor rule) as in effect on the relevant date of determination, such Subsidiary shall not be deemed to be a Significant Subsidiary under this Indenture irrespective of whether such Subsidiary would otherwise be deemed to be a Significant
Subsidiary pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. 

Specified Dollar Amount means the maximum cash amount
per $1,000 principal amount of Notes to be received upon conversion as specified in the Settlement Notice (or deemed specified as provided in Section 14.02(a)(iii)) related to any converted Notes. 

Spin-Off shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). 

Stock Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(c). 

13 

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation,
association, partnership or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote
in the election of directors, managers, general partners or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (i) such Person; (ii) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person; or (iii) one or
more Subsidiaries of such Person. 

Successor Company shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.01(a). 

Trading Day means, except for determining amounts due upon conversion, a day on which (i) trading in the Common Stock
(or other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) generally occurs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the principal other
U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then listed or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal
other market on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then traded and (ii) a Last Reported Sale Price for the Common Stock (or closing sale price for such other security) is available on such securities exchange or market;
provided that if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so listed or traded, Trading Day means a Business Day; and providedfurther that, for purposes of determining amounts due upon conversion only,
Trading Day means a day on which (x) there is no Market Disruption Event and (y) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on the Nasdaq
Global Select Market, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other
market on which the Common Stock is then listed or admitted for trading, except that if the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, Trading Day means a Business Day. 

Trading Price of the Notes on any date of determination means the average of the secondary market bid quotations obtained
by the Bid Solicitation Agent for $3,000,000 principal amount of Notes at approximately 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on such determination date from three independent nationally recognized securities dealers the Company selects for this purpose;
provided that if three such bids cannot reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent but two such bids are obtained, then the average of the two bids shall be used, and if only one such bid can reasonably be obtained by the Bid
Solicitation Agent, that one bid shall be used. If, on any determination date, the Bid Solicitation Agent cannot reasonably obtain at least one bid for $3,000,000 principal amount of Notes from a nationally recognized securities dealer, then the
Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes on such determination date shall be deemed to be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. 

transfer shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c). 

Trigger Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). 

14 

Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, as
it was in force at the date of execution of this Indenture; provided, however, that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after the date hereof, the term Trust Indenture Act shall mean, to the extent
required by such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as so amended. 

Trustee means the Person named as the
Trustee in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Trustee shall mean or include each Person
who is then a Trustee hereunder. 

unit of Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a).

Valuation Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c). 

Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person, except that, solely for purposes
of this definition, the reference to more than 50% in the definition of Subsidiary shall be deemed replaced by a reference to 100%, the calculation of which shall exclude nominal amounts of the voting power of
shares of Capital Stock or other interests in the relevant Subsidiary not held by such person to the extent required to satisfy local minority interest requirements outside of the United States. 

Section 1.02. References to Interest. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to interest on, or in respect
of, any Note in this Indenture shall be deemed to include Additional Interest if, in such context, Additional Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and Section 6.03. Unless the
context otherwise requires, any express mention of Additional Interest in any provision hereof shall not be construed as excluding Additional Interest in those provisions hereof where such express mention is not made. 

ARTICLE 2 

ISSUE,
DESCRIPTION, EXECUTION, REGISTRATIONAND EXCHANGEOF NOTES

Section 2.01. Designation and Amount. The Notes shall be designated as the 2.00% Convertible Senior Notes due
2030. The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is initially limited to $225,000,000, subject to Section 2.10 and except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration or
transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of other Notes to the extent expressly permitted hereunder. 

Section 2.02. Form of
Notes. The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication to be borne by such Notes shall be substantially in the respective forms set forth in Exhibit A, the terms and provisions of which shall constitute, and are hereby expressly
incorporated in and made a part of this Indenture. To the extent applicable, the Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. In the case of any
conflict between this Indenture and a Note, the provisions of this Indenture shall control and govern to the extent of such conflict. 

15 

Any Global Note may be endorsed with or have incorporated in the text thereof such legends
or recitals or changes not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture as may be required by the Custodian or the Depositary, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or any regulation thereunder or with the rules and
regulations of any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Notes may be listed or traded or designated for issuance or to conform with any usage with respect thereto, or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to
which any particular Notes are subject. 

Any of the Notes may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such
notations, legends or endorsements as the Officer executing the same may approve (execution thereof to be conclusive evidence of such approval) and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture, or as may be required to comply with
any law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, or to conform to usage or to indicate
any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular Notes are subject. 

Each Global Note shall represent such principal amount
of the outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes
represented thereby may from time to time be increased or reduced to reflect redemptions, repurchases, cancellations, conversions, transfers or exchanges permitted hereby. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or
decrease in the amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in such manner and upon instructions given by the Holder of such Notes in accordance with this Indenture.
Payment of principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and any accrued and unpaid interest on, a Global Note shall be made to the Holder of such Note on the date of payment, unless a
record date or other means of determining Holders eligible to receive payment is provided for herein. 

Section 2.03. Date and
Denomination of Notes; Payments of Interest and Defaulted Amounts. (a) The Notes shall be issuable in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof. Each Note shall be
dated the date of its authentication and shall bear interest from the date specified on the face of such Note. Accrued interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months and, for partial months, on the basis of the number of days actually elapsed in a 30-day month. 

(b) The Person in whose name any Note (or its Predecessor Note) is registered on the Note Register at the close of business on any Regular
Record Date with respect to any Interest Payment Date shall be entitled to receive the interest payable on such Interest Payment Date. The principal amount of any Note (x) in the case of any Physical Note, shall be payable at the

16 

office or agency of the Company maintained by the Company for such purposes within the contiguous United States of America, which shall initially be the Corporate Trust Office and (y) in the
case of any Global Note, shall be payable by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. The Company shall pay, or cause the Paying Agent to pay, interest (i) on any Physical Notes (A) to
Holders holding Physical Notes having an aggregate principal amount of $5,000,000 or less, by check mailed to the Holders of these Notes at their address as it appears in the Note Register and (B) to Holders holding Physical Notes having an
aggregate principal amount of more than $5,000,000, either by check mailed to each such Holder or, upon written application by such a Holder to the Note Registrar not later than the relevant Regular Record Date, by wire transfer in immediately
available funds to that Holders account within the United States if such Holder has provided the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee) with the requisite information necessary to make such wire transfer, which
application shall remain in effect until the Holder notifies, in writing, the Note Registrar to the contrary or (ii) on any Global Note by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. 

(c) Any Defaulted Amounts shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the relevant payment date but shall accrue interest per annum
at the rate borne by the Notes, subject to the enforceability thereof under applicable law, from, and including, such relevant payment date, and such Defaulted Amounts together with such interest thereon shall be paid by the Company, at its election
in each case, as provided in clause (i) or (ii) below: 

(i) The Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted
Amounts to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business on a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Amounts, which shall be fixed in the following manner. The
Company shall notify the Trustee, in writing, of the amount of the Defaulted Amounts proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed payment (which shall be not less than 25 days after the receipt by the Trustee of such notice, unless
the Trustee shall consent to an earlier date), and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Amounts or shall make arrangements satisfactory
to the Trustee for such deposit on or prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such Defaulted Amounts as in this clause provided. Thereupon the Company shall
fix a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Amounts which shall be not more than 15 days and not less than 10 days prior to the date of the proposed payment, and not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of
the proposed payment (unless the Trustee shall consent to an earlier date). The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee, in writing, of such special record date and the Trustee, in the name and at the expense of the Company, shall cause notice of
the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor to be delivered to each Holder not less than 10 days prior to such special record date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special
record date therefor having been so delivered, such Defaulted Amounts shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business on such special record date and shall no
longer be payable pursuant to the following clause (ii) of this Section 2.03(c). 

17 

(ii) The Company may make payment of any Defaulted Amounts in any other
lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange or automated
quotation system, if, after written notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this clause, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by the Trustee. 

(iii) The Trustee shall not at any time be under any duty or responsibility to any Holder of Notes to determine the Defaulted
Amounts, or with respect to the nature, extent, or calculation of the amount of Defaulted Amounts owed, or with respect to the method employed in such calculation of the Defaulted Amounts. 

Section 2.04. Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes. The Notes shall be signed in the name and on behalf of the
Company by the manual, facsimile or electronic signature of its Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary or any of its Executive or Senior Vice Presidents. 

At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Notes executed by the Company to
the Trustee for authentication, together with a Company Order (such Company Order to include the terms of the Notes) for the authentication and delivery of such Notes, and the Trustee in accordance with such Company Order shall authenticate and
deliver such Notes, without any further action by the Company hereunder; provided that, subject to Section 17.05, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel of the Company with respect to
the issuance, authentication and delivery of such Notes. 

The Trustee shall not be required, and shall have the right to decline, to
authenticate and deliver such Notes if the issue of such Notes pursuant to this Indenture (a) will affect the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under the Notes and this Indenture; (b) if the Trustee, being advised by counsel,
determines that such action may not lawfully be taken; (c) if the Trustee, in good faith, determines that such action would expose the Trustee to personal liability to existing Holders, or (d) is in such a manner that is not reasonably
acceptable to the Trustee. 

Only such Notes as shall bear thereon a certificate of authentication substantially in the form set forth on
the Form of Note attached as Exhibit A hereto, executed manually by an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee as provided by Section 17.10), shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture
or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. Such certificate by the Trustee (or such an authenticating agent) upon any Note executed by the Company shall be conclusive evidence that the Note so authenticated has been duly authenticated and delivered
hereunder and that the Holder is entitled to the benefits of this Indenture. 

18 

In case any Officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Notes shall cease to be
such Officer before the Notes so signed shall have been authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, or disposed of by the Company, such Notes nevertheless may be authenticated and delivered or disposed of as though the person who signed such Notes
had not ceased to be such Officer of the Company; and any Note may be signed on behalf of the Company by such persons as, at the actual date of the execution of such Note, shall be the Officers of the Company, although at the date of the execution
of this Indenture any such person was not such an Officer. 

Section 2.05. Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes;
Restrictions on Transfer; Depositary.

(a) The Company shall cause to be kept at the Corporate Trust Office a register (the register
maintained in such office or in any other office or agency of the Company designated pursuant to Section 4.02, the Note Register) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide
for the registration of Notes and of transfers of Notes. Such register shall be in written form or in any form capable of being converted into written form within a reasonable period of time. The Trustee is hereby initially appointed the
Note Registrar for the purpose of registering Notes and transfers of Notes as herein provided. The Company may appoint one or more co-Note Registrars in accordance with Section 4.02.

Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note to the Note Registrar or any co-Note
Registrar, and satisfaction of the requirements for such transfer set forth in this Section 2.05, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more
new Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount and bearing such restrictive legends as may be required by this Indenture. 

Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes
to be exchanged at any such office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 4.02. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the Notes that the
Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive, bearing registration numbers not contemporaneously outstanding. 

All Notes presented or
surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange, repurchase or conversion shall (if so required by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar) be duly endorsed, or be
accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and duly executed, by the Holder thereof or its attorney-in-fact duly
authorized in writing. 

No service charge shall be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar, any co-Note Registrar or the Paying Agent for any exchange or registration of transfer of Notes, but the Company may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer
tax required in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of new Notes issued upon such exchange or registration of transfer being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for exchange or registration of
transfer. 

19 

None of the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any
co-Note Registrar shall be required to exchange for other Notes or register a transfer of (i) any Notes surrendered for conversion or, if a portion of any Note is surrendered for conversion, such portion
thereof surrendered for conversion, (ii) any Notes, or a portion of any Note, surrendered for required repurchase upon a Fundamental Change (and not withdrawn) in accordance with Article 15 or (iii) any Notes selected for Optional
Redemption in accordance with Article 16, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part. 

All Notes issued upon any
registration of transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with this Indenture shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as the Notes surrendered upon such
registration of transfer or exchange. 

(b) So long as the Notes are eligible for book-entry settlement with the Depositary, unless
otherwise required by law, subject to the fourth paragraph from the end of Section 2.05(c) all Notes shall be represented by one or more Notes in global form (each, a Global Note) registered in the name of the Depositary or
the nominee of the Depositary. Each Global Note shall bear the legend required on a Global Note set forth in Exhibit A hereto. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in a Global Note that does not involve the issuance of a Physical Note
shall be effected through the Depositary (but not the Trustee or the Custodian) in accordance with this Indenture (including the restrictions on transfer set forth herein) and the applicable procedures of the Depositary therefor. 

(c) Every Note that bears or is required under this Section 2.05(c) to bear the Restrictive Notes Legend (together with any Common Stock
issued upon conversion of the Notes that is required to bear the legend set forth in Section 2.05(d), collectively, the Restricted Securities) shall be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this
Section 2.05(c) (including the Restrictive Notes Legend set forth below), unless such restrictions on transfer shall be eliminated or otherwise waived by written consent of the Company, and the Holder of each such Restricted Security, by such
Holders acceptance thereof, agrees to be bound by all such restrictions on transfer. As used in this Section 2.05(c) and Section 2.05(d), the term transfer encompasses any sale, pledge, transfer or other
disposition whatsoever of any Restricted Security. 

Until the date (the Resale Restriction Termination Date) that is
the later of (1) the date that is one year after the last date of original issuance of the Notes, or such shorter period of time as permitted by Rule 144 or any successor provision thereto, and (2) such later date, if any, as may be
required by applicable law, any certificate evidencing such Note (and all securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof, other than Common Stock, if any, issued upon conversion thereof, which shall bear the legend set forth in
Section 2.05(d), if applicable) shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (the Restrictive Notes Legend) (unless such Notes have been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been
declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or
unless otherwise agreed by the Company in writing, with notice thereof to the Trustee): 

20 

THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE
NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR
OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER: 

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A
QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND 

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL,
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT: 

(A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR 

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(C) TO A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D)
ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE
SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 

21 

No transfer of any Note prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date will be registered
by the Note Registrar unless the applicable box on the Form of Assignment and Transfer has been checked. 

Any Note (or security issued in
exchange or substitution therefor) (i) as to which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance with their terms, (ii) that has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become effective or been
declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer or (iii) that has been sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force
under the Securities Act, may, upon surrender of such Note for exchange to the Note Registrar in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.05, be exchanged for a new Note or Notes, of like tenor and aggregate principal amount, which
shall not bear the Restrictive Notes Legend required by this Section 2.05(c) and shall not be assigned a restricted CUSIP number. The Company shall be entitled to instruct the Custodian in writing to so surrender any Global Note as to which any
of the conditions set forth in clause (i) through (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence have been satisfied, and, upon such instruction, the Custodian shall so surrender such Global Note for exchange; and any new Global Note so exchanged
therefor shall not bear the Restrictive Notes Legend specified in this Section 2.05(c) and shall not be assigned a restricted CUSIP number. In addition, the Company may effect the removal of the Restrictive Notes Legend upon the Companys
delivery to the Trustee of written notice to such effect, whereupon the Restrictive Notes Legend set forth above and affixed on any Note shall be deemed, in accordance with the terms of the certificate representing such Note, to be removed therefrom
without further action by the Company, the Trustee, the Holder(s) thereof or any other Person; at such time, such Note shall be deemed to be assigned an unrestricted CUSIP number as provided in the certificate representing such Note, it being
understood, including for purposes of Section 4.06(e), that the Depositary of any Global Note may require a mandatory exchange or other process to cause such Global Note to be identified by an unrestricted CUSIP number in the facilities of such
Depositary. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee, in writing, upon the occurrence of the Resale Restriction Termination Date and promptly after a registration statement, if any, with respect to the Notes or any Common Stock issued upon
conversion of the Notes has been declared effective under the Securities Act. 

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture
(other than the provisions set forth in this Section 2.05(c)), a Global Note may not be transferred as a whole or in part except (i) by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or
another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary and (ii) for exchange of a Global Note or a portion thereof for one or more Physical Notes in
accordance with the second immediately succeeding paragraph. 

The Depositary shall be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act.
The Company initially appoints The Depository Trust Company to act as Depositary with respect to each Global Note. Initially, each Global Note shall be issued to the Depositary, registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of the
Depositary, and deposited with the Trustee as custodian for Cede & Co. 

22 

If (i) the Depositary notifies the Company at any time that the Depositary is unwilling
or unable to continue as depositary for the Global Notes and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days, (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act and a successor depositary is not
appointed within 90 days or (iii) an Event of Default with respect to the Notes has occurred and is continuing and, subject to the Depositarys applicable procedures, a beneficial owner of any Note requests that its beneficial interest
therein be issued as a Physical Note, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Officers Certificate and a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of Notes, shall authenticate and deliver (x) in the case of
clause (iii), a Physical Note to such beneficial owner in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Note corresponding to such beneficial owners beneficial interest and (y) in the case of clause (i) or (ii), Physical
Notes to each beneficial owner of the related Global Notes (or a portion thereof) in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of such Global Notes in exchange for such Global Notes, and upon delivery of the Global Notes
to the Trustee such Global Notes shall be canceled. 

Physical Notes issued in exchange for all or a part of the Global Note pursuant to
this Section 2.05(c) shall be registered in such names and in such authorized denominations as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect participants or otherwise, or, in the case of clause (iii) of the
immediately preceding paragraph, the relevant beneficial owner, shall instruct the Trustee in writing. Upon execution and authentication, the Trustee shall deliver such Physical Notes to the Persons in whose names such Physical Notes are so
registered. 

At such time as all interests in a Global Note have been converted, canceled, repurchased upon a Fundamental Change, redeemed
or transferred, such Global Note shall be, upon receipt thereof, canceled by the Trustee in accordance with standing procedures and existing instructions between the Depositary and the Custodian. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any
interest in a Global Note is exchanged for Physical Notes, converted, canceled, repurchased upon a Fundamental Change, redeemed or transferred to a transferee who receives Physical Notes therefor or any Physical Note is exchanged or transferred for
part of such Global Note, the principal amount of such Global Note shall, in accordance with the standing procedures and instructions existing between the Depositary and the Custodian, be appropriately reduced or increased, as the case may be, and
an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note, by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, to reflect such reduction or increase. 

None of the Company, the Trustee (including in its capacity as Paying Agent) or any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any
responsibility or liability for any act or omission of the Depositary or for the payment of amounts to owners of beneficial interest in a Global Note, for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of those interests by the
Depositary, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records of the Depositary relating to those interests. 

23 

(d) Until the Resale Restriction Termination Date, any stock certificate representing Common
Stock issued upon conversion of a Note shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (unless such Common Stock has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act
and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or such Common Stock has been issued upon
conversion of a Note that has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or pursuant to the exemption
from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or unless otherwise agreed by the Company with written notice thereof to the Trustee and any transfer agent for the Common Stock): 

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE
OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER: 

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE
MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND 

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL,
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE SERIES OF NOTES UPON THE CONVERSION OF WHICH THIS SECURITY WAS ISSUED OR
SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT: 

(A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR 

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(C) TO A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION
FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 

24 

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D) ABOVE, THE
COMPANY AND THE TRANSFER AGENT FOR THE COMPANYS COMMON STOCK RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS
BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 

Any such Common Stock (i) as to which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance with their terms, (ii) that has
been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer or (iii) that has been sold pursuant to the exemption from
registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, may, upon surrender of the certificates representing such shares of Common Stock for exchange in accordance with the procedures of the transfer agent
for the Common Stock, be exchanged for a new certificate or certificates for a like aggregate number of shares of Common Stock, which shall not bear the restrictive legend required by this Section 2.05(d). 

The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under
this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any transfers between or among Depositary participants or beneficial owners of interests in any Global Note) other than to require delivery of
such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express
requirements hereof. 

(e) Any Note or restricted Common Stock issued upon the conversion or exchange of a Note that is repurchased or
owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the Company (or any Person who was an Affiliate of the Company at any time during the three months immediately preceding) may not be resold by the Company or such Affiliate (or such Person, as the case may
be) unless registered under the Securities Act or resold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in a transaction that results in such Note or Common Stock, as the case may be, no longer being a
restricted security (as defined under Rule 144). 

Section 2.06. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes. In
case any Note shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company in its discretion may execute, and upon its written request the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, a new Note,
bearing a registration number not contemporaneously outstanding, in exchange and substitution for the mutilated Note, or in lieu of and in substitution for the Note so destroyed, lost or stolen. In every case the applicant for a substituted Note
shall furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless from any loss, liability, claim, cost or expense caused by or connected
with such substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, the applicant shall also furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or
theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof. 

25 

The Trustee or such authenticating agent may authenticate any such substituted Note and
deliver the same upon the receipt of such security or indemnity as the Trustee, the Company and, if applicable, such authenticating agent may require. No service charge shall be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar, any co-Note Registrar or the Paying Agent upon the issuance of any substitute Note, but the Company may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax required
in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new substitute Note being different from the name of the Holder of the old Note that became mutilated or was destroyed, lost or stolen. In case any Note that has matured or is
about to mature or has been surrendered for required repurchase upon a Fundamental Change or is about to be converted in accordance with Article 14 shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company may, in its sole discretion,
instead of issuing a substitute Note, pay or authorize the payment of or convert or authorize the conversion of the same (without surrender thereof except in the case of a mutilated Note), as the case may be, if the applicant for such payment or
conversion shall furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless for any loss, liability, claim, cost or expense caused by or
connected with such substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, evidence satisfactory to the Company, the Trustee and, if applicable, any Paying Agent or Conversion Agent evidence of their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or
theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof. 

Every substitute Note issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2.06 by
virtue of the fact that any Note is destroyed, lost or stolen shall constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be found at any time, and shall be entitled to all the
benefits of (but shall be subject to all the limitations set forth in) this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder. To the extent permitted by law, all Notes shall be held and owned upon the express
condition that the foregoing provisions are exclusive with respect to the replacement, payment, redemption, conversion or repurchase of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and shall preclude any and all other rights or remedies
notwithstanding any law or statute existing or hereafter enacted to the contrary with respect to the replacement, payment, redemption, conversion or repurchase of negotiable instruments or other securities without their surrender. 

Section 2.07. Temporary Notes. Pending the preparation of Physical Notes, the Company may execute and the Trustee or an
authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall, upon written request of the Company, authenticate and deliver temporary Notes (printed or lithographed). Temporary Notes shall be issuable in any authorized denomination, and substantially in the
form of the Physical Notes but with such omissions, insertions and variations as may be appropriate for temporary Notes, all as may be determined by the Company. Every such temporary Note shall be executed by the Company and authenticated by the
Trustee or such authenticating agent upon the same conditions and in substantially the same manner, and with the same effect, as the Physical Notes. Without unreasonable delay, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Trustee or such
authenticating agent Physical Notes (other than any Global 

26 

Note) and thereupon any or all temporary Notes (other than any Global Note) may be surrendered in exchange therefor, at each office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to
Section 4.02 and the Trustee or such authenticating agent shall authenticate and deliver in exchange for such temporary Notes an equal aggregate principal amount of Physical Notes. Such exchange shall be made by the Company at its own expense
and without any charge therefor. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits and subject to the same limitations under this Indenture as Physical Notes authenticated and delivered hereunder. 

Section 2.08. Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc. The Company shall cause all Notes surrendered for the purpose of payment
at maturity, repurchase upon a Fundamental Change pursuant to Section 15.02, Optional Redemption, registration of transfer or exchange or conversion (other than any Notes exchanged pursuant to Section 14.12), if surrendered to the Company
or any of its agents or Subsidiaries, to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation. All Notes delivered to the Trustee shall be canceled promptly by it in accordance with its customary procedures. Except for any Notes surrendered for
registration of transfer or exchange, or as otherwise expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Indenture, no Notes shall be authenticated in exchange for any Notes surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation. The Trustee shall dispose of
canceled Notes in accordance with its customary procedures and, after such disposition, shall deliver evidence of such disposition to the Company, at the Companys written request in a Company Order. 

Section 2.09. CUSIP Numbers. The Company in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use), and,
if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in all notices issued to Holders as a convenience to such Holders; provided that the Trustee shall have no liability for any defect in the CUSIP numbers as they appear on any
Note, notice or elsewhere, and, provided, further, that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or on such notice and that reliance may be placed only on
the other identification numbers printed on the Notes. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee, in writing, of any change in the CUSIP numbers. 

Section 2.10. Additional Notes; Repurchases. The Company may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Holders and
notwithstanding Section 2.01, reopen this Indenture and issue additional Notes hereunder with the same terms as the Notes initially issued hereunder (other than differences in the issue date, the issue price, interest accrued prior to the issue
date of such additional Notes and, if applicable, restrictions on transfer in respect of such additional Notes) in an unlimited aggregate principal amount; provided that if any such additional Notes are not fungible with the Notes initially
issued hereunder for U.S. federal income tax or securities law purposes, such additional Notes shall have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. Prior to the issuance of any such additional Notes, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee a Company
Order, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, such Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to cover such matters, in addition to those required by Section 17.05, as the Trustee shall reasonably request. In addition,
the Company may, to the extent permitted by law, and directly or indirectly (regardless of whether such Notes are surrendered to the Company), repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise, whether by the Company or its Subsidiaries or through a
privately negotiated transaction or public tender or exchange offer or through 

27 

counterparties to private agreements, including by cash-settled swaps or other derivatives, in each case, without the consent of or notice to the Holders of the Notes. The Company may, at its
option and to the extent permitted by applicable law, reissue, resell or surrender to the Trustee for cancellation any Notes that it may repurchase, in the case of a reissuance or resale, so long as such Notes do not constitute restricted
securities (as defined under Rule 144) upon such reissuance or resale; provided that if any such reissued or resold Notes are not fungible with the Notes initially issued hereunder for U.S. federal income tax or securities law purposes,
such reissued or resold Notes shall have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. Any Notes that the Company may repurchase shall be considered outstanding for all purposes under this Indenture (other than, at any time when such Notes are owned by the
Company, by any Subsidiary thereof or by any Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as set forth in Section 8.04) unless and until such time as the Company surrenders them to the Trustee for cancellation and, upon receipt of a
Company Order, the Trustee shall cancel all Notes so surrendered. 

ARTICLE 3 

SATISFACTIONAND DISCHARGE

Section 3.01. Satisfaction and Discharge. (a) This Indenture and the Notes shall cease to be of further effect when
(i) all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (x) Notes which have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced, paid or converted as provided in Section 2.06 and (y) Notes for whose payment
money has heretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided in Section 4.04(d)) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;
or (ii) the Company has deposited with the Trustee or delivered to Holders, as applicable, after the Notes have become due and payable, whether on the Maturity Date, any Redemption Date, any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, upon conversion
or otherwise, cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination thereof, as applicable, solely to satisfy the Companys Conversion Obligation, sufficient to pay all of the outstanding Notes and all other sums due and payable under this Indenture or
the Notes by the Company; and (b) the Trustee upon request of the Company contained in an Officers Certificate and at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture
and the Notes, when the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the
Notes have been complied with. Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, or the earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee, the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 7.06 shall survive. 

ARTICLE 4 

PARTICULAR COVENANTSOFTHE COMPANY

Section 4.01. Payment of Principal and Interest. The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be paid the principal
(including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, each of the Notes at the places, at the respective times and in the manner provided herein and in the Notes. 

28 

Any applicable withholding taxes (including backup withholding) may be set off against
interest and payments upon conversion, redemption, repurchase or maturity of the Notes, or if any withholding taxes (including backup withholding) are paid on behalf of a Holder or beneficial owner, those withholding taxes may be set off against
payments of cash or Common Stock, if any, payable on the Notes (or, in some circumstances, any payments on the Common Stock) or sales proceeds received by, or other funds or assets of, the Holder or beneficial owner. 

Section 4.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Company will maintain within the contiguous United States of America, an office
or agency where the Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment or repurchase (Paying Agent) or for conversion (Conversion Agent) and where notices and
demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Company
shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office or the designated office
or agency of the Trustee within the contiguous United States of America. 

The Company may also from time to time designate as co-Note Registrars one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided that no such
designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency within the contiguous United States of America, for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any
such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency. The terms Paying Agent and Conversion Agent include any such additional or other offices or agencies, as
applicable. 

The Company hereby initially designates the Trustee as the Paying Agent, Note Registrar, Custodian and Conversion Agent and
the Corporate Trust Office as the office or agency within the contiguous United States of America, where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment or repurchase or for conversion and where
notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served; provided that the Corporate Trust Office shall not be a place for service of legal process for the Company. 

Section 4.03. Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office. The Company, whenever necessary to avoid or
fill a vacancy in the office of Trustee, will appoint, in the manner provided in Section 7.09, a Trustee, so that there shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder. 

Section 4.04. Provisions as to Paying Agent. (a) If the Company shall appoint a Paying Agent other than the Trustee, the
Company will cause such Paying Agent to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section 4.04: 

(i) that it will hold all sums held by it as such agent for the payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and
the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Holders; 

29 

(ii) that it will give the Trustee prompt notice of any failure by the
Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes when the same shall be due and payable; and 

(iii) that at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, upon request of the Trustee, it will forthwith pay to the
Trustee all sums so held in trust. 

The Company shall, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes, deposit with the Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay such principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price,
if applicable) or accrued and unpaid interest, and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any failure to take such action; provided that if such deposit is made on the due date,
such deposit must be received by the Paying Agent by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date. 

(b) If the Company shall act as its
own Paying Agent, it will, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, the Notes, set aside, segregate and hold in
trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes a sum sufficient to pay such principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) and accrued and unpaid interest so becoming due and will promptly
notify the Trustee, in writing, of any failure to take such action and of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and
unpaid interest on, the Notes when the same shall become due and payable. 

(c) Anything in this Section 4.04 to the contrary
notwithstanding, the Company may, at any time, for the purpose of obtaining a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, or for any other reason, pay, cause to be paid or deliver to the Trustee all sums or amounts held in trust by the Company or
any Paying Agent hereunder as required by this Section 4.04, such sums or amounts to be held by the Trustee upon the trusts herein contained and upon such payment or delivery by the Company or any Paying Agent to the Trustee, the Company or
such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability but only with respect to such sums or amounts. 

(d) Subject to applicable
escheatment laws, any money and shares of Common Stock deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Price, if applicable) of, accrued and unpaid interest on and the consideration due upon conversion of any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal 

30 

(including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable), interest or consideration due upon conversion has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company
on request of the Company contained in an Officers Certificate, or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for
payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money and shares of Common Stock, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease. 

(e) Upon any Event of Default pursuant to Section 6.01(i) or (j), the Trustee shall automatically be Paying Agent for the Notes. 

Section 4.05. Existence. Subject to Article 11, the Company shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep
in full force and effect its corporate existence. 

Section 4.06. Rule 144A Information Requirement and Annual Reports.
(a) At any time the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company shall, so long as any of the Notes or any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof shall, at such time, constitute
restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, promptly provide to the Trustee and, upon written request, any Holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser of such Notes or any shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of such Notes, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act to facilitate the resale of such Notes or shares of Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144A. 

(b) The Company shall file with the Trustee, within 15 days after the same are required to be filed with the Commission, copies of any annual
or quarterly reports (on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q or any respective successor form) that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act (excluding any such information, documents or reports, or portions thereof, subject to confidential treatment and any correspondence with the Commission, and after giving effect to any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act (or any successor thereto), which grace period, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be deemed applicable whether or not the Company checks the box in the relevant Rule 12b-25 filing indicating that the Company expects to file such report within the applicable Rule 12b-25 grace period). Any such document or report that the Company files with
the Commission via the Commissions EDGAR system (or any successor system) shall be deemed to be filed with the Trustee for purposes of this Section 4.06(b) at the time such documents or reports are filed via the EDGAR system (or such
successor), it being understood that the Trustee shall not be responsible for determining whether such filings have been made. 

(c)
Delivery of the reports, information and documents described in subsection (b) above to the Trustee is for informational purposes only, and the information and the Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any
information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to conclusively rely on an Officers
Certificate). 

31 

(d) If, at any time during the six-month period
beginning on, and including, the date that is six months after the last date of original issuance of the Notes, the Company fails to timely file any document or report that it is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder (including any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 (or any successor rule), which grace period for the
avoidance of doubt, shall be deemed applicable whether or not the Company checks the box in the relevant Rule 12b-25 filing indicating the Company expects to file such report within the applicable Rule 12b-25 grace period) and other than current reports on Form 8-K), or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys
Affiliates or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding (as a result of restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes), the Company shall pay
Additional Interest on the Notes. Such Additional Interest shall accrue on the Notes at the rate of 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day during such period for which the Companys failure to file has
occurred and is continuing or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates (or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately
preceding) without restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes. As used in this Section 4.06(d), documents or reports that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act does not include documents or reports that the Company furnishes to the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. For purposes of this Section 4.06(d), the phrase
restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes shall not include, for the avoidance of doubt, the assignment of a restricted CUSIP number or the existence of the Restrictive Notes Legend on
Notes in compliance with Section 2.05(c), in either case, during the six-month period described in this Section 4.06(d). 

(e) If, and for so long as, the Restrictive Notes Legend on the Notes specified in Section 2.05(c) has not been removed, the Notes are
assigned a restricted CUSIP number or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months
immediately preceding (without restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes) as of the De-legending Deadline Date, the Company shall pay Additional Interest on the
Notes at a rate equal to 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of Notes outstanding until the Restrictive Notes Legend on the Notes has been removed in accordance with Section 2.05(c), the Notes are assigned an unrestricted CUSIP number and
the Notes are freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates (or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding) without restrictions pursuant to
U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes; provided, however, that no Additional Interest shall accrue or be owed pursuant to this Section 4.06(e) until the fifteenth Business Day following written notification to
the Company by the Trustee (at the direction of the Holders) or any Holder or beneficial owner of the Notes requesting that the Company comply with its obligations described in this Section 4.06(e) (which notice may be given at any time after
the 330th day after the last date of original issuance of the Notes), it being understood and agreed that in no event shall Additional Interest accrue or be

32 

owed pursuant to this Section 4.06(e) for any period prior to the 380th day after the last date of original issuance of the Notes or any
additional Notes, as the case may be. The Restrictive Notes Legend on the Notes shall be deemed removed pursuant to the terms of this Indenture as provided in Section 2.05(c), and, at such time, the Notes will, pursuant to, and subject to the
provisions of, such Section, be deemed assigned an unrestricted CUSIP number. However, for the avoidance of doubt, Global Notes will continue to bear Additional Interest pursuant to this paragraph until such time as they are identified by an
unrestricted CUSIP in the facilities of the Depositary therefor, as a result of completion of such Depositarys mandatory exchange process or otherwise. 

(f) Additional Interest will be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date following accrual in the same manner as regular interest on
the Notes; provided, that if Additional Interest begins to accrue pursuant to Section 4.06(d) after the close of business on a Regular Record Date and prior to the open of business on the corresponding Interest Payment Date, the Additional
Interest that accrues during such period will be due on the Interest Payment Date next succeeding such corresponding Interest Payment Date, and no interest shall accrue in respect of such delay. 

(g) Subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the Additional Interest that is payable in accordance with Section 4.06(d) or
Section 4.06(e) shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any Additional Interest that may be payable as a result of the Companys election pursuant to Section 6.03. However, in no event shall Additional Interest that may accrue as
a result of the Companys failure to timely file any document or report that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable
grace periods under the Exchange Act and other than current reports on Form 8-K), as set forth in Section 4.06(d), together with any Additional Interest payable at the Companys election as the
remedy for a Reporting Event of Default, accrue at a rate in excess of 0.50% per annum pursuant to this Indenture, regardless of the number of events or circumstances giving rise to the requirement to pay such Additional Interest. 

(h) If Additional Interest is payable by the Company pursuant to Section 4.06(d) or Section 4.06(e), the Company shall deliver to
the Trustee an Officers Certificate to that effect stating (i) the amount of such Additional Interest that is payable and (ii) the date on which such Additional Interest is payable. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the
Trustee receives at the Corporate Trust Office such a certificate, the Trustee may assume without inquiry that no such Additional Interest is payable. If the Company has paid Additional Interest directly to the Persons entitled to it, the Company
shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate setting forth the particulars of such payment. 

Section 4.07. Stay,
Extension and Usury Laws. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law
or other law that would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest on the Notes as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or that may affect the covenants or
the performance of this Indenture; and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the
execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted. 

33 

Section 4.08. Compliance Certificate; Statements as to Defaults. The Company
shall deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company (beginning with the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2025) an Officers Certificate stating whether the signers thereof have knowledge of any
Event of Default that occurred during the previous year and, if so, specifying each such Event of Default and the nature thereof. 

In
addition, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 30 days after the Company obtains knowledge of the occurrence of any Event of Default or Default, an Officers Certificate setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default,
its status and the action that the Company is taking or proposing to take in respect thereof; provided that the Company is not required to deliver such notice if such Event of Default or Default has been cured or is no longer continuing. 

Section 4.09. Further Instruments and Acts. Upon request of the Trustee, the Company will execute and deliver such further
instruments and do such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Indenture. 

ARTICLE 5 

LISTSOF HOLDERSAND REPORTSBYTHE COMPANYANDTHE TRUSTEE

Section 5.01. Lists of Holders. The Company covenants and agrees that it will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee,
semi-annually, not more than 15 days after each March 1 and September 1 in each year beginning with September 1, 2025, and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after receipt by the Company of any
such request (or such lesser time as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to enable it to timely provide any notice to be provided by it hereunder), a list in such form as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the
Holders as of a date not more than 15 days (or such other date as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to so provide any such notices) prior to the time such information is furnished, except that no such list need be furnished so long as the
Trustee is acting as Note Registrar. 

Section 5.02. Preservation and Disclosure of Lists. The Trustee shall preserve, in as
current a form as is reasonably practicable, all information as to the names and addresses of the Holders contained in the most recent list furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 or maintained by the Trustee in its capacity as Note
Registrar, if so acting. The Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 upon receipt of a new list so furnished. 

34 

ARTICLE 6 

DEFAULTSAND REMEDIES

Section 6.01. Events of Default. Each of the following events shall be an Event of Default with respect to the
Notes: 

(a) default in any payment of interest on any Note when due and payable, and the default continues for a period of 30 days; 

(b) default in the payment of principal of any Note when due and payable on the Maturity Date, upon Optional Redemption, upon any required
repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise; 

(c) failure by the Company to comply with its obligation to convert the Notes
in accordance with this Indenture upon exercise of a Holders conversion right and such failure continues for three Business Days; 

(d) failure by the Company to issue a Fundamental Change Company Notice in accordance with Section 15.02(c), notice of a Make-Whole
Fundamental Change in accordance with Section 14.03(b) or notice of a specified corporate event in accordance with Section 14.01(b)(ii) or 14.01(b)(iii), in each case when due and such failure continues for one Business Day; 

(e) failure by the Company to comply with its obligations under Article 11; 

(f) failure by the Company for 60 days after written notice from the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the Notes
then outstanding has been received by the Company to comply with any of its other agreements contained in the Notes or this Indenture; 

(g) default by the Company or any Significant Subsidiary of the Company with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under
which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed with a principal amount in excess of $35,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such
Significant Subsidiary, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity date or (ii) constituting a failure to
pay the principal of any such debt when due and payable (after the expiration of all applicable grace periods) at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, and in the cases of clauses (i) and
(ii), such acceleration shall not have been rescinded or annulled or such failure to pay or default shall not have been cured or waived, or such indebtedness shall not have been paid or discharged, as the case may be, within 30 days after written
notice to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding in accordance with this Indenture; 

35 

(h) a final judgment or judgments for the payment of $35,000,000 (or its foreign currency
equivalent) or more (excluding any amounts covered by insurance) in the aggregate rendered against the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, which judgment is not discharged, bonded, paid, waived or stayed within 60 days after (i) the
date on which the right to appeal thereof has expired if no such appeal has commenced, or (ii) the date on which all rights to appeal have been extinguished; or 

(i) the Company or any Significant Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other
relief with respect to the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other
similar official of the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property, or shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other
proceeding commenced against it, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; or 

(j) an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary seeking liquidation,
reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator,
custodian or other similar official of the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 30 consecutive days. 

Section 6.02. Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment. If one or more Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing
(whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or
governmental body), then, and in each and every such case (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(i) or Section 6.01(j) with respect to the Company), unless the principal of all of the Notes shall have already become due
and payable, either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04, by notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders),
may declare 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all the outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately, and upon any such declaration the same shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and
payable, anything contained in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding. If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(i) or Section 6.01(j) with respect to the Company occurs and is continuing, 100% of the
principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all Notes shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable. 

The immediately preceding paragraph, however, is subject to the conditions that if, at any time after the principal of the Notes shall have
been so declared due and payable, and before any judgment or decree for the payment of the monies due shall have been obtained or entered as hereinafter provided, and if (1) rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a

36 

court of competent jurisdiction and (2) any and all existing Events of Default under this Indenture (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the failure to pay interest, if any, due and
payable on any Defaulted Amounts), other than the nonpayment of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on Notes that shall have become due solely by such acceleration, shall have been cured or waived pursuant to Section 6.09,
then and in every such case the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, by written notice to the Company and to the Trustee, may waive all Defaults or Events of Default with respect to the Notes and rescind
and annul such declaration and its consequences and such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver or rescission and annulment
shall extend to or shall affect any subsequent Default or Event of Default, or shall impair any right consequent thereon. 

For the
avoidance of doubt, and without limiting the manner in which any Event of Default or Default can be cured, (a) a Default (and any Event of Default arising therefrom) consisting of a failure to send a notice in accordance with the provisions
herein will be cured and shall cease to continue upon the sending of such notice; (b) a Default (and any Event of Default arising therefrom) in making any payment on (or delivering any other consideration in respect of) any Note will be cured
and shall cease to continue upon the delivery of such payment (or other consideration) together, if applicable, with default interest thereon; and (c) a Default in the Companys obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) (and any
Reporting Event of Default arising therefrom) will be cured and shall cease to continue upon the filing of the relevant report(s) giving rise to such Default or Event of Default; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt and in each case, the cure
of any Event of Default shall not invalidate any acceleration of the Notes on account of such Event of Default that was properly effected in accordance with the terms herein prior to such time as such Event of Default was cured. 

Section 6.03. Additional Interest. Notwithstanding anything in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary, to the extent the
Company elects, the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) (a Reporting Event of Default) shall, for the first 365 days after the
occurrence of such an Event of Default, consist exclusively of the right to receive Additional Interest on the Notes at a rate equal to (x) 0.25% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day that such Event of Default is
continuing during the first 180 days after the occurrence of such Event of Default and (y) 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding from the 181st day to, and including, the 365th day following the occurrence of such Event of
Default, as long as such Event of Default is continuing. Subject to the last paragraph of this Section 6.03, Additional Interest payable pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, any Additional Interest payable
pursuant to Section 4.06(d) or Section 4.06(e). If the Company so elects, such Additional Interest shall be payable in the same manner and on the same dates as the stated interest payable on the Notes. On the 366th day after such Event of
Default (if the Event of Default relating to the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) is not cured or waived prior to such 366th day), the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as
provided in Section 6.02. The provisions of this paragraph will not affect the rights of Holders in the event of the occurrence of any Event of Default other than the 

37 

Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b). In the event the Company does not elect to pay Additional Interest following an Event of Default in
accordance with this Section 6.03, the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02 as a result of the Event of Default pursuant to Section 6.01(f) if such Event of Default is then continuing. In the
event the Company elected to pay Additional Interest in accordance with this Section 6.03 but the Company does not pay the Additional Interest when due, the Notes shall be subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02 upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Section 6.01(a). 

In order to elect to pay Additional Interest as the sole remedy
during the first 365 days after the occurrence of any Event of Default relating to the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) in accordance with the immediately preceding paragraph, the Company
must notify all Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Paying Agent in writing of such election prior to the beginning of such 365-day period. Upon the failure to timely give such notice, the Notes shall be
immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02. 

In no event shall Additional Interest payable at the Companys
election as a remedy for an Event of Default relating to the Companys failure to comply with its reporting obligations set forth in Section 4.06(b) as set forth in this Section 6.03, together with any Additional Interest that may
accrue as a result of the Companys failure to timely file any document or report that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all
applicable grace periods thereunder and other than current reports on Form 8-K), pursuant to Section 4.06(d), accrue at a rate in excess of 0.50% per annum pursuant to this Indenture, regardless of the
number of events or circumstances giving rise to the requirement to pay such Additional Interest. 

Section 6.04. Payments of Notes
on Default; Suit Therefor. If an Event of Default described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 6.01 shall have occurred and be continuing, the Company shall, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders
of the Notes, the whole amount then due and payable on the Notes for principal and interest, if any, with interest on any overdue principal and interest, if any, at the rate borne by the Notes at such time and, in addition thereto, such further
amount as shall be sufficient to cover any amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06. If the Company shall fail to pay such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a
judicial proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes and collect the moneys adjudged or
decreed to be payable in the manner provided by law out of the property of the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes, wherever situated. 

In the event there shall be pending proceedings for the bankruptcy or for the reorganization of the Company or any other obligor on the Notes
under Title 11 of the United States Code, or any other applicable law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the
Company or such other obligor, the property of the Company or such 

38 

other obligor, or in the event of any other judicial proceedings relative to the Company or such other obligor upon the Notes, or to the creditors or property of the Company or such other
obligor, the Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of the Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions
of this Section 6.04, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or otherwise, to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of principal and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, in respect of the Notes,
and, in case of any judicial proceedings, to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents and to take such other actions as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Holders allowed in such judicial proceedings relative to the Company or any other obligor on the Notes, its or their creditors, or its
or their property, and to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims, and to distribute the same after the deduction of any amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06; and any receiver,
assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, custodian or similar official is hereby authorized by each of the Holders to make such payments to the Trustee, as administrative expenses, and, in the event that the Trustee shall
consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for reasonable compensation, expenses, advances and disbursements, including agents and counsel fees, and including any other amounts due to the
Trustee under Section 7.06, incurred by it up to the date of such distribution. To the extent that such payment of reasonable compensation, expenses, advances and disbursements out of the estate in any such proceedings shall be denied for any
reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, monies, securities and other property that the Holders of the Notes may be entitled to receive in such proceedings, whether in
liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise. 

Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the
Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting such Holder or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in
respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding. 

All rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture, or under
any of the Notes, may be enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Notes, or the production thereof at any trial or other proceeding relative thereto, and any such suit or proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in
its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit
of the Holders of the Notes. 

In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and in any proceedings involving the interpretation of any
provision of this Indenture to which the Trustee shall be a party) the Trustee shall be held to represent all the Holders of the Notes, and it shall not be necessary to make any Holders of the Notes parties to any such proceedings. 

39 

In case the Trustee shall have proceeded to enforce any right under this Indenture and such
proceedings shall have been discontinued or abandoned because of any waiver pursuant to Section 6.09 or any rescission and annulment pursuant to Section 6.02 or for any other reason or shall have been determined adversely to the Trustee,
then and in every such case the Company, the Holders and the Trustee shall, subject to any determination in such proceeding, be restored respectively to their several positions and rights hereunder, and all rights, remedies and powers of the
Company, the Holders and the Trustee shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted. 

Section 6.05. Application
of Monies Collected by Trustee. Any monies or property collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article 6 with respect to the Notes shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee for the distribution of such
monies, or property, upon presentation of the several Notes, and stamping thereon the payment, if only partially paid, and upon surrender thereof, if fully paid: 

First, to the payment of all amounts due the Trustee in all of its capacities under this Indenture; 

Second, in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall not have become due and be unpaid, to the payment of interest on, and any
cash due upon conversion of, the Notes in default in the order of the date due of the payments of such interest and cash due upon conversion, as the case may be, with interest (to the extent that such interest is payable on such Notes and has been
collected by the Trustee) upon such overdue payments at the rate borne by the Notes then payable on such Notes at such time, such payments to be made ratably to the Persons entitled thereto; 

Third, in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall have become due, by declaration or otherwise, and be unpaid to the payment
of the whole amount (including, if applicable, the payment of the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) then owing and unpaid upon the Notes for principal and interest, if any, with interest
on the overdue principal and, to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee, upon overdue installments of interest at the rate borne by the Notes at such time, and in case such monies shall be insufficient to pay in full the
whole amounts so due and unpaid upon the Notes, then to the payment of such principal (including, if applicable, the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) and interest without preference or
priority of principal over interest, or of interest over principal or of any installment of interest over any other installment of interest, or of any Note over any other Note, ratably to the aggregate of such principal (including, if applicable,
the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) and any accrued and unpaid interest; and 

Fourth, to the payment of the remainder, if any, to the Company. 

40 

Section 6.06. Proceedings by Holders. Except to enforce the right to receive
payment of principal (including, if applicable, the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price) or interest when due, or the right to receive payment or delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, no Holder of any Note shall
have any right by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this Indenture or the Notes to institute any suit, action or proceeding in equity or at law upon or under or with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver,
trustee, liquidator, custodian or other similar official, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless: 

(a) such Holder previously shall have
given to the Trustee written notice of an Event of Default and of the continuance thereof, as herein provided; 

(b) Holders of at least
25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding shall have made written request upon the Trustee to institute such action, suit or proceeding in its own name as Trustee hereunder; 

(c) such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee such security or indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability, claim, cost or
expense to be incurred therein or thereby; 

(d) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of such
security or indemnity, shall have neglected or refused to institute any such action, suit or proceeding; and 

(e) no direction that, in
the opinion of the Trustee, is inconsistent with such written request shall have been given to the Trustee by the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding within such
60-day period pursuant to Section 6.09, 

it being understood and intended, and being expressly covenanted by
the taker and Holder of every Note with every other taker and Holder and the Trustee that no one or more Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or
prejudice the rights of any other Holder, or to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or preference to any other such Holder (it being understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not such actions or
forbearances are unduly prejudicial to such Holder), or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal, ratable and common benefit of all Holders (except as otherwise provided herein). For the
protection and enforcement of this Section 6.06, each and every Holder and the Trustee shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture and any provision of any Note, each Holder shall have the right to receive payment or
delivery, as the case may be, of (x) the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, (y) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and (z) the consideration due upon
conversion of, such Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in such Note or in this Indenture, or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment or delivery, as the case may be. 

41 

Section 6.07. Proceedings by Trustee. In case of an Event of Default, the
Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce the rights vested in it by this Indenture by such appropriate judicial proceedings as are necessary to protect and enforce any of such rights, either by suit in equity or by action at law
or by proceeding in bankruptcy or otherwise, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement contained in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Indenture, or to enforce any other legal or equitable
right vested in the Trustee by this Indenture or by law. 

Section 6.08. Remedies Cumulative and Continuing. Except as provided
in the last paragraph of Section 2.06, all powers and remedies given by this Article 6 to the Trustee or to the Holders shall, to the extent permitted by law, be deemed cumulative and not exclusive of any thereof or of any other powers and
remedies available to the Trustee or the Holders of the Notes, by judicial proceedings or otherwise, to enforce the performance or observance of the covenants and agreements contained in this Indenture, and no delay or omission of the Trustee or of
any Holder of any of the Notes to exercise any right or power accruing upon any Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or power, or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Default or Event of Default or any acquiescence
therein; and, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06, every power and remedy given by this Article 6 or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as shall be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or
by the Holders. 

Section 6.09. Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of Holders. The Holders of a
majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04 shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the
Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee with respect to the Notes; provided, however, that (a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture, and (b) the Trustee
may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee that is not inconsistent with such direction. The Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that it determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder or that would involve the
Trustee in personal liability (it being understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to determine whether any direction is prejudicial to any holder). The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time
outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04 may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default hereunder and its consequences (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any acceleration as a
result of such Default or Event of Default) except any continuing defaults relating to (i) a default in the payment of accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, or the principal (including any Redemption Price and any Fundamental Change
Repurchase Price) of, the Notes when due that has not been cured, (ii) a failure by the Company to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due upon conversion of the Notes or (iii) a default in respect of a covenant or
provision hereof which under Article 10 cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected. Upon any such waiver the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes shall be restored to their former
positions and rights hereunder; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Whenever any Default or Event of Default hereunder shall have been waived as permitted by
this Section 6.09, said Default or Event of Default shall for all purposes of the Notes and this Indenture be deemed to have been cured and to be not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of
Default or impair any right consequent thereon. 

42 

Section 6.10. Notice of Defaults. The Trustee shall, within 90 days after a
Responsible Officer of the Trustee obtains actual knowledge of the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default that is then continuing, deliver to all Holders notice of all Defaults or Events of Default actually known to a Responsible Officer,
unless such Defaults or Events of Default shall have been cured or waived before the giving of such notice; provided that, except in the case of a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal of (including the Redemption Price
and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable), or accrued and unpaid interest on, any of the Notes or a Default or Event of Default in the payment or delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, the Trustee shall be protected in
withholding such notice if and so long as it determines that the withholding of such notice is in the interests of the Holders. 

Section 6.11. Undertaking to Pay Costs. All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Note by its acceptance thereof
shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may, in its discretion, require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, the
filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant in such
suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; provided that the provisions of this Section 6.11 (to the extent permitted by law) shall not apply to any suit instituted by the
Trustee, to any suit instituted by any Holder, or group of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than 10% in principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04, or to any suit instituted by any
Holder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal (including, but not limited to, the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of or accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on any Note on or after the due
date expressed or provided for in such Note or to any suit for the enforcement of the right to convert any Note, or receive the consideration due upon conversion, in accordance with the provisions of Article 14. 

ARTICLE 7 

CONCERNINGTHE TRUSTEE

Section 7.01. Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee. The Trustee, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after the
curing or waiver of all Events of Default that may have occurred, undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture. In the event an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee
shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own
affairs; provided that if an Event of Default 

43 

occurs and is continuing, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers under this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders unless such
Holders have offered, and if requested, provided, to the Trustee indemnity or security satisfactory to it against any loss, liability, claim, cost or expense that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction. 

No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own grossly negligent action, its own grossly
negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct, except that: 

(a) prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after the
curing or waiving of all Events of Default that may have occurred: 

(i) the duties and obligations of the Trustee shall be
determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture, and the Trustee shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no implied covenants or obligations
shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and 

(ii) in the absence of gross negligence and willful misconduct
on the part of the Trustee, the Trustee may, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, conclusively rely upon any certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of
this Indenture; but, in the case of any such certificates or opinions that by any provisions hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they
conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of any mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein); 

(b) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or Officers of the Trustee, unless
it shall be proved that the Trustee was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts; 

(c) the Trustee shall not be liable with
respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction of the Holders of not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined as provided in
Section 8.04 relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture; 

(d) whether or not therein provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of, or affording
protection to, the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section; 

(e) the Trustee shall not be liable in respect of any
payment (as to the correctness of amount, entitlement to receive or any other matters relating to payment) or notice effected by the Company or any Paying Agent or any records maintained by any co-Note
Registrar with respect to the Notes; 

44 

(f) if any party fails to deliver a notice relating to an event the fact of which, pursuant
to this Indenture, requires notice to be sent to the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely on its failure to receive such notice as reason to act as if no such event occurred, unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee had actual knowledge of
such event; 

(g) the Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution of the trusts and powers under
this Indenture; 

(h) in the absence of written investment direction from the Company, all cash received by the Trustee shall be placed in
a non-interest bearing trust account, and in no event shall the Trustee be liable for the selection of investments or for investment losses, fees, taxes or other charges incurred thereon or for losses incurred
as a result of the liquidation of any such investment prior to its maturity date or the failure of the party directing such investments prior to its maturity date or the failure of the party directing such investment to provide timely written
investment direction, and the Trustee shall have no obligation to invest or reinvest any amounts held hereunder in the absence of such written investment direction from the Company; and 

(i) in the event that the Trustee is also acting as Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or
transfer agent hereunder, the rights and protections afforded to the Trustee pursuant to this Article 7 shall also be afforded to such Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or transfer agent. 

None of the provisions contained in this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur personal
financial liability in the performance of any of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers. Prior to taking any action under this Indenture, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive indemnification or security satisfactory to it
against any loss, liability or expense caused by taking or not taking such action. 

Section 7.02. Reliance on Documents, Opinions,
Etc. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.01: 

(a) the Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting
or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond, note, coupon or other paper or document believed by it in good faith to be genuine and to have been signed or
presented by the proper party or parties; 

(b) any request, direction, order or demand of the Company mentioned herein shall be
sufficiently evidenced by an Officers Certificate (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed); and any Board Resolution may be evidenced to the Trustee by a copy thereof certified by the Secretary or an
Assistant Secretary of the Company; 

45 

(c) whenever in the administration of this Indenture, the Trustee shall deem it desirable
that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on its part,
conclusively rely upon an Officers Certificate; 

(d) the Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection, and require an Opinion
of Counsel and any advice of such counsel or Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with such advice or Opinion of Counsel;

(e) the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement,
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit,
and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney at the expense of the Company and shall incur no
liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation; 

(f) the Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or
perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents, custodians, nominees or attorneys and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent, custodian, nominee or attorney appointed by
it with due care hereunder; 

(g) the permissive rights of the Trustee enumerated herein shall not be construed as duties; 

(h) the Trustee may request that the Company deliver an Officers Certificate setting forth the names of the individuals and/or titles of
officers authorized at such times to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture, which Officers Certificate may be signed by any Person authorized to sign an Officers Certificate, including any Person specified as so authorized in
any such certificate previously delivered and not superseded; 

(i) neither the Trustee nor any of its directors, officers, employees,
agents, or affiliates shall be responsible for nor have any duty to monitor the performance or any action of the Company, or any of their respective directors, members, officers, agents, affiliates, or employees, nor shall it have any liability in
connection with the malfeasance or nonfeasance by such party. The Trustee shall not be responsible for any inaccuracy in the information obtained from the Company or for any inaccuracy or omission in the records which may result from such
information or any failure by the Trustee to perform its duties or set forth herein as a result of any inaccuracy or incompleteness; and 

(j) the Trustee shall have no obligation to monitor the terms of the Exchange and Subscription Agreements or any Persons compliance
therewith. 

46 

In no event shall the Trustee be liable for any special, indirect, punitive, or
consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. The Trustee shall not be charged
with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes, unless either (1) a Responsible Officer shall have actual knowledge of such Default or Event of Default or (2) written notice of such Default or Event of Default
shall have been given to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee by the Company or by any Holder of the Notes. 

Section 7.03. No
Responsibility for Recitals, Etc. The recitals contained herein and in the Notes (except in the Trustees certificate of authentication) shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the
correctness of the same. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Indenture or of the Notes. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of any Notes or the proceeds of any
Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture. 

Section 7.04. Trustee,
Paying Agents, Conversion Agents, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar May Own Notes. The Trustee, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company or any Affiliate thereof) or Note Registrar, in its
individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes with the same rights it would have if it were not the Trustee, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar. 

Section 7.05. Monies and Shares of Common Stock to Be Held in Trust. All monies and shares of Common Stock received by the Trustee
shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be held in trust for the purposes for which they were received. Money and shares of Common Stock held by the Trustee in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent
required by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money or shares of Common Stock received by it hereunder except as may be agreed from time to time by the Company and the Trustee. 

Section 7.06. Compensation and Expenses of Trustee. The Company covenants and agrees to pay to the Trustee from time to time and
the Trustee shall receive such compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder in any capacity (which shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust) as mutually agreed to in
writing between the Trustee and the Company, and the Company will pay or reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances reasonably incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any of the
provisions of this Indenture in any capacity thereunder (including the reasonable compensation and the expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel and of all Persons not regularly in its employ) except any such expense, disbursement or
advance as shall have been caused by its gross negligence or willful misconduct, as finally adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction. The Company also covenants to indemnify the Trustee or any predecessor Trustee in any capacity under this
Indenture and any other document or transaction entered into in connection herewith and its agents and any authenticating agent for, and to hold them harmless against, any loss, claim, 

47 

damage, liability or expense incurred without gross negligence or willful misconduct, as finally adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction on the part of the Trustee, its officers,
directors, agents or employees, or such agent or authenticating agent, as the case may be, and arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of this Indenture or in any other capacity hereunder and the enforcement of this
Indenture (including this Section 7.06), including the costs and expenses of defending themselves against any claim of liability in the premises (whether asserted by the Company, or any Holder or any other Person). The obligations of the
Company under this Section 7.06 to compensate or indemnify the Trustee and to pay or reimburse the Trustee for expenses, disbursements and advances shall be secured by a senior claim to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money
or property held or collected by the Trustee, except, subject to the effect of Section 6.05, funds held in trust herewith for the benefit of the Holders of particular Notes, and, for the avoidance of doubt, such lien shall not be extended in a
manner that would conflict with the Companys obligations to its other creditors. The Trustees right to receive payment of any amounts due under this Section 7.06 shall not be subordinate to any other liability or indebtedness of the
Company. The obligation of the Company under this Section 7.06 shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee. The Company need not pay for any settlement made without its
consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The indemnification provided in this Section 7.06 shall extend to the officers, directors, agents and employees of the Trustee. 

Without prejudice to any other rights available to the Trustee under applicable law, when the Trustee and its agents and any authenticating
agent incur expenses or render services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(i) or Section 6.01(j) occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws. 

Section 7.07. Officers Certificate as Evidence. Except as
otherwise provided in Section 7.01, whenever in the administration of the provisions of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it necessary or desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking or omitting any action hereunder,
such matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of gross negligence and willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by an
Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, and such Officers Certificate, in the absence of gross negligence and willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, shall be full warrant to the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by
it under the provisions of this Indenture upon the faith thereof. 

Section 7.08. Eligibility of Trustee. There shall at all
times be a Trustee hereunder which shall be a Person that is eligible pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act (as if the Trust Indenture Act were applicable hereto) to act as such and has a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000. If such
Person publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of any supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section, the combined capital and surplus of such Person shall be deemed to be
its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, it shall resign promptly in the manner and
with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article. 

48 

Section 7.09. Resignation or Removal of Trustee.

(a) The Trustee may at any time resign by giving written notice of such resignation to the Company and by delivering notice thereof to the
Holders. Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the
resigning Trustee and one copy to the successor trustee. If no successor trustee shall have been so appointed and have accepted appointment within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation to the Holders, the resigning Trustee may, upon
ten Business Days notice to the Company and the Holders, petition any court of competent jurisdiction, at the expense of the Company, for the appointment of a successor trustee, or any Holder who has been a bona fide holder of a Note or Notes
for at least six months (or since the date of this Indenture) may, subject to the provisions of Section 6.11, on behalf of himself or herself and all others similarly situated, petition any such court for the appointment of a successor trustee.
Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, appoint a successor trustee. 

(b) In case at any
time any of the following shall occur: 

(i) the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of
Section 7.08 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Company or by any such Holder, or 

(ii)
the Trustee shall become incapable of acting, or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or
affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, 

then, in either case, the Company may by a Board Resolution remove the Trustee
and appoint a successor trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the Trustee so removed and one copy to the successor trustee, or, subject to the
provisions of Section 6.11, any Holder who has been a bona fide holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months (or since the date of this Indenture) may, on behalf of himself or herself and all others similarly situated, petition any court
of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, remove the Trustee and appoint a successor trustee. 

(c) The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, as determined in accordance with
Section 8.04, may at any time remove the Trustee and nominate a successor trustee that shall be deemed appointed as successor trustee unless within ten days after notice to the Company of such nomination the Company objects thereto, in which
case the Trustee so removed or any Holder, upon the terms and conditions and otherwise as in Section 7.09(a) provided, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for an appointment of a successor trustee. 

49 

(d) Any resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor trustee
pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section 7.09 shall become effective upon acceptance of appointment by the successor trustee as provided in Section 7.10. 

Section 7.10. Acceptance by Successor Trustee. Any successor trustee appointed as provided in Section 7.09 shall execute,
acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to its predecessor trustee an instrument accepting such appointment hereunder, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the predecessor trustee shall become effective and such successor trustee, without
any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as Trustee herein; but, nevertheless, on the written request of the
Company or of the successor trustee, the trustee ceasing to act shall, upon payment of any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.06, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor trustee all the rights
and powers of the trustee so ceasing to act. Upon request of any such successor trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments in writing for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor trustee all such rights
and powers. Any trustee ceasing to act shall, nevertheless, retain a senior claim to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by such trustee as such, except for funds held in trust for the benefit of
Holders of particular Notes, to secure any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.06. 

No successor trustee
shall accept appointment as provided in this Section 7.10 unless at the time of such acceptance such successor trustee shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08. 

Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor trustee as provided in this Section 7.10, each of the Company and the successor trustee, at
the written direction and at the expense of the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered notice of the succession of such trustee hereunder to the Holders. If the Company fails to deliver such notice within ten days after acceptance of
appointment by the successor trustee, the successor trustee shall cause such notice to be delivered at the expense of the Company. 

Section 7.11. Succession by Merger, Etc. Any corporation, banking association or other entity into which the Trustee may be merged
or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation, banking association or other entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation, banking association or other
entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee (including the administration of this Indenture), shall be the successor to the Trustee hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any
further act on the part of any of the parties hereto; provided that in the case of any corporation, banking association or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee such corporation,
banking association or other entity shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08. 

50 

In case at the time such successor to the Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by
this Indenture, any of the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee or authenticating agent appointed by such predecessor trustee,
and deliver such Notes so authenticated; and in case at that time any of the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by such successor trustee may authenticate such Notes either in
the name of any predecessor trustee hereunder or in the name of the successor trustee; and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Notes or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the
Trustee shall have; provided, however, that the right to adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee or to authenticate Notes in the name of any predecessor trustee shall apply only to its successor or successors
by merger, conversion or consolidation. 

Section 7.12. Trustees Application for Instructions from the
Company. Any application by the Trustee for written instructions from the Company (other than with regard to any action proposed to be taken or omitted to be taken by the Trustee that affects the rights of the Holders of the Notes under this
Indenture) may, at the option of the Trustee, set forth in writing any action proposed to be taken or omitted by the Trustee under this Indenture and the date on and/or after which such action shall be taken or such omission shall be effective. The
Trustee shall not be liable to the Company for any action taken by, or omission of, the Trustee in accordance with a proposal included in such application on or after the date specified in such application (which date shall not be less than three
Business Days after the date any Officer that the Company has indicated to the Trustee should receive such application actually receives such application, unless any such Officer shall have consented in writing to any earlier date), unless, prior to
taking any such action (or the effective date in the case of any omission), the Trustee shall have received written instructions in accordance with this Indenture in response to such application specifying the action to be taken or omitted. 

ARTICLE 8 

CONCERNINGTHE HOLDERS

Section 8.01. Action by Holders. Whenever in this Indenture it is provided that the Holders of a specified percentage of the
aggregate principal amount of the Notes may take any action (including the making of any demand or request, the giving of any notice, consent or waiver or the taking of any other action), the fact that at the time of taking any such action, the
Holders of such specified percentage have joined therein may be evidenced (a) by any instrument or any number of instruments of similar tenor executed by Holders in person or by agent or proxy appointed in writing, or (b) by the record of
the Holders voting in favor thereof at any meeting of Holders duly called and held in accordance with the provisions of Article 9, or (c) by a combination of such instrument or instruments and any such record of such a meeting of Holders.
Whenever the Company or the Trustee solicits the taking of any action by the Holders of the Notes, the Company or the Trustee may, but shall not be required to, fix in advance of such solicitation, a date as the record date for determining Holders
entitled to take such action. The record date if one is selected shall be not more than fifteen days prior to the date of commencement of solicitation of such action. 

51 

Section 8.02. Proof of Execution by Holders. Subject to the provisions of
Section 7.01, Section 7.02 and Section 9.05, proof of the execution of any instrument or writing by a Holder or its agent or proxy shall be sufficient if made in accordance with such reasonable rules and regulations as may be
prescribed by the Trustee or in such manner as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee. The holding of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register or by a certificate of the Note Registrar. The record of any Holders meeting shall be proved in the
manner provided in Section 9.06. 

Section 8.03. Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners. The Company, the Trustee, any
authenticating agent, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent and any Note Registrar may deem the Person in whose name a Note shall be registered upon the Note Register to be, and may treat it as, the absolute owner of such Note (whether or not such
Note shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by any Person other than the Company or any Note Registrar) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account of the principal (including any
Redemption Price and any Fundamental Change Repurchase Price) of and (subject to Section 2.03) accrued and unpaid interest on such Note, for conversion of such Note and for all other purposes under this Indenture; and neither the Company nor
the Trustee nor any Paying Agent nor any Conversion Agent nor any Note Registrar shall be affected nor incur any liability by any notice to the contrary. The sole registered holder of a Global Note shall be the Depositary or its nominee. All such
payments or deliveries so made to any Holder for the time being, or upon its order, shall be valid, and, to the extent of the sums or shares of Common Stock so paid or delivered, effectual to satisfy and discharge the liability for monies payable or
shares deliverable upon any such Note. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes following an Event of Default, any holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note may directly enforce against the Company, without the
consent, solicitation, proxy, authorization or any other action of the Depositary or any other Person, such holders right to exchange such beneficial interest for a Note in certificated form in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture.

Section 8.04. Company-Owned Notes Disregarded. In determining whether the Holders of the requisite aggregate principal amount
of Notes have concurred in any direction, consent, waiver or other action under this Indenture, Notes that are owned by the Company, by any Subsidiary thereof or by any Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof shall be disregarded and
deemed not to be outstanding for the purpose of any such determination; provided that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, consent, waiver or other action only Notes that a
Responsible Officer actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as outstanding for the purposes of this Section 8.04 if the pledgee shall establish to the satisfaction
of the Trustee the pledgees right to so act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Company, a Subsidiary thereof or an Affiliate of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof. In the case of a dispute as to such right, any
decision by the Trustee taken upon the advice of counsel shall be full protection to the Trustee. Upon request of the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee promptly an Officers Certificate listing and identifying all Notes, if any,
known by the Company to be owned or held by or for the account of any of the above described Persons; and, subject to Section 7.01, the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such Officers Certificate as conclusive evidence of the facts
therein set forth and of the fact that all Notes not listed therein are outstanding for the purpose of any such determination. 

52 

Section 8.05. Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound. At any time prior to
(but not after) the evidencing to the Trustee, as provided in Section 8.01, of the taking of any action by the Holders of the percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes specified in this Indenture in connection with such action,
any Holder of a Note that is shown by the evidence to be included in the Notes the Holders of which have consented to such action may, by filing written notice with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office and upon proof of holding as provided in
Section 8.02, revoke such action so far as concerns such Note. Except as aforesaid, any such action taken by the Holder of any Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of such Note and of any
Notes issued in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer thereof, irrespective of whether any notation in regard thereto is made upon such Note or any Note issued in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of
transfer thereof. 

ARTICLE 9 

HOLDERS MEETINGS

Section 9.01. Purpose of Meetings. A meeting of Holders may be called at any time and from time to time pursuant to the provisions
of this Article 9 for any of the following purposes: 

(a) to give any notice to the Company or to the Trustee or to give any directions to
the Trustee permitted under this Indenture, or to consent to the waiving of any Default or Event of Default hereunder (in each case, as permitted under this Indenture) and its consequences, or to take any other action authorized to be taken by
Holders pursuant to any of the provisions of Article 6; 

(b) to remove the Trustee and nominate a successor trustee pursuant to the
provisions of Article 7; 

(c) to consent to the execution of an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto pursuant to the provisions of
Section 10.02; or 

(d) to take any other action authorized to be taken by or on behalf of the Holders of any specified aggregate
principal amount of the Notes under any other provision of this Indenture or under applicable law. 

Section 9.02. Call of Meetings
by Trustee. The Trustee may at any time call a meeting of Holders to take any action specified in Section 9.01, to be held at such time and at such place as the Trustee shall determine. Notice of every meeting of the Holders, setting forth
the time and the place of such meeting and in general terms the action proposed to be taken at such meeting and the establishment of any record date pursuant to Section 8.01, shall be delivered to Holders of such Notes. Such notice shall also
be delivered to the Company. Such notices shall be delivered not less than 20 nor more than 90 days prior to the date fixed for the meeting. 

53 

Any meeting of Holders shall be valid without notice if the Holders of all Notes then
outstanding are present in person or by proxy or if notice is waived before or after the meeting by the Holders of all Notes then outstanding, and if the Company and the Trustee are either present by duly authorized representatives or have, before
or after the meeting, waived notice. 

Section 9.03. Call of Meetings by Company or Holders. In case at any time the Company,
pursuant to a Board Resolution, or the Holders of at least 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall have requested the Trustee to call a meeting of Holders, by written request setting forth in reasonable detail the
action proposed to be taken at the meeting, and the Trustee shall not have delivered the notice of such meeting within 20 days after receipt of such request, then the Company or such Holders may determine the time and the place for such meeting and
may call such meeting to take any action authorized in Section 9.01, by delivering notice thereof as provided in Section 9.02. 

Section 9.04. Qualifications for Voting. To be entitled to vote at any meeting of Holders a Person shall (a) be a Holder of
one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting or (b) be a Person appointed by an instrument in writing as proxy by a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting. The only Persons who shall be
entitled to be present or to speak at any meeting of Holders shall be the Persons entitled to vote at such meeting and their counsel and any representatives of the Trustee and its counsel and any representatives of the Company and its counsel. 

Section 9.05. Regulations. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee may make such reasonable
regulations as it may deem advisable for any meeting of Holders, in regard to proof of the holding of Notes and of the appointment of proxies, and in regard to the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes, the submission and examination of
proxies, certificates and other evidence of the right to vote, and such other matters concerning the conduct of the meeting as it shall think fit. 

The Trustee shall, by an instrument in writing, appoint a temporary chairman of the meeting, unless the meeting shall have been called by the
Company or by Holders as provided in Section 9.03, in which case the Company or the Holders calling the meeting, as the case may be, shall in like manner appoint a temporary chairman. A permanent chairman and a permanent secretary of the
meeting shall be elected by vote of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at the meeting and entitled to vote at the meeting. 

Subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, at any meeting of Holders each Holder or proxyholder shall be entitled to one vote for each
$1,000 principal amount of Notes held or represented by him or her; provided, however, that no vote shall be cast or counted at any meeting in respect of any Note challenged as not outstanding and ruled by the chairman of the meeting
to be not outstanding. The chairman of the meeting shall have no right to vote other than by virtue of Notes held by it or instruments in writing as aforesaid duly designating it as the 

54 

proxy to vote on behalf of other Holders. Any meeting of Holders duly called pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.02 or Section 9.03 may be adjourned from time to time by the Holders
of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented at the meeting, whether or not constituting a quorum, and the meeting may be held as so adjourned without further notice. 

Section 9.06. Voting. The vote upon any resolution submitted to any meeting of Holders shall be by written ballot on which shall
be subscribed the signatures of the Holders or of their representatives by proxy and the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes held or represented by them. The permanent chairman of the meeting shall appoint two inspectors of votes who
shall count all votes cast at the meeting for or against any resolution and who shall make and file with the secretary of the meeting their verified written reports in duplicate of all votes cast at the meeting. A record in duplicate of the
proceedings of each meeting of Holders shall be prepared by the secretary of the meeting and there shall be attached to said record the original reports of the inspectors of votes on any vote by ballot taken thereat and affidavits by one or more
Persons having knowledge of the facts setting forth a copy of the notice of the meeting and showing that said notice was delivered as provided in Section 9.02. The record shall show the aggregate principal amount of the Notes voting in favor of
or against any resolution. The record shall be signed and verified by the affidavits of the permanent chairman and secretary of the meeting and one of the duplicates shall be delivered to the Company and the other to the Trustee to be preserved by
the Trustee, the latter to have attached thereto the ballots voted at the meeting. 

Any record so signed and verified shall be conclusive
evidence of the matters therein stated. 

Section 9.07. No Delay of Rights by Meeting. Nothing contained in this Article 9
shall be deemed or construed to authorize or permit, by reason of any call of a meeting of Holders or any rights expressly or impliedly conferred hereunder to make such call, any hindrance or delay in the exercise of any right or rights conferred
upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders under any of the provisions of this Indenture or of the Notes. 

ARTICLE 10 

SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURES

Section 10.01. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders. The Company and the Trustee, at the Companys expense, may
from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for one or more of the following purposes: 

(a)
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 

(b) to provide for the assumption by a Successor Company of the obligations of
the Company under this Indenture pursuant to Article 11; 

(c) to add guarantees with respect to the Notes; 

55 

(d) to secure the Notes; 

(e) to add to the covenants or Events of Default of the Company for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred upon
the Company; 

(f) to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder as determined by the Company in good faith;

(g) in connection with any Share Exchange Event, to provide that the Notes are convertible into Reference Property, subject to the
provisions of Section 14.02, and make such related changes to the terms of the Notes to the extent expressly required by Section 14.07; 

(h) [reserved]; 

(i) to comply
with the rules of any applicable Depositary, including The Depository Trust Company, so long as such amendment does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder; 

(j) to appoint a successor trustee with respect to the Notes; 

(k) to increase the Conversion Rate as provided in this Indenture; 

(l) to provide for the acceptance of appointment by a successor Trustee, security registrar, Paying Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or
Conversion Agent to facilitate the administration of the trusts under this Indenture by more than one trustee; or 

(m) to irrevocably
elect a Settlement Method (including Combination Settlement with a Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of notes of $1,000 or with an ability to continue to set the Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes at or
above any specific amount set forth in such election notice) or a Specified Dollar Amount, or eliminate the Companys right to elect a Settlement Method (including at the Companys option upon an irrevocable election as provided in
Section 14.02(a)(iv)), or change the Default Settlement Method; provided, however, that no such election, elimination or change will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any
Note pursuant to the provisions of Article 14. 

Upon the written request of the Company, the Trustee is hereby authorized to join with the
Company in the execution of any such supplemental indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained, but the Trustee shall not be obligated to, but may in its discretion, enter into any
supplemental indenture that affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise. 

Any
supplemental indenture authorized by the provisions of this Section 10.01 may be executed by the Company and the Trustee without the consent of the Holders of any of the Notes at the time outstanding, notwithstanding any of the provisions of
Section 10.02. 

56 

Section 10.02. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders. With the consent
(evidenced as provided in Article 8) of the Holders of at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (determined in accordance with Article 8 and including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection
with a repurchase of, or tender or exchange offer for, Notes), the Company and the Trustee, at the Companys expense, may from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any
provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture, the Notes or any supplemental indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders; provided, however, that, without the
consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected, no such supplemental indenture shall: 

(a) reduce the principal amount of Notes
whose Holders must consent to an amendment; 

(b) reduce the rate of or extend the stated time for payment of interest on any Note; 

(c) reduce the principal of or extend the Maturity Date of any Note; 

(d) except as required by this Indenture, make any change that adversely affects the conversion rights of any Notes; 

(e) reduce the Redemption Price or the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price of any Note or amend or modify in any manner adverse to the Holders
the Companys obligation to make such payments, whether through an amendment or waiver of provisions in the covenants, definitions or otherwise; 

(f) make any Note payable in a currency, or at a place of payment, other than that stated in the Note; 

(g) change the ranking of the Notes; 

(h) eliminate the contractual right of any Holder to institute suit for the enforcement of its right to receive payment or delivery, as the
case may be, of the principal (including the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price or Redemption Price, if applicable) of, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and the consideration due upon conversion of, its Notes, on or after the respective due
dates expressed or provided for in the Notes or this Indenture; or 

(i) make any change in this Article 10 that requires each
Holders consent or in the waiver provisions in Section 6.02 or Section 6.09. 

Upon the written request of the Company, and
upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence of the consent of Holders as aforesaid and subject to Section 10.05, the Trustee shall join with the Company in the execution of such supplemental indenture unless such supplemental indenture affects
the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such supplemental indenture. 

57 

Holders do not need under this Section 10.02 to approve the particular form of any
proposed supplemental indenture. It shall be sufficient if such Holders approve the substance thereof. After any such supplemental indenture becomes effective, the Company shall deliver to the Holders a notice briefly describing such supplemental
indenture. However, the failure to give such notice to all the Holders, or any defect in the notice, will not impair or affect the validity of the supplemental indenture. 

Section 10.03. Effect of Supplemental Indentures. Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of
this Article 10, this Indenture shall be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith and the respective rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties, indemnities, privileges, and immunities under this Indenture of the
Trustee, the Company and the Holders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture shall be and be
deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all purposes. 

Section 10.04. Notation on Notes.
Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article 10 may, at the Companys expense, bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided for
in such supplemental indenture. If the Company or the Trustee shall so determine, new Notes so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Company, to any modification of this Indenture contained in any such supplemental indenture
may, at the Companys expense, be prepared and executed by the Company, authenticated by the Trustee (or an authenticating agent duly appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 17.10) and delivered in exchange for the Notes then
outstanding, upon surrender of such Notes then outstanding. 

Section 10.05. Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be
Furnished to the Trustee. In addition to the documents required by Section 17.05, the Trustee shall receive an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as conclusive evidence that any supplemental indenture executed pursuant
hereto complies with the requirements of this Article 10 and is permitted or authorized by this Indenture; such Opinion of Counsel to include a customary legal opinion stating that such supplemental indenture is the valid and binding obligation of
the Company, subject to customary exceptions and qualifications. The Trustee shall have no responsibility for determining whether any amendment or supplemental indenture will or may have an adverse effect on any Holder. 

ARTICLE 11 

CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, SALE, CONVEYANCEAND LEASE

Section 11.01. Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms. Subject to the provisions of Section 11.02, the Company shall
not consolidate with, merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the consolidated properties and assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another Person (other than any such sale,
conveyance, transfer or lease to one or more of the Companys direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiaries) (each, a Business Combination Event) unless: 

58 

(a) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the Successor
Company), if not the Company, shall be a Qualified Successor Entity organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and the Successor Company (if not the Company) shall
expressly assume, by supplemental indenture all of the obligations of the Company under the Notes and this Indenture; and 

(b) immediately
after giving effect to such Business Combination Event, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under this Indenture. 

For purposes of this Section 11.01, the sale, conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of
one or more Subsidiaries of the Company to another Person, which properties and assets, if held by the Company instead of such Subsidiaries, would constitute all or substantially all of the consolidated properties and assets of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, shall be deemed to be the sale, conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the consolidated properties and assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another Person. 

Section 11.02. Successor Company to Be Substituted. In case of any such Business Combination Event and upon the assumption by the
Successor Company, by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee and satisfactory in form to the Trustee, of the due and punctual payment of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on all of the Notes, the due and
punctual delivery or payment, as the case may be, of any consideration due upon conversion of the Notes and the due and punctual performance of all of the covenants and conditions of this Indenture to be performed by the Company, such Successor
Company (if not the Company) shall succeed to and, except in the case of a lease of all or substantially all of the consolidated properties and assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, shall be substituted for the Company, with
the same effect as if it had been named herein as the party of the first part, and may thereafter exercise every right and power of the Company under this Indenture. Such Successor Company thereupon may cause to be signed, and may issue either in
its own name or in the name of the Company any or all of the Notes issuable hereunder which theretofore shall not have been signed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee; and, upon the order of such Successor Company instead of the Company and
subject to all the terms, conditions and limitations in this Indenture prescribed, the Trustee shall authenticate and shall deliver, or cause to be authenticated and delivered, any Notes that previously shall have been signed and delivered by the
Officers of the Company to the Trustee for authentication, and any Notes that such Successor Company thereafter shall cause to be signed and delivered to the Trustee for that purpose. All the Notes so issued shall in all respects have the same legal
rank and benefit under this Indenture as the Notes theretofore or thereafter issued in accordance with the terms of this Indenture as though all of such Notes had been issued at the date of the execution hereof. In the event of any such Business
Combination Event (but not in the case of a lease), upon compliance with this Article 11 the Person named as the Company in the first paragraph of this Indenture (or any successor that shall thereafter have become such in the manner
prescribed in this Article 11) may be dissolved, wound up and liquidated at any time thereafter and, except in the case of a lease, such Person shall be released from its liabilities as obligor and maker of the Notes and from its obligations under
this Indenture and the Notes. 

59 

In case of any such Business Combination Event, such changes in phraseology and form (but
not in substance) may be made in the Notes thereafter to be issued as may be appropriate. 

ARTICLE 12 

IMMUNITYOF INCORPORATORS, STOCKHOLDERS, OFFICERSAND
DIRECTORS

Section 12.01. Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations. No recourse for the payment of the
principal of or accrued and unpaid interest on any Note, nor for any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company in this Indenture or in any supplemental
indenture or in any Note, nor because of the creation of any indebtedness represented thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, employee, agent, Officer or director or Subsidiary, as such, past, present or future, of the Company
or of any successor corporation, either directly or through the Company or any successor corporation, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise; it being expressly
understood that all such liability is hereby expressly waived and released as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of this Indenture and the issue of the Notes. 

ARTICLE 13 

[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 

ARTICLE 14 

CONVERSIONOF NOTES

Section 14.01. Conversion Privilege.

(a) Subject to and upon compliance with the provisions of this Article 14, each Holder of a Note shall have the right, at such Holders
option, to convert all or any portion (if the portion to be converted is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) of such Note (i) subject to satisfaction of the conditions described in Section 14.01(b), at any time prior
to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 15, 2029 under the circumstances and during the periods set forth in Section 14.01(b), and (ii) regardless of the conditions described in
Section 14.01(b), on or after December 15, 2029 and prior to the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, in each case, at an initial conversion rate of 54.9058 shares of Common Stock
(subject to adjustment as provided in this Article 14, the Conversion Rate) per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (subject to, and in accordance with, the settlement provisions of Section 14.02, the Conversion
Obligation). The Trustee shall have no obligation to make any determination in connection with the foregoing, including any determination as to whether any of the conditions described in Section 14.01(b) have been satisfied. 

60 

(b) 

(i) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 15, 2029, a Holder may surrender all
or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time during the five Business Day period immediately after any ten consecutive Trading Day period (the Measurement Period) in which the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of
Notes, as determined following a request by a Holder of Notes in accordance with this subsection (b)(i), for each Trading Day of the Measurement Period was less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on each such
Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on each such Trading Day. The Trading Prices shall be determined by the Bid Solicitation Agent pursuant to this subsection (b)(i) and the definition of Trading Price set forth in this Indenture. The Bid
Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) shall have no obligation to determine the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes unless the Company has requested such determination, and the Company shall have no obligation to make such
request (or, if the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, the Company shall have no obligation to determine the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes) unless a Holder of at least $1,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes
provides the Company with reasonable evidence that the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes on any Trading Day would be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on such Trading Day and the
Conversion Rate on such Trading Day, at which time the Company shall instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) to determine, or if the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, the Company shall determine, the Trading Price
per $1,000 principal amount of Notes beginning on the next Trading Day and on each successive Trading Day until the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of
the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. If (x) the Company is not acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, and the Company does not, when the Company is required to, instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent to determine the Trading Price per $1,000
principal amount of Notes when obligated as provided in the preceding sentence, or if the Company gives such instruction to the Bid Solicitation Agent and the Bid Solicitation Agent fails to make such determination, or (y) the Company is acting
as Bid Solicitation Agent and the Company fails to make such determination when obligated as provided in the preceding sentence, then, in either case, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes on any date shall be deemed to be less than
98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate on each Trading Day of such failure. If the Trading Price condition set forth above has been met, the Company shall so notify the Holders, the Trustee and
the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing. Any such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. If, at any time after the Trading Price condition set forth above has been met, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal
amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate for such date, the Company shall so notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than
the Trustee) in writing and thereafter neither the Company nor the Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) shall be required to solicit bids (or determine the Trading Price of the Notes as set forth in this Indenture) again until a new
Holder request is made as provided in this subsection (b)(i). 

61 

(ii) If, prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately
preceding December 15, 2029, the Company elects to: 

(A) distribute to all or substantially all holders of the Common
Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than in connection with a stockholder rights plan prior to the separation of such rights from the Common Stock) entitling them, for a period of not more than 60 calendar days after the announcement date
of such distribution, to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including,
the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such distribution; or 

(B) distribute to all or
substantially all holders of the Common Stock the Companys assets, securities or rights to purchase securities of the Company (other than in connection with a stockholder rights plan prior to separation of such rights from the Common Stock),
which distribution has a per share value, as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith, exceeding 10% of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day preceding the date of announcement for such distribution, 

then, in either case, the Company shall notify all Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) at least 30
Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution (or, if later in the case of any such separation of rights issued pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, as soon as reasonably
practicable after the Company becomes aware that such separation or triggering event has occurred or will occur); provided, however, that if the Company is then otherwise permitted to settle conversions of Notes by Physical Settlement
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, has not irrevocably elected another Settlement Method for conversions of Notes), then the Company may instead elect to provide such notice at least five Scheduled Trading Days prior to such Ex-Dividend Date, in which case the Company shall be required to settle all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date occurring during the period on or after the date the Company provides such notice and before
such Ex-Dividend Date (or, if earlier, the date the Company announces that such issuance or distribution will not take place) by Physical Settlement, and the Company shall describe the same in such notice.
Once the Company has given such notice, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time until the earlier of (1) the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution and (2) the Companys announcement that such distribution will not take place, in each case, even if the Notes are not otherwise convertible at such time;
provided that Holders may not convert their Notes pursuant to this subsection (b)(ii) if they participate, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the Notes, in any of the
transactions described in clause (A) or (B) of this subsection (b)(ii) without having to convert their Notes as if they held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the applicable Conversion Rate as of the Record Date for such distribution,
multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder. 

62 

(iii) If (A) a transaction or event that constitutes a Fundamental
Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 15, 2029, regardless of whether a Holder has the right to require the Company to repurchase the Notes pursuant to
Section 15.02, or (B) if the Company is a party to a Share Exchange Event (other than a Share Exchange Event that is solely for the purpose of changing the Companys jurisdiction of organization that (x) does not constitute a
Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change and (y) results in a reclassification, conversion or exchange of outstanding shares of Common Stock solely into shares of common stock of the surviving entity and such common stock becomes
Reference Property for the Notes) that occurs prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 15, 2029 (each such Fundamental Change, Make-Whole Fundamental Change or Share Exchange Event, a Corporate
Event), all or any portion of a Holders Notes may be surrendered for conversion at any time from or after the effective date of such Corporate Event until the earlier of (x) 35 Trading Days after the effective date of the Corporate
Event (or, if the Company gives notice after the effective date of such Corporate Event, until 35 Trading Days after the date the Company gives notice of such Corporate Event) or, if such Corporate Event also constitutes a Fundamental Change (other
than an Exempted Fundamental Change), until the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and (y) the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Maturity
Date. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing as promptly as practicable following the effective date of such Corporate Event, but in no event later than one Business Day after
the effective date of such Corporate Event. 

(iv) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding
December 15, 2029, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2025 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the
Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of 30 consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the last Trading Day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is
greater than or equal to 130% of the Conversion Price on each applicable Trading Day. 

(v) If the Company calls any Note
for Optional Redemption pursuant to Article 16, then a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Called Notes for conversion at any time prior to the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately prior to the Redemption Date, even
if the Called Notes are not otherwise convertible at such time. After that time, the right to convert such Called Notes on account of the Companys delivery of a Notice of Redemption shall expire, unless the Company defaults in the payment of
the Redemption Price, in which case a Holder of Called Notes may convert all or a portion of its Called Notes until the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Redemption Price has been paid or duly
provided for. If the Company elects to redeem fewer than all 

63 

of the outstanding Notes for Optional Redemption pursuant to Article 16, and the Holder of any Note (or any owner of a beneficial interest in any Global Note) is reasonably not able to determine,
prior to the close of business on the 29th Scheduled Trading Day immediately before the relevant Redemption Date (or if, as permitted by Section 16.02(a), the Company delivers a Notice of Redemption not less than 15 nor more than 45 calendar
days prior to the related Redemption Date, then prior to close of business on the 14th calendar day immediately before the relevant Redemption Date), whether such Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, is to be redeemed pursuant to such
redemption (and, as a result thereof, convertible in accordance with the provisions of this Article 14), then such Holder or owner, as applicable, shall be entitled to convert such Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, at any time before the
close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day prior to such Redemption Date, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Redemption Price, in which case such Holder or owner, as applicable, will be entitled to convert such Note or beneficial
interest, as applicable, until the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Redemption Price has been paid or duly provided for, and each such conversion will be deemed to be of a Note called for
Optional Redemption, and such Note or beneficial interest will be deemed called for Optional Redemption solely for the purposes of such conversion (Deemed Redemption). If a Holder elects to convert Called Notes pursuant to this
Section 14.01(b)(v) during the related Redemption Period, the Company will, under certain circumstances, increase the Conversion Rate for such Called Notes pursuant to Section 14.03. Accordingly, if the Company elects to redeem fewer than
all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to Article 16, Holders of the Notes that are not Called Notes will not be entitled to convert such Notes that are not Called Notes pursuant to this Section 14.01(b)(v) and will not be entitled to an
increased Conversion Rate on account of the Notice of Redemption for conversions of such Notes that are not Called Notes during the related Redemption Period if such Notes that are not Called Notes are otherwise convertible pursuant to any other
provision of this Section 14.01(b). 

Section 14.02. Conversion Procedure; Settlement Upon Conversion.

(a) Subject to this Section 14.02, Section 14.03(b) and Section 14.07(a), upon conversion of any Note, the Company shall
satisfy its Conversion Obligation by paying or delivering, as the case may be, to the converting Holder, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted, cash (Cash Settlement), shares of Common Stock, together
with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of this Section 14.02 (Physical Settlement) or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock,
together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of this Section 14.02 (Combination Settlement), at its election, as set forth in this
Section 14.02. 

(i) All conversions of Called Notes for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the related
Redemption Period shall be settled using the same Settlement Method, and all conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after December 15, 2029, shall be settled using the same Settlement Method. 

64 

(ii) Except for any conversions of Called Notes for which the relevant
Conversion Date occurs during a Redemption Period, and any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after December 15, 2029, and except to the extent the Company has irrevocably elected Physical Settlement pursuant to
Section 14.01(b)(ii) in a notice as described in such Section or has previously made an irrevocable election with respect to all subsequent conversions of Notes pursuant to Section 14.02(a)(iv), the Company shall use the same Settlement
Method for all conversions with the same Conversion Date, but the Company shall not have any obligation to use the same Settlement Method with respect to conversions with different Conversion Dates. 

(iii) If, in respect of any Conversion Date (or any period described in the third immediately succeeding set of parentheses, as
the case may be), the Company elects to deliver a notice (the Settlement Notice) of the relevant Settlement Method in respect of such Conversion Date (or such period, as the case may be), the Company shall deliver such Settlement
Notice to converting Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) no later than the close of business on the Trading Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date (or, in the case of any conversions (x) of
Called Notes for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the related Redemption Period, in the related Notice of Redemption, (y) of Notes for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after December 15, 2029, no later than
December 15, 2029 or (z) of Notes for which the Company has irrevocably elected Physical Settlement pursuant to Section 14.01(b)(ii) in a notice as described in such section) (in each case, the Settlement Method Election
Deadline). Such Settlement Notice shall specify the relevant Settlement Method and in the case of an election of Combination Settlement, the relevant Settlement Notice shall indicate the Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount
of Notes. If the Company does not elect a Settlement Method prior to the relevant Settlement Method Election Deadline with respect to a conversion, the Company shall no longer have the right to elect a Settlement Method with respect to any
conversion on such Conversion Date or during such period, and the Company shall be deemed to have elected the Default Settlement Method with respect to such conversion. If the Company delivers a Settlement Notice prior to the relevant Settlement
Method Election Deadline with respect to a conversion electing Combination Settlement (or is deemed to have elected Combination Settlement) in respect of its Conversion Obligation but does not indicate a Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal
amount of Notes to be converted in such Settlement Notice, the Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be deemed to be $1,000. For the avoidance of doubt, the Companys failure to timely elect a Settlement Method or
specify the applicable Specified Dollar Amount shall not constitute a Default under this Indenture. 

(iv) The Company may,
from time to time, prior to December 15, 2029, change the Default Settlement Method by sending notice of the new Default Settlement Method to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee). In addition, the
Company may, by notice to the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) prior to December 15, 2029, at its option, elect to irrevocably fix the Settlement Method to any Settlement Method that the Company is

65 

then permitted to elect, including Combination Settlement with a Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes of $1,000 or with an ability to continue to set the Specified Dollar
Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes at or above any specific amount set forth in such election notice. Concurrently with providing notice to all Holders of an election to change the Default Settlement Method or irrevocably fix the Settlement
Method, the Company shall promptly either post an announcement on its website or issue a report on Form 8-K (or any successor form) disclosing such Default Settlement Method or irrevocably fixed Settlement
Method. If the Company changes the Default Settlement Method or elects to irrevocably fix the Settlement Method, in either case, to Combination Settlement with an ability to continue to set the Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of
Notes at or above a specified amount, the Company will, after the date of such change or election, as the case may be, inform Holders converting their Notes, the Trustee, and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing of such
Specified Dollar Amount no later than the relevant Settlement Method Election Deadline, or, if the Company does not timely notify Holders, such Specified Dollar Amount will be the specific amount set forth in the change or election notice or, if no
specific amount was set forth in the change or election notice, such Specified Dollar Amount will be $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes. Such change in the Default Settlement Method or irrevocable election shall apply for all conversions of
Notes with Conversion Dates occurring subsequent to delivery of such notice; provided, however, that no such change in the Default Settlement Method or irrevocable election will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be
elected) with respect to any Note. For the avoidance of doubt, such an irrevocable election, if made by the Company, will be effective without the need to amend this Indenture or the Notes, including pursuant to Section 10.01(m). However, the
Company may nonetheless choose to execute such an amendment at its option. 

(v) The cash, shares of Common Stock or
combination of cash and shares of Common Stock in respect of any conversion of Notes (the Settlement Amount) shall be computed as follows: 

(A) if the Company elects (or is deemed to have elected) to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by
Physical Settlement, the Company shall deliver to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date; 

(B) if the Company elects (or is deemed to have elected) to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by
Cash Settlement, the Company shall pay to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted cash in an amount equal to the sum of the Daily Conversion Values for each of the 25 consecutive Trading Days during
the related Observation Period; and 

66 

(C) if the Company elects (or is deemed to have elected) to satisfy its
Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Combination Settlement, the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted, a Settlement Amount
equal to the sum of the Daily Settlement Amounts for each of the 25 consecutive Trading Days during the related Observation Period. 

(vi) The Daily Settlement Amounts (if applicable) and the Daily Conversion Values (if applicable) shall be determined by the
Company promptly following the last day of the Observation Period. Promptly after such determination of the Daily Settlement Amounts or the Daily Conversion Values, as the case may be, and the amount of cash payable in lieu of delivering any
fractional share of Common Stock, the Company shall notify the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee), in writing, of the Daily Settlement Amounts or the Daily Conversion Values, as the case may be, and the amount of cash
payable in lieu of delivering fractional shares of Common Stock. The Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) shall have no responsibility for any such determination. 

(b) Subject to Section 14.02(e), before any Holder of a Note shall be entitled to convert a Note as set forth above, such Holder shall
(i) in the case of a Global Note, comply with the applicable procedures of the Depositary in effect at that time and, if required, pay funds equal to interest payable on the next Interest Payment Date to which such Holder is not entitled as set
forth in Section 14.02(h) and (ii) in the case of a Physical Note (1) complete, manually sign and deliver an irrevocable notice to the Conversion Agent as set forth in the Form of Notice of Conversion (or a facsimile, PDF or other
electronic transmission thereof) (a notice pursuant to the applicable procedure of the Depositary or a notice as set forth in the Form of Notice of Conversion, a Notice of Conversion, which notice shall be irrevocable, in either
case) at the office of the Conversion Agent and state in writing therein the principal amount of Notes to be converted and the name or names (with addresses) in which such Holder wishes the certificate or certificates for any shares of Common Stock
to be delivered upon settlement of the Conversion Obligation to be registered, (2) surrender such Notes, duly endorsed to the Company or in blank (and accompanied by appropriate endorsement and transfer documents), at the office of the
Conversion Agent, (3) if required, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and (4) if required, pay funds equal to interest payable on the next Interest Payment Date to which such Holder is not entitled as set forth in
Section 14.02(h). The Trustee (and if different, the Conversion Agent) shall notify the Company of any conversion pursuant to this Article 14 on the Conversion Date for such conversion. No Notes may be surrendered for conversion by a Holder
thereof if such Holder has also delivered a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice to the Company in respect of such Notes and has not validly withdrawn such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with Section 15.03. 

If more than one Note shall be surrendered for conversion at one time by the same Holder, the Conversion Obligation with respect to such Notes
shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (or specified portions thereof to the extent permitted thereby) so surrendered. 

67 

(c) A Note shall be deemed to have been converted immediately prior to the close of business
on the date (the Conversion Date) that the Holder has complied with the requirements set forth in subsection (b) above. Except as set forth in Section 14.03(b) and Section 14.07(a), the Company shall pay or deliver,
as the case may be, the consideration due in respect of the Conversion Obligation on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date, if the Company elects Physical Settlement (provided that, with respect to any
Conversion Date following the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date where Physical Settlement applies to the related conversion, the Company shall settle any such conversion on the Maturity Date) (or, if the Maturity Date is
not a Business Day, the next Business Day), and, for purposes of calculating the consideration due upon such conversion, the Conversion Date thereof will be deemed to occur on the second Scheduled Trading Day preceding the Maturity Date), or on the
second Business Day immediately following the last Trading Day of the Observation Period, in the case of any other Settlement Method. If any shares of Common Stock are due to a converting Holder, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued, and
deliver (if applicable) to the Conversion Agent or to such Holder, or such Holders nominee or nominees, the full number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder shall be entitled, in book-entry format through the Depositary, in
satisfaction of the Companys Conversion Obligation. 

(d) In case any Note shall be surrendered for partial conversion, the Company
shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to or upon the written order of the Holder of the Note so surrendered a new Note or Notes in authorized denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the unconverted portion of
the surrendered Note, without payment of any service charge by the converting Holder but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or similar
governmental charge required by law or that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such conversion being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such
conversion. 

(e) If a Holder submits a Note for conversion, the Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, any documentary, stamp or similar
issue or transfer tax due on the issue of any shares of Common Stock upon conversion, unless the tax is due because the Holder requests such shares to be issued in a name other than the Holders name, in which case the Holder shall pay that
tax. The Conversion Agent may refuse to deliver the certificates representing the shares of Common Stock being issued in a name other than the Holders name until the Trustee receives a sum sufficient to pay any tax that is due by such Holder
in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. 

(f) Except as provided in Section 14.04, no adjustment shall be made for
dividends on any shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion of any Note as provided in this Article 14. 

(g) Upon the conversion of
an interest in a Global Note, the Trustee, or the Custodian at the direction of the Trustee, shall make a notation on such Global Note as to the reduction in the principal amount represented thereby. The Company shall notify the Trustee, in writing,
of any conversion of Notes effected through any Conversion Agent other than the Trustee. 

68 

(h) Upon conversion, a Holder shall not receive any separate cash payment for accrued and
unpaid interest, if any, except as set forth below. The Companys settlement of the full Conversion Obligation shall be deemed to satisfy in full its obligation to pay the principal amount of the Note and accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
to, but not including, the relevant Conversion Date. As a result, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the relevant Conversion Date shall be deemed to be paid in full rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited. Upon a
conversion of Notes into a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, accrued and unpaid interest will be deemed to be paid first out of the cash paid upon such conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Notes are converted after the close
of business on a Regular Record Date and prior to the open of business on the corresponding Interest Payment Date, Holders of such Notes as of the close of business on such Regular Record Date will receive the full amount of interest payable on such
Notes on the corresponding Interest Payment Date notwithstanding the conversion. Notes surrendered for conversion during the period from the close of business on any Regular Record Date to the open of business on the immediately following Interest
Payment Date must be accompanied by funds equal to the amount of interest payable on the Notes so converted; provided that no such payment shall be required (1) for conversions following the close of business on the Regular Record Date
immediately preceding the Maturity Date; (2) if the Company has specified a Redemption Date that is after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the Business Day immediately following the corresponding Interest Payment Date; (3) if the
Company has specified a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date that is after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the Business Day immediately following the corresponding Interest Payment Date; or (4) to the extent of any Defaulted Amounts, if
any Defaulted Amounts exists at the time of conversion with respect to such Note. Therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, all Holders of record on the Regular Record Date immediately preceding the Maturity Date shall receive the full interest payment
due on the Maturity Date in cash regardless of whether their Notes have been converted following such Regular Record Date. 

(i) The Person
in whose name the shares of Common Stock shall be issuable upon conversion shall be treated as a stockholder of record as of the close of business on the relevant Conversion Date (if the Company elects to satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by
Physical Settlement) or the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation Period (if the Company elects to satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Combination Settlement), as the case may be. Upon a conversion of Notes, such Person shall no
longer be a Holder of such Notes surrendered for conversion. 

(j) The Company shall not issue any fractional share of Common Stock upon
conversion of the Notes and shall instead pay cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock issuable upon conversion based on the Daily VWAP for the relevant Conversion Date (or, if such Conversion Date is not a Trading Day, the
immediately preceding Trading Day), in the case of Physical Settlement, or based on the Daily VWAP for the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation Period, in the case of Combination Settlement. For each Note surrendered for conversion, if the
Company has elected (or is deemed to have elected) Combination Settlement, the full number of shares that shall be issued upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate Daily Settlement Amounts for the relevant Observation
Period and any fractional shares remaining after such computation shall be paid in cash. 

69 

Section 14.03. Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes Surrendered in
Connection with Make-Whole Fundamental Changes or a Notice of Redemption.

(a) If (i) the Effective Date of a Make-Whole
Fundamental Change occurs prior to the Maturity Date and a Holder elects to convert its Notes in connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change or (ii) the Company delivers a Notice of Redemption with respect to any or all of the Notes as
provided under Section 16.02 and a Holder elects to convert its Called Notes (or any portion thereof) in connection with such Notice of Redemption, as the case may be, the Company shall, under the circumstances described below, increase the
Conversion Rate for the Notes so surrendered for conversion by a number of additional shares of Common Stock (the Additional Shares), as described below. A conversion of Notes shall be deemed for these purposes to be in
connection with such Make-Whole Fundamental Change if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the period from, and including, the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change up to, and including, the Business Day immediately prior
to the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (or, in the case of an Exempted Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change that would have been a Fundamental Change but for the proviso in clause (b) of the definition thereof, the
35th Trading Day immediately following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change) (such period, the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period). A conversion of Notes will be deemed for these purposes to be in
connection with a Notice of Redemption if the relevant Conversion Date with respect to Called Notes occurs during the related Redemption Period. 

(b) For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall increase the Conversion Rate in connection with a Notice of Redemption only with respect to
conversions of Called Notes, and not for Notes that are not Called Notes. Accordingly, if the Company elects to redeem less than all of the outstanding Notes as described under Article 16, Holders of Notes that are not Called Notes shall not be
entitled to convert such Notes on account of the Notice of Redemption and shall not be entitled to an increased Conversion Rate for conversions of such Notes (on account of the Notice of Redemption) during the related Redemption Period. 

(b) Upon surrender of Notes for conversion in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or upon surrender of Called Notes in connection
with a Notice of Redemption, the Company shall, at its option, satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement in accordance with Section 14.02; provided, however, that
if, at the effective time of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Reference Property following such Make-Whole Fundamental Change is composed entirely of cash, for any conversion
of Notes following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, the Conversion Obligation shall be calculated based solely on the Stock Price for the transaction and shall be deemed to be an amount of cash per $1,000 principal amount of
converted Notes equal to the Conversion Rate (including any increase to reflect the Additional Shares), multiplied by such Stock Price. In such event, the Conversion Obligation shall be determined and paid to Holders in cash on the second
Business Day following the Conversion Date. The Company shall notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing of the Effective Date of any Make-Whole Fundamental Change no later than five Business Days
after such Effective Date. 

70 

(c) The number of Additional Shares, if any, by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased
for conversions in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or a Notice of Redemption shall be determined by reference to the table below, based on the date on which the Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs or becomes effective or the date
the Company delivers the Notice of Redemption, as the case may be (in each case, the Effective Date), and the price (the Stock Price) paid (or deemed to be paid) per share of the Common Stock in the Make-Whole
Fundamental Change or determined with respect to the Notice of Redemption, as the case may be. If the holders of the Common Stock receive in exchange for their Common Stock only cash in a Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of
the definition of Fundamental Change, the Stock Price shall be the cash amount paid per share. Otherwise, the Stock Price shall be the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the five consecutive Trading Day period ending
on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the applicable Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change or the date of delivery of the Notice of Redemption, as the case may be. If a conversion of Called Notes during a Redemption
Period would also be deemed to be in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change, a Holder of any such Notes to be converted will be entitled to a single increase to the Conversion Rate with respect to the first to occur of the Effective Date of
the Notice of Redemption or the Make-Whole Fundamental Change, as applicable, and the later event shall be deemed not to have occurred for purposes of this Section 14.03. 

(d) The Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table below shall be adjusted as of any date on which the Conversion Rate of the
Notes is otherwise adjusted. The adjusted Stock Prices shall equal the Stock Prices applicable immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such adjustment
giving rise to the Stock Price adjustment and the denominator of which is the Conversion Rate as so adjusted. The number of Additional Shares set forth in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the Conversion
Rate as set forth in Section 14.04. 

71 

(e) The following table sets forth the number of Additional Shares by which the Conversion
Rate shall be increased per $1,000 principal amount of Notes pursuant to this Section 14.03 for each Stock Price and Effective Date set forth below: 

Stock Price 

Effective Date $14.01 $15.25 $16.75 $18.21 $20.00 $23.68 $30.00 $40.00 $70.00 $100.00 $170.00 

March 13, 2025 16.4717 13.6990 11.1290 9.2252 7.4630 5.0971 3.0353 1.6830 0.5451 0.2156 0.0000 

March 15, 2026 16.4717 13.4328 10.6997 8.7024 6.8845 4.5173 2.5697 1.3900 0.4584 0.1836 0.0000 

March 15, 2027 16.4717 12.9233 10.0030 7.9094 6.0495 3.7361 1.9923 1.0533 0.3594 0.1451 0.0000 

March 15, 2028 16.4717 12.2380 9.0412 6.8144 4.9155 2.7327 1.3253 0.6985 0.2523 0.1026 0.0000 

March 15, 2029 16.4717 11.2839 7.5743 5.1258 3.2220 1.4177 0.6087 0.3453 0.1337 0.0545 0.0000 

March 15, 2030 16.4717 10.6682 4.7958 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 

The exact Stock Price and Effective Date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case: 

(i) if the Stock Price is between two Stock Prices in the table above or the Effective Date is between two Effective Dates in
the table, the number of Additional Shares by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased shall be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of Additional Shares set forth for the higher and lower Stock Prices and the earlier
and later Effective Dates, as applicable, based on a 365-day year; 

(ii) if the
Stock Price is greater than $170.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the
Conversion Rate; and 

(iii) if the Stock Price is less than $14.01 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as
the Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Conversion Rate per $1,000 principal amount of Notes exceed 71.3775 shares of Common Stock, subject to
adjustment in the same manner as the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 14.04. 

(f) Nothing in this Section 14.03 shall prevent
an adjustment to the Conversion Rate that would otherwise be required pursuant to Section 14.04 in respect of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change. 

Section 14.04. Adjustment of Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate shall be adjusted from time to time by the Company if any of the
following events occurs, except that the Company shall not make any adjustments to the Conversion Rate if Holders of the Notes participate (other than in the case of (x) a share split or share combination or (y) a tender or exchange
offer), at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the Notes, in any of the transactions described in this Section 14.04, without having to convert their Notes, as if they held a
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder. 

72 

(a) If the Company exclusively issues shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution
on shares of the Common Stock, or if the Company effects a share split or share combination, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula: 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date of such dividend or distribution, or immediately prior to the open of business on the
Effective Date of such share split or share combination, as applicable;

CR = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date, as applicable;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date, as applicable (before giving effect to any such
dividend, distribution, split or combination); and

OS = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination.

Any adjustment made under this Section 14.04(a) shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately after the open of business on the Effective Date for such share split or share combination, as applicable. If any dividend or distribution of the
type described in this Section 14.04(a) is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay such dividend or distribution, to the
Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. 

(b) If the Company distributes to
all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than pursuant to a stockholder rights plan) entitling them, for a period of not more than 60 calendar days after the announcement date of such distribution,
to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day
immediately preceding the date of announcement of such distribution, the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula: 

73 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

X = the total number of shares of Common Stock distributable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants; and

Y = the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants, divided by the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive
Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of the distribution of such rights, options or warrants.

Any increase made under this Section 14.04(b) shall be made successively whenever any such rights, options or warrants
are distributed and shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. To the extent that shares of the Common Stock are not delivered after the
expiration of such rights, options or warrants, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase with respect to the distribution of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis
of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered. If such rights, options or warrants are not so distributed, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution had not occurred. 

For purposes of this Section 14.04(b) and
for the purpose of Section 14.01(b)(ii)(A), in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle the holders of Common Stock to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than such average
of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such distribution, and in determining the aggregate offering
price of such shares of Common Stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration received by the Company for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise or conversion thereof, the value of such consideration, if
other than cash, to be determined by the Company in good faith. 

(c) If the Company distributes shares of its Capital Stock, evidences of
its indebtedness, other assets or property of the Company or rights, options or warrants to acquire its Capital Stock or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, excluding (i) dividends, distributions or
issuances (including share splits) as to which an adjustment was effected pursuant to Section 14.04(a) or Section 14.04(b), (ii) except as otherwise provided in Section 14.11, rights issued pursuant to any stockholder rights plan of
the 

74 

Company then in effect, (iii) distributions of Reference Property in exchange for, or upon conversion of, Common Stock in a Share Exchange Event, (iv) dividends or distributions paid
exclusively in cash as to which the provisions set forth in Section 14.04(d) shall apply, and (v) Spin-Offs as to which the provisions set forth below in this Section 14.04(c) shall apply (any of such shares of Capital Stock,
evidences of indebtedness, other assets or property or rights, options or warrants to acquire Capital Stock or other securities, the Distributed Property), then the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following
formula: 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

SP0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend
Date for such distribution; and

FMV = the fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith) of the Distributed Property with respect to each outstanding share of the Common Stock on the Ex-Dividend Date for such
distribution.

Any increase made under the portion of this Section 14.04(c) above shall become effective immediately after the open of
business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such
distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if FMV (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing
increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount thereof, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock receive the Distributed Property, the amount and kind of Distributed Property
such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Ex-Dividend Date for the distribution. 

With respect to an adjustment pursuant to this Section 14.04(c) where there has been a payment of a dividend or other distribution on the
Common Stock of shares of Capital Stock of any class or series, or similar equity interest, of or relating to a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Company, that are, or, when issued, will be, listed or admitted for trading on a U.S. national
securities exchange (a Spin-Off), the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula: 

75 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the end of the Valuation Period;

CR = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the end of the Valuation Period;

FMV0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Capital Stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of the Common Stock applicable to one share of the Common Stock (determined by reference to the definition of
Last Reported Sale Price as set forth in Section 1.01 as if references therein to Common Stock were to such Capital Stock or similar equity interest) over the first 10 consecutive Trading Day period after, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of the Spin-Off (the Valuation Period); and

MP0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the Valuation Period.

The increase to the Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph shall occur at the close of business on the
last Trading Day of the Valuation Period; provided that (x) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Physical Settlement is applicable, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the Valuation Period, the reference to
10 in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of such
Spin-Off to, and including, the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate and (y) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable, for any
Trading Day that falls within the relevant Observation Period for such conversion and within the Valuation Period, the reference to 10 in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as
have elapsed from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of such Spin-Off to, and including, such Trading Day in determining the Conversion Rate as of such Trading Day of
such Observation Period. If any dividend or distribution that constitutes a Spin-Off is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be immediately decreased, effective as of the date the Board
of Directors determines not to pay or make such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared or announced. 

For purposes of this Section 14.04(c) (and subject in all respect to Section 14.11), rights, options or warrants distributed by the
Company to all holders of the Common Stock entitling them to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Companys Capital Stock, including Common Stock (either initially or under certain circumstances), which rights, options or warrants, until the
occurrence of a specified event or events (Trigger Event): (i) are deemed to be transferred with such shares of the Common Stock; (ii) are not exercisable; and (iii) are also issued in respect of future issuances of the
Common Stock, shall be deemed not to have been distributed for purposes of this Section 14.04(c) (and no adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this 

76 

Section 14.04(c) will be required) until the occurrence of the earliest Trigger Event, whereupon such rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to have been distributed and an appropriate
adjustment (if any is required) to the Conversion Rate shall be made under this Section 14.04(c). If any such right, option or warrant, including any such existing rights, options or warrants distributed prior to the date of this Indenture, are
subject to events, upon the occurrence of which such rights, options or warrants become exercisable to purchase different securities, evidences of indebtedness or other assets, then the date of the occurrence of any and each such event shall be
deemed to be the date of distribution and Ex-Dividend Date with respect to new rights, options or warrants with such rights (in which case the existing rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to terminate
and expire on such date without exercise by any of the holders thereof). In addition, in the event of any distribution (or deemed distribution) of rights, options or warrants, or any Trigger Event or other event (of the type described in the
immediately preceding sentence) with respect thereto that was counted for purposes of calculating a distribution amount for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(c) was made, (1) in the case of any such
rights, options or warrants that shall all have been redeemed or purchased without exercise by any holders thereof, upon such final redemption or purchase (x) the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options or warrants had
not been issued and (y) the Conversion Rate shall then again be readjusted to give effect to such distribution, deemed distribution or Trigger Event, as the case may be, as though it were a cash distribution, equal to the per share redemption
or purchase price received by a holder or holders of Common Stock with respect to such rights, options or warrants (assuming such holder had retained such rights, options or warrants), made to all holders of Common Stock as of the date of such
redemption or purchase, and (2) in the case of such rights, options or warrants that shall have expired or been terminated without exercise by any holders thereof, the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options and warrants
had not been issued. 

For purposes of Section 14.04(a), Section 14.04(b) and this Section 14.04(c), if any dividend or
distribution to which this Section 14.04(c) is applicable also includes one or both of: 

(A) a dividend or distribution of shares of
Common Stock to which Section 14.04(a) is applicable (the Clause A Distribution); or 

(B) a dividend or
distribution of rights, options or warrants to which Section 14.04(b) is applicable (the Clause B Distribution), 

then, in either
case, (1) such dividend or distribution, other than the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution, shall be deemed to be a dividend or distribution to which this Section 14.04(c) is applicable (the Clause C
Distribution) and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by this Section 14.04(c) with respect to such Clause C Distribution shall then be made, and (2) the Clause A Distribution and Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to
immediately follow the Clause C Distribution and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by Section 14.04(a) and Section 14.04(b) with respect thereto shall then be made, except that, if determined by the Company (I) the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to be the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause C Distribution and
(II) any shares of Common Stock included in the Clause A Distribution or Clause B Distribution shall be deemed not to be outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date within the
meaning of Section 14.04(a) or outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date within the meaning of Section 14.04(b). 

77 

(d) If the Company makes any cash dividend or distribution to all or substantially all
holders of the Common Stock, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula: 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

CR = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

SP0 = the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution; and

C = the amount in cash per share the Company distributes to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock.

Any increase pursuant to this Section 14.04(d) shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to make or
pay such dividend or distribution, to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if C (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes it holds, at the same time and upon the same terms as
holders of shares of the Common Stock, the amount of cash that such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate on the Ex-Dividend Date for
such cash dividend or distribution. 

(e) If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries make a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer
for the Common Stock that is subject to the then applicable tender offer rules under the Exchange Act (other than any odd-lot tender offer), to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration
included in the payment per share of the Common Stock exceeds the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the last date on
which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula: 

78 

where, 

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires;

CR = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires;

AC = the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by the Company in good faith) paid or payable for shares of Common Stock purchased in such tender or exchange offer;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the date such tender or exchange offer expires (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such
tender or exchange offer);

OS = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the date such tender or exchange offer expires (after giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender
or exchange offer); and

SP = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires.

The increase to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(e) shall occur at the close of business on
the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires; provided that (x) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Physical Settlement is
applicable, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of any tender or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10th
in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date that such tender or exchange offer expires to, and including, the Conversion
Date in determining the Conversion Rate and (y) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable, for any Trading Day that falls within the relevant Observation Period for such conversion
and within the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of any tender or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10th in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed
replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of such tender or exchange offer to, and including, such Trading Day in determining the Conversion Rate as of
such Trading Day of such Observation Period. 

79 

If the Company or one of its Subsidiaries is obligated to purchase shares of Common Stock
pursuant to any such tender or exchange offer described in this Section 14.04(e) but the Company or such Subsidiary is permanently prevented by applicable law from effecting any such purchase or all such purchases are rescinded, the Conversion
Rate shall be readjusted to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such tender or exchange offer had not been made or had been made only in respect of the purchases that have been made. 

(f) Notwithstanding this Section 14.04 or any other provision of this Indenture or the Notes, if a Conversion Rate adjustment becomes
effective on any Ex-Dividend Date, and a Holder that has converted its Notes on or after such Ex-Dividend Date and on or prior to the related Record Date would be
treated as the record holder of the shares of Common Stock as of the related Conversion Date as described under Section 14.02(i) based on an adjusted Conversion Rate for such Ex-Dividend Date, then,
notwithstanding the Conversion Rate adjustment provisions in this Section 14.04, the Conversion Rate adjustment relating to such Ex-Dividend Date shall not be made for such converting Holder. Instead,
such Holder shall be treated as if such Holder were the record owner of the shares of Common Stock on an unadjusted basis and participate in the related dividend, distribution or other event giving rise to such adjustment. 

(g) Except as stated herein, the Company shall not adjust the Conversion Rate for the issuance of shares of the Common Stock or any securities
convertible into or exchangeable for shares of the Common Stock or the right to purchase shares of the Common Stock or such convertible or exchangeable securities. 

(h) In addition to those adjustments required by clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of this Section 14.04, and subject to applicable
exchange listing rules, the Company from time to time may increase the Conversion Rate by any amount for a period of at least 20 Business Days if the Company determines that such increase would be in the Companys best interest. In addition,
subject to applicable exchange listing rules, the Company may (but is not required to) increase the Conversion Rate to avoid or diminish any income tax to holders of Common Stock or rights to purchase shares of Common Stock in connection with a
dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock (or rights to acquire shares of Common Stock) or similar event. 

(i) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Article 14, the Conversion Rate shall not be adjusted: 

(i) upon the issuance of any
shares of Common Stock at a price below the Conversion Price or otherwise, other than any such issuance described in clause (a), (b), (c) or (e) of this Section 14.04; 

80 

(ii) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present
or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the Companys securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under any plan; 

(iii) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase those shares pursuant to any present or
future employee, director or consultant benefit or incentive plan or program (including pursuant to any evergreen plan) of or assumed by the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries; 

(iv) upon the issuance of any shares of the Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable or
convertible security not described in clause (iii) of this subsection and outstanding as of the date the Notes were first issued; 

(v) for a third-party tender offer by any party other than a tender offer by one or more of the Companys Subsidiaries as
described in clause (e) of this Section 14.04; 

(vi) upon the repurchase of any shares of Common Stock pursuant
to an open market share purchase program or other buy-back transaction, including structured or derivative transactions such as accelerated share repurchase transactions or similar forward derivatives, or
other buy-back transaction, that is not a tender offer or exchange offer of the kind described under clause (e) of this Section 14.04; 

(vii) solely for a change in the par value (or lack of par value) of the Common Stock; or 

(viii) for accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 

(j) All calculations and other determinations under this Article 14 shall be made by the Company and shall be made to the nearest one-ten thousandth (1/10,000th) of a share. 

(k) If an adjustment to the Conversion Rate otherwise
required by this Section 14.04 would result in a change of less than 1% to the Conversion Rate, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, at its election, defer and carry forward such adjustment, except that all such deferred
adjustments must be given effect immediately upon the earliest to occur of the following: (i) when all such deferred adjustments would result in an aggregate change of at least 1% to the Conversion Rate, (ii) on the Conversion Date for any
Notes (in the case of Physical Settlement), (iii) on each Trading Day of any Observation Period related to any conversion of Notes (in the case of Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement), (iv) December 15, 2029, (v) on any date on which the
Company delivers a Notice of Redemption and (vi) on the effective date of any Fundamental Change and/or Make-Whole Fundamental Change, in each case, unless the adjustment has already been made. 

(l) Whenever the Conversion Rate is adjusted as herein provided, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee (and the Conversion Agent if
not the Trustee) an Officers Certificate setting forth the Conversion Rate after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have
received such Officers Certificate, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have 

81 

knowledge of any adjustment of the Conversion Rate and may assume without inquiry that the last Conversion Rate of which it has knowledge is still in effect. Promptly after delivery of such
certificate, the Company shall prepare a notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate setting forth the adjusted Conversion Rate and the date on which each adjustment becomes effective and shall deliver such notice of such adjustment of the
Conversion Rate to each Holder. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of any such adjustment. 

(m) For
purposes of this Section 14.04, the number of shares of Common Stock at any time outstanding shall not include shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company so long as the Company does not pay any dividend or make any distribution
on shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company, but shall include shares of Common Stock issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions of shares of Common Stock. 

Section 14.05. Adjustments of Prices. Whenever any provision of this Indenture requires the Company to calculate the Last Reported
Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values or the Daily Settlement Amounts over a span of multiple days (including, without limitation, an Observation Period and the period, if any, for determining the Stock Price for purposes of a
Make-Whole Fundamental Change or a Notice of Redemption), the Company shall, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, make appropriate adjustments (without duplication in respect of any adjustment made pursuant to Section 14.04)
to each to account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date, Effective Date or expiration date,
as the case may be, of the event occurs at any time during the period when the Last Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values or the Daily Settlement Amounts are to be calculated. 

Section 14.06. Shares to Be Fully Paid. The Company shall provide, free from preemptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued
shares or shares held in treasury, sufficient shares of Common Stock to provide for conversion of the Notes from time to time as such Notes are presented for conversion (assuming delivery of the maximum number of Additional Shares pursuant to
Section 14.03 and that at the time of computation of such number of shares, all such Notes would be converted by a single Holder and that Physical Settlement were applicable). 

Section 14.07. Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock.

(a) In the case of: 

(i) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than a change to par value, or from par value
to no par value, or changes resulting from a subdivision or combination), 

(ii) any consolidation, merger, combination or
similar transaction involving the Company, 

82 

(iii) any sale, lease or other transfer to a third party of the consolidated
assets of the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries substantially as an entirety or 

(iv) any statutory share
exchange, 

in each case, as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or
assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (any such event, a Share Exchange Event), then, at and after the effective time of such Share Exchange Event, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be
changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock
equal to the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Share Exchange Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the Reference Property, with each unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount
of Reference Property that a holder of one share of Common Stock is entitled to receive) upon such Share Exchange Event and, prior to or at the effective time of such Share Exchange Event, the Company or the successor or acquiring Person, as the
case may be, shall execute with the Trustee a supplemental indenture permitted under Section 10.01(g) providing for such change in the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes; provided, however, that at and after
the effective time of the Share Exchange Event (A) the Company or the successor or acquiring company, as the case may be, shall continue to have the right to determine the form of consideration to be paid or delivered, as the case may be, upon
conversion of Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 and (B) (I) any amount payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 shall continue to be payable in cash, (II) any shares of Common Stock that
the Company would have been required to deliver upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 shall instead be deliverable in the amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would
have received in such Share Exchange Event and (III) the Daily VWAP shall be calculated based on the value of a unit of Reference Property that a holder of one share of Common Stock would have received in such Share Exchange Event. 

If the Share Exchange Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of
consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), then (i) the Reference Property into which the Notes will be convertible shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration
actually received by the holders of Common Stock, and (ii) the unit of Reference Property for purposes of the immediately preceding paragraph shall refer to the consideration referred to in clause (i) attributable to one share of Common
Stock. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing of such weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination is made. If the holders of the Common Stock receive only
cash in such Share Exchange Event, then for all conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs after the effective date of such Share Exchange Event (A) the consideration due upon conversion of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes
shall be solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be increased by any Additional Shares pursuant to Section 14.03), multiplied by the price paid per share of Common Stock in such
Share Exchange Event and (B) the Company shall satisfy the Conversion Obligation by paying cash to converting Holders on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date. 

83 

If the Reference Property in respect of any such Share Exchange Event includes, in whole or
in part, shares of Common Equity or American depositary receipts (or other interests) in respect thereof, the supplemental indenture described in the second immediately preceding paragraph shall provide for anti-dilution and other adjustments that
shall be as nearly equivalent as is possible to the adjustments provided for in this Article 14 with respect to the portion of the Reference Property consisting of such Common Equity or American depositary receipts (or other interests) in respect
thereof. If, in the case of any Share Exchange Event, the Reference Property includes shares of stock, securities or other property or assets (including any combination thereof), other than cash and/or cash equivalents, of a Person other than the
Company or the successor or acquiring Person, as the case may be, in such Share Exchange Event, then such supplemental indenture shall also be executed by such other Person, if such Person is an Affiliate of the Company or the successor or acquiring
Person, and shall contain such additional provisions to protect the interests of the Holders as the Company shall in good faith reasonably consider necessary by reason of the foregoing, including the provisions providing for the purchase rights set
forth in Article 15. 

(b) When the Company executes a supplemental indenture pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 14.07,
the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee an Officers Certificate briefly stating the reasons therefor, the kind or amount of cash, securities or property or asset that will comprise a unit of Reference Property after any such Share
Exchange Event, any adjustment to be made with respect thereto and that all conditions precedent have been complied with, and shall promptly deliver or cause to be delivered notice thereof to all Holders. The Company shall cause notice of the
execution of such supplemental indenture to be delivered to each Holder within 20 days after execution thereof. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of such supplemental indenture. 

(c) The Company shall not become a party to any Share Exchange Event unless its terms are consistent with this Section 14.07. None of the
foregoing provisions shall affect the right of a Holder of Notes to convert its Notes into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, as set forth in Section 14.01 and Section 14.02
prior to the effective date of such Share Exchange Event. 

(d) The above provisions of this Section shall similarly apply to successive
Share Exchange Events. 

Section 14.08. Certain Covenants. (a) The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock
issued upon conversion of Notes will be fully paid and non-assessable by the Company and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof. 

(b) The Company covenants that, if any shares of Common Stock to be provided for the purpose of conversion of Notes hereunder require
registration with or approval of any governmental authority under any federal or state law before such shares of Common Stock may be validly issued upon conversion, the Company will, to the extent then permitted by the rules and interpretations of
the Commission, secure such registration or approval, as the case may be. 

84 

(c) The Company further covenants that if at any time the Common Stock shall be listed on
any national securities exchange or automated quotation system the Company will list and keep listed, so long as the Common Stock shall be so listed on such exchange or automated quotation system, any Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the
Notes. 

Section 14.09. Responsibility of Trustee. The Trustee and any other Conversion Agent shall not, at any time, be under
any duty or responsibility to any Holder to determine the Conversion Rate (or any adjustment thereto) or whether any facts exist that may require any adjustment (including any increase) of the Conversion Rate, or with respect to the nature or extent
or calculation of any such adjustment when made, or with respect to the method employed, or herein or in any supplemental indenture provided to be employed, in making the same. The Trustee and any other Conversion Agent shall not be accountable with
respect to the validity or value (or the kind or amount) of any shares of Common Stock, or of any securities, property or cash that may at any time be issued or delivered upon the conversion of any Note; and the Trustee and any other Conversion
Agent make no representations with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be responsible for any failure of the Company to issue, transfer or deliver any shares of Common Stock or stock certificates or other securities
or property or cash upon the surrender of any Note for the purpose of conversion or to comply with any of the duties, responsibilities or covenants of the Company contained in this Article 14. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be under any responsibility to determine the correctness of any provisions contained in any supplemental indenture entered into pursuant to Section 14.07 relating either to the kind or amount
of shares of stock or securities or property (including cash) receivable by Holders upon the conversion of their Notes after any event referred to in such Section 14.07 or to any adjustment to be made with respect thereto, but, subject to the
provisions of Section 7.01, may accept (without any independent investigation) as conclusive evidence of the correctness of any such provisions, and shall be protected in relying upon, the Officers Certificate (which the Company shall be
obligated to file with the Trustee prior to the execution of any such supplemental indenture) with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall be responsible for determining whether any event contemplated by
Section 14.01(b) has occurred that makes the Notes eligible for conversion or no longer eligible therefor until the Company has delivered to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent the notices referred to in Section 14.01(b) with respect to
the commencement or termination of such conversion rights, on which notices the Trustee and the Conversion Agent may conclusively rely, and the Company agrees to deliver such notices to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent immediately after the
occurrence of any such event or at such other times as shall be provided for in Section 14.01(b). 

Section 14.10. Notice to
Holders Prior to Certain Actions. In case of any: 

(a) action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries that would require an
adjustment in the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 14.04 or Section 14.11; or 

85 

(b) voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or
winding-up of the Company; 

then, in each case (unless notice of such event is otherwise required pursuant to
another provision of this Indenture), the Company shall notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing, as promptly as possible but in any event at least 10 days prior to the applicable date
hereinafter specified, a notice stating (i) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or, if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of Common Stock
of record are to be determined for the purposes of such action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) the date on which such dissolution, liquidation or winding-up is expected to become
effective or occur, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their Common Stock for securities or other property deliverable upon such dissolution, liquidation or winding-up. Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of such action by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, dissolution, liquidation or winding-up.

Section 14.11. Stockholder Rights Plans. If the Company has a stockholder
rights plan in effect upon conversion of the Notes, each share of Common Stock, if any, issued upon such conversion shall be entitled to receive the appropriate number of rights, if any, and the certificates representing the Common Stock issued upon
such conversion shall bear such legends, if any, in each case as may be provided by the terms of any such stockholder rights plan, as the same may be amended from time to time. However, if, prior to any conversion of Notes, the rights have separated
from the shares of Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the applicable stockholder rights plan, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted at the time of separation as if the Company distributed to all or substantially all holders of the
Common Stock Distributed Property as provided in Section 14.04(c), subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such rights. 

Section 14.12. Exchange in Lieu of Conversion.

(a) When a Holder surrenders its Notes for conversion, the Company may, at its election (an Exchange Election), direct the
Conversion Agent to deliver, on or prior to the Trading Day immediately following the Conversion Date, such Notes to one or more financial institutions designated by the Company (each, a Designated Financial Institution) for
exchange in lieu of conversion. In order to accept any Notes surrendered for conversion, the Designated Financial Institution(s) must agree to timely pay and/or deliver, as the case may be, in exchange for such Notes, the cash, shares of Common
Stock or combination thereof that would otherwise be due upon conversion pursuant to Section 14.02 or such other amount agreed to by the Holder and the Designated Financial Institution(s) (the Conversion Consideration). If
the Company makes an Exchange Election, the Company shall, by the close of business on the Trading Day following the relevant Conversion Date, notify in writing the Trustee, the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) and the Holder
surrendering Notes for conversion that the Company has made the Exchange Election, and the Company shall promptly notify the Designated Financial Institution(s) of the relevant deadline for delivery of the Conversion Consideration and the type of
Conversion Consideration to be paid and/or delivered, as the case may be. 

86 

(b) Any Notes delivered to the Designated Financial Institution(s) shall remain outstanding,
subject to the applicable procedures of the Depositary. If the Designated Financial Institution(s) agree(s) to accept any Notes for exchange but does not timely pay and/or deliver, as the case may be, the related Conversion Consideration, or if such
Designated Financial Institution(s) does not accept the Notes for exchange, the Company shall pay and/or deliver, as the case may be, the relevant Conversion Consideration, as, and at the time, required pursuant to this Indenture as if the Company
had not made the Exchange Election. 

(c) The Companys designation of any Designated Financial Institution(s) to which the Notes may
be submitted for exchange does not require such Designated Financial Institution(s) to accept any Notes. 

ARTICLE 15 

REPURCHASEOF NOTESAT OPTIONOF
HOLDERS

Section 15.01. [Intentionally Omitted].

Section 15.02. Repurchaseat Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change.

(a) Subject to Section 15.02(f), if a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change) occurs at any time prior to the
Maturity Date, each Holder shall have the right, at such Holders option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holders Notes, or any portion of the principal amount thereof properly surrendered and not validly
withdrawn pursuant to Section 15.03 that is equal to $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000, on the date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) specified by the Company that is not less than 20 Business Days or more than
35 Business Days following the date of the Fundamental Change Company Notice at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change Repurchase
Date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price), unless the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date falls after a Regular Record Date but on or prior to the Interest Payment Date to which such Regular Record Date relates, in which case
the Company shall instead pay the full amount of accrued and unpaid interest to Holders of record as of the close of business on such Regular Record Date on, or at the Companys election, before, such Interest Payment Date, and the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price shall be equal to 100% of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased pursuant to this Article 15. 

(b)
Repurchases of Notes under this Section 15.02 shall be made, at the option of the Holder thereof, upon: 

(i) delivery
to the Paying Agent by a Holder of a duly completed notice (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice) in the form set forth in Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A, if the Notes are Physical Notes, or in
compliance with the Depositarys applicable procedures for surrendering interests in Global Notes, if the Notes are Global Notes, in each case, on or before the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date; and 

87 

(ii) delivery of the Notes, if the Notes are Physical Notes, to the Paying
Agent at any time after delivery of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice (together with all necessary endorsements for transfer) at the Corporate Trust Office of the Paying Agent, or book-entry transfer of the Notes, if the Notes are Global
Notes, in compliance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary, in each case, such delivery or transfer being a condition to receipt by the Holder of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price therefor. 

The Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in respect of any Physical Notes to be repurchased shall state: 

(i) the certificate numbers of the Notes to be delivered for repurchase; 

(ii) the portion of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased, which must be $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof; and

(iii) that the Notes are to be repurchased by the Company pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Notes and this
Indenture. 

If the Notes are Global Notes, to exercise the Fundamental Change repurchase right, Holders must surrender their Notes in accordance with
applicable Depositary procedures. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Holder delivering to the Paying Agent the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice contemplated by this Section 15.02 shall have the right to withdraw, in whole or in part, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately
preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date by delivery of a written notice of withdrawal to the Paying Agent in accordance with Section 15.03. 

The Paying Agent shall promptly notify the Company of the receipt by it of any Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice or written notice of
withdrawal thereof. 

(c) On or before the 20th Business Day after the occurrence of the effective date of a Fundamental Change, the
Company shall provide to all Holders and the Trustee and the Paying Agent (in the case of a Paying Agent other than the Trustee) a written notice (the Fundamental Change Company Notice) of the occurrence of the effective date of
the Fundamental Change and of the resulting repurchase right at the option of the Holders arising as a result thereof. In the case of Physical Notes, such notice shall be by first class mail or, in the case of Global Notes, such notice shall be
delivered in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. Each Fundamental Change Company Notice shall specify: 

(i) the events causing the Fundamental Change; 

(ii) the effective date of the Fundamental Change; 

88 

(iii) the last date on which a Holder may exercise the repurchase right
pursuant to this Article 15; 

(iv) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price; 

(v) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; 

(vi) the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent, if applicable; 

(vii) if applicable, the Conversion Rate and any adjustments to the Conversion Rate as a result of the Fundamental Change (or
related Make-Whole Fundamental Change); 

(viii) that the Notes with respect to which a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice
has been delivered by a Holder may be converted only if the Holder withdraws the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with the terms of this Indenture; and 

(ix) the procedures that Holders must follow to require the Company to repurchase their Notes. 

No failure of the Company to give the foregoing notices and no defect therein shall limit the Holders repurchase rights or affect the
validity of the proceedings for the repurchase of the Notes pursuant to this Section 15.02. 

At the Companys written request
given at least two (2) Business Days before such notice is to be sent (or such shorter period as shall be acceptable to the Trustee), the Trustee shall give such notice in the Companys name and at the Companys expense;
provided, however, that, in all cases, the text of such Fundamental Change Company Notice shall be prepared by the Company. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 15, the Company shall not be required to repurchase, or to make an offer to
repurchase, the Notes upon a Fundamental Change if a third party makes such an offer in the same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth in this Article 15 and such
third party purchases all Notes properly surrendered and not validly withdrawn under its offer in the same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth above. 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Notes may be repurchased by the Company on any date at the option of the Holders upon a Fundamental
Change if the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to such date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes). The Paying Agent will promptly return to the respective Holders thereof any Physical Notes held by it during 

89 

the acceleration of the Notes (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes),
or any instructions for book-entry transfer of the Notes in compliance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary shall be deemed to have been cancelled, and, upon such return or cancellation, as the case may be, the Fundamental Change
Repurchase Notice with respect thereto shall be deemed to have been withdrawn. 

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 15.02, the Company shall not be required to send a Fundamental Change Company Notice, or offer to repurchase or repurchase any Notes, as set forth in this Article 15, in connection with a Fundamental Change occurring pursuant to clause
(b)(A) or (B) (or pursuant to clause (a) that also constitutes a Fundamental Change occurring pursuant to clause (b)(A) or (B)) of the definition thereof, if: (i) such Fundamental Change constitutes a Share Exchange Event whose Reference
Property consists entirely of cash in U.S. dollars; (ii) immediately after such Fundamental Change, the Notes become convertible (pursuant to Section 14.07 and, if applicable, Section 14.03) into consideration that consists solely of
U.S. dollars in an amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes that equals or exceeds the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (calculated assuming that the same includes the maximum amount of accrued but unpaid
interest payable as part of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for such Fundamental Change); and (iii) the Company timely sends the notice relating to such Fundamental Change required pursuant to Section 14.01(b)(iii). Any Fundamental
Change with respect to which, in accordance with the provisions described in this Section 15.02(f), the Company is not required to offer to repurchase any Notes is referred to as herein as an Exempted Fundamental Change. 

Section 15.03. Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice. (a) A Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice may be
withdrawn (in whole or in part) in respect of Physical Notes by means of a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the Corporate Trust Office of the Paying Agent in accordance with this Section 15.03 at any time prior to the close of business
on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, specifying: 

(i) the principal amount of
the Notes with respect to which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, which must be $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof, 

(ii) the certificate number of the Note in respect of which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, and 

(iii) the principal amount, if any, of such Note that remains subject to the original Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice,
which portion must be in principal amounts of $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000; 

If the Notes are Global Notes, Holders must withdraw their Notes
subject to repurchase at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date in accordance with applicable procedures of the Depositary. 

90 

Section 15.04. Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. (a) The
Company will deposit with the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company, or if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, set aside, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 4.04) on or prior to 11:00 a.m., New York
City time, on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date an amount of money sufficient to repurchase all of the Notes to be repurchased at the appropriate Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Subject to receipt of funds and/or Notes by the Trustee (or
other Paying Agent appointed by the Company), payment for Notes surrendered for repurchase (and not validly withdrawn prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) will be made on
the later of (i) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (provided the Holder has satisfied the conditions in Section 15.02) and (ii) the time of book-entry transfer or the delivery of such Note to the Trustee (or other Paying
Agent appointed by the Company) by the Holder thereof in the manner required by Section 15.02 by mailing checks for the amount payable to the Holders of such Notes entitled thereto as they shall appear in the Note Register; provided,
however, that payments to the Depositary shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. The Trustee shall, promptly after such payment and upon written demand by the Company,
return to the Company any funds in excess of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. 

(b) If by 11:00 a.m. New York City time, on the
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company) holds money sufficient to pay the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price (and, to the extent not included in the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price,
accrued and unpaid interest, if applicable) of the Notes to be repurchased on such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, then, with respect to the Notes that have been properly surrendered for repurchase and have not been validly withdrawn,
(i) such Notes will cease to be outstanding, (ii) interest will cease to accrue on such Notes (whether or not book-entry transfer of the Notes has been made or whether or not the Notes have been delivered to the Trustee or Paying Agent)
and (iii) all other rights of the Holders of such Notes will terminate (other than the right to receive the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and, to the extent not included in the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, accrued and unpaid
interest, if applicable). 

(c) Upon surrender of a Note that is to be repurchased in part pursuant to Section 15.02, the Company
shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder a new Note in an authorized denomination equal in principal amount to the unrepurchased portion of the Note surrendered. 

Section 15.05. Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes. In connection with any repurchase offer upon a
Fundamental Change pursuant to this Article 15, the Company will, if required: 

(a) comply with the tender offer rules under the Exchange
Act that may then be applicable; 

(b) file a Schedule TO or any other required schedule under the Exchange Act; and 

91 

(c) otherwise comply in all material respects with all federal and state securities laws in
connection with any offer by the Company to repurchase the Notes; 

in each case, so as to permit the rights and obligations under this Article 15 to be
exercised in the time and in the manner specified in this Article 15. 

To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or
regulations enacted or adopted after the date of this Indenture conflict with the provisions of this Indenture relating to the Companys obligations to repurchase the Notes upon a Fundamental Change, the Company shall comply with the applicable
securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under such provisions of this Indenture by virtue of such conflict. 

ARTICLE 16 

OPTIONAL REDEMPTION

Section 16.01. Optional Redemption. The Notes shall not be redeemable by the Company prior to March 20, 2028. On or after
March 20, 2028, and prior to the 26th Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, the Company may redeem (an Optional Redemption) for cash all or any portion of the Notes (subject to the Partial Redemption
Limitation), at the Redemption Price, if the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock has been at least 130% of the Conversion Price then in effect for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive Trading Day
period (including the last Trading Day of such period) ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides the Notice of Redemption in accordance with Section 16.02. 

Section 16.02. Notice of Optional Redemption; Selection of Notes. 

(a) In case the Company exercises its Optional Redemption right to redeem all or, as the case may be, any part of the Notes pursuant to
Section 16.01, it shall fix a date for redemption (each, a Redemption Date) and it or, at its written request received by the Trustee not less than 5 Business Days prior to the date such Notice of Redemption is to be sent (or
such shorter period of time as may be acceptable to the Trustee), the Trustee, in the name of and at the expense of the Company, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a notice of such Optional Redemption (a Notice of Redemption)
not less than 30 nor more than 45 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Redemption Date to each Holder so to be redeemed as a whole or in part; provided, however, that, if the Company shall give such notice, it shall also give written
notice of the Redemption Date to the Trustee and the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee); providedfurther that if, in accordance with the provisions described in Section 14.02(a)(iii), the Company elects through delivery of
a Settlement Notice to settle all conversions of Called Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs during the related Redemption Period by Physical Settlement, then the Company may instead elect to choose a Redemption Date that is a Business Day not
less than 15 nor more than 45 calendar days after the date the Company sends such Notice of Redemption to each Holder so to be redeemed as a whole or in part. The Redemption Date must be a Business Day. 

92 

(b) The Notice of Redemption, if delivered in the manner herein provided, shall be
conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such Notice of Redemption or any defect in the Notice of Redemption to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption as a
whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Note. 

(c) Each Notice of Redemption
shall specify: 

(i) the Redemption Date; 

(ii) the Redemption Price; 

(iii) that on the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon each Note to be redeemed, and that
interest thereon, if any, shall cease to accrue on and after the Redemption Date; 

(iv) the place or places where such
Notes are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price; 

(v) that Holders of Called Notes may surrender their
Notes for conversion at any time prior to the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Redemption Date; 

(vi) the procedures a converting Holder must follow to convert its Called Notes and the Settlement Method and Specified Dollar
Amount, if applicable; 

(vii) the Conversion Rate and, if applicable, the number of Additional Shares added to the
Conversion Rate in accordance with Section 14.03; 

(viii) the CUSIP, ISIN or other similar numbers, if any, assigned
to such Notes; and 

(ix) in case any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the portion of the principal amount thereof to be
redeemed and on and after the Redemption Date, upon surrender of such Note, a new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof shall be issued. 

A Notice of Redemption shall be irrevocable. 

(d) If the Company elects to redeem fewer than all of the outstanding Notes, at least $100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes must be
outstanding and not subject to redemption as of the date of the relevant Redemption Notice (such requirement, the Partial Redemption Limitation). If fewer than all of the outstanding Notes are to be redeemed and the Notes to be
redeemed are Global Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the Depositary in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. If fewer than all of the outstanding Notes are to be redeemed and the Notes to be redeemed are
not Global Notes, the Trustee shall select the Notes or portions thereof to be redeemed (in principal amounts of $1,000 

93 

or multiples thereof) by lot, on a pro rata basis or by another method the Trustee considers to be fair and appropriate. If any Note selected for partial redemption is submitted for
conversion in part after such selection, the portion of the Note submitted for conversion shall be deemed (so far as may be possible) to be the portion selected for redemption, subject, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, to the
Depositarys applicable procedures. 

Section 16.03. Payment of Notes Called for Redemption. 

(a) If any Notice of Redemption has been given in respect of the Notes in accordance with Section 16.02, the Notes shall become due and
payable on the Redemption Date at the place or places stated in the Notice of Redemption and at the applicable Redemption Price. On presentation and surrender of the Notes at the place or places stated in the Notice of Redemption, the Notes shall be
paid and redeemed by the Company at the applicable Redemption Price. 

(b) Prior to 11:00 a.m. New York City time on the Redemption Date,
the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent or, if the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company is acting as the Paying Agent, shall segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 7.05 an amount of cash (in immediately available funds if
deposited on the Redemption Date), sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of all of the Notes to be redeemed on such Redemption Date. Subject to receipt of funds by the Paying Agent, payment for the Notes to be redeemed shall be made on the
Redemption Date for such Notes. The Paying Agent shall, promptly after such payment and upon written demand by the Company, return to the Company any funds in excess of the Redemption Price. 

Section 16.04. Restrictions on Redemption. The Company may not redeem any Notes on any date if the principal amount of the Notes
has been accelerated in accordance with the terms of this Indenture, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to the Redemption Date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of
the Redemption Price with respect to such Notes). 

ARTICLE 17 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

Section 17.01. Provisions Binding on Companys Successors. All the covenants, stipulations, promises and
agreements of the Company contained in this Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns whether so expressed or not. 

Section 17.02. Official Acts by Successor Company. Any act or proceeding by any provision of this Indenture authorized or required
to be done or performed by any board, committee or Officer of the Company shall and may be done and performed with like force and effect by the like board, committee or officer of any corporation or other entity that shall at the time be the lawful
sole successor of the Company. 

94 

Section 17.03. Addresses for Notices, Etc. Any notice or demand that by any
provision of this Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Holders on the Company shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes if given or served by overnight courier or by being
deposited postage prepaid by registered or certified mail in a post office letter box addressed (until another address is filed by the Company with the Trustee) to Dynavax Technologies Corporation, 2100 Powell Street, Suite 900, Emeryville, CA
94608, Attention: Chief Financial Officer. Any notice, direction, request or demand hereunder to or upon the Trustee shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes, if given or served by being deposited postage prepaid by
registered or certified mail in a post office letter box addressed to the Corporate Trust Office or sent electronically in PDF format to an email address specified by the Trustee. 

The Trustee, by notice to the Company, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications. 

Any notice or communication delivered or to be delivered to a Holder of Physical Notes shall be mailed to it by first class mail, postage
prepaid, at its address as it appears on the Note Register and shall be sufficiently given to it if so mailed within the time prescribed. Any notice or communication delivered or to be delivered to a Holder of Global Notes shall be delivered in
accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary and shall be sufficiently given to it if so delivered within the time prescribed. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or any Note, where this Indenture or any Note
provides for notice of any event (including any Notice of Redemption or any Fundamental Change Company Notice) to a Holder of a Global Note (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary (or its
designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from the Depositary or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with the Depositarys applicable procedures. 

Failure to mail or deliver a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other
Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed or delivered, as the case may be, in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it. 

In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice to
Holders by mail, then such notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder. 

Section 17.04. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. THIS INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR
RELATED TO THIS INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

The
Company irrevocably consents and agrees, for the benefit of the Holders from time to time of the Notes and the Trustee, that any legal action, suit or proceeding against it with respect to obligations, liabilities or any other matter arising out of
or in connection with this Indenture or the Notes may be brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and, until amounts due and to become due in
respect of the Notes have been paid, hereby irrevocably consents and submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of each such court in personam, generally and unconditionally with respect to any action,
suit or proceeding for itself in respect of its properties, assets and revenues. 

95 

The Company irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Indenture brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the
United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such
court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

Section 17.05. Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent; Certificates
and Opinions of Counsel to Trustee. Upon any application or demand by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under any of the provisions of this Indenture, the Company shall, if requested by the Trustee, furnish to the Trustee an
Officers Certificate stating that such action is permitted by the terms of this Indenture. 

Each Officers Certificate and
Opinion of Counsel provided for, by or on behalf of the Company in this Indenture and delivered to the Trustee with respect to compliance with this Indenture (other than the Officers Certificates provided for in Section 4.08,
Section 7.02(h) and Section 8.04) shall include (a) a statement that the person signing such certificate is familiar with the requested action and this Indenture; (b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the
examination or investigation upon which the statement contained in such certificate is based; (c) a statement that, in the judgment of such person, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to
express an informed judgment as to whether or not such action is permitted by this Indenture; and (d) a statement as to whether or not, in the judgment of such person, such action is permitted by this Indenture and that all conditions precedent
to such action have been complied with; provided that no Opinion of Counsel shall be required to be delivered in connection with (1) the original issuance of Notes on the date hereof under this Indenture, (2) the mandatory exchange
of the restricted CUSIP of the Restricted Securities to an unrestricted CUSIP pursuant to the applicable procedures of the Depositary upon the Notes becoming freely tradable by non-Affiliates of the Company
under Rule 144, or (3) a request by the Company that the Trustee deliver a notice to Holders under this Indenture where the Trustee receives an Officers Certificate with respect to such notice. With respect to matters of fact, an Opinion
of Counsel may conclusively rely on an Officers Certificate or certificates of public officials. 

Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Section 17.05, if any provision in this Indenture specifically provides that the Trustee shall or may receive an Opinion of Counsel in connection with any action to be taken by the Trustee or the Company hereunder, the Trustee
shall be entitled to such Opinion of Counsel. 

96 

Section 17.06. Legal Holidays. In any case where any Interest Payment Date, any
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, any Redemption Date or the Maturity Date is not a Business Day or is a day on which financial institutions located in the state in which the Corporate Trust Office is located are authorized or required by law or
executive order to close or be closed, then any action to be taken on such date need not be taken on such date, but may be taken on the next succeeding Business Day that is not a day on which financial institutions located in the state in which the
Corporate Trust Office is located are authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed with the same force and effect as if taken on such date, and no interest shall accrue in respect of the delay. 

Section 17.07. No Security Interest Created. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall be construed
to constitute a security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code or similar legislation, as now or hereafter enacted and in effect, in any jurisdiction. 

Section 17.08. Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person,
other than the Holders, the parties hereto, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, any authenticating agent, any Note Registrar and their successors hereunder, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture. 

Section 17.09. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. The table of contents and the titles and headings of the articles and sections of
this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

Section 17.10. Authenticating Agent. The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent that shall be authorized to act on its behalf
and subject to its direction in the authentication and delivery of Notes in connection with the original issuance thereof and transfers and exchanges of Notes hereunder, including under Section 2.04, Section 2.05, Section 2.06,
Section 2.07, Section 10.04 and Section 15.04 as fully to all intents and purposes as though the authenticating agent had been expressly authorized by this Indenture and those Sections to authenticate and deliver Notes. For all
purposes of this Indenture, the authentication and delivery of Notes by the authenticating agent shall be deemed to be authentication and delivery of such Notes by the Trustee and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the
Trustee by an authenticating agent shall be deemed to satisfy any requirement hereunder or in the Notes for the Trustees certificate of authentication. Such authenticating agent shall at all times be a Person eligible to serve as trustee
hereunder pursuant to Section 7.08. 

Any corporation, banking association or other entity into which any authenticating agent may be
merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation, banking association or other entity resulting from any merger, consolidation or conversion to which any authenticating agent shall be a party, or any corporation, banking
association or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of any authenticating agent, shall be the successor of the authenticating agent hereunder, if such successor corporation, banking association or other
entity is otherwise eligible under this Section 17.10, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of the parties hereto or the authenticating agent or such successor corporation, banking association or other
entity. 

97 

Any authenticating agent may at any time resign by giving written notice of resignation to
the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of any authenticating agent by giving written notice of termination to such authenticating agent and to the Company. Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon
such a termination, or in case at any time any authenticating agent shall cease to be eligible under this Section, the Trustee may appoint a successor authenticating agent (which may be the Trustee), shall give written notice of such appointment to
the Company and shall deliver notice of such appointment to all Holders. 

The Company agrees to pay to the authenticating agent from time
to time reasonable compensation for its services although the Company may terminate the authenticating agent, if it determines such agents fees to be unreasonable. 

The provisions of Section 7.02, Section 7.03, Section 7.04, Section 8.03 and this Section 17.10 shall be applicable
to any authenticating agent. 

If an authenticating agent is appointed pursuant to this Section 17.10, the Notes may have endorsed
thereon, in addition to the Trustees certificate of authentication, an alternative certificate of authentication in the following form: 

__________________________,

as Authenticating Agent, certifies that this is one of the Notes described 

in the within-named Indenture. 

By: 

Authorized Officer

Section 17.11. Execution in Counterparts. This Indenture may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile, PDF or other electronic transmission
shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile, PDF or other electronic
transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the other parties hereto shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes. 

Section 17.12. Severability. In the event any provision of this Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, then (to the extent permitted by law) the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired. 

Section 17.13. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY, THE HOLDERS, BY THEIR ACCEPTANCE THEREOF, AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

98 

Section 17.14. Force Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or
liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or
terrorism, civil or military disturbances, pandemics, epidemics, recognized public emergencies, quarantine restrictions, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, hacking, cyber-attacks, or
other use or infiltration of the Trustees technological infrastructure exceeding authorized access, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts that are
consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances. 

Section 17.15. Calculations. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Company shall be responsible for making all calculations
called for under this Indenture and the Notes. These calculations include, but are not limited to, determinations of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock, the trading price of the Notes (for purposes of determining whether the Notes are
convertible as described herein), the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values, the Daily Settlement Amounts, accrued interest payable on the Notes and the Conversion Rate of the Notes. The Company shall make all these calculations in good faith
and, absent manifest error, the Companys calculations shall be final and binding on Holders of Notes. The Company shall provide a schedule of its calculations to each of the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee) and the
Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee), and each of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and Conversion Agent is entitled to rely conclusively upon the accuracy of the Companys calculations without independent verification. The Trustee will
forward the Companys calculations to any Holder of Notes upon the request of that Holder at the sole cost and expense of the Company. 

Section 17.16. USA PATRIOT Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act,
the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship
or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act. 

Section 17.17 Electronic Signatures. All notices, approvals, consents, requests and any communications hereunder must be in
writing (provided that any communication sent to the Trustee hereunder must be in the form of a document that is signed manually or by way of a digital signature provided by DocuSign (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing
to Trustee by an authorized representative of the Company), in English). The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of using digital signatures and electronic methods to submit communications to Trustee, including without
limitation the risk of Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties. 

99 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

100 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of
the date first written above. 

DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

By: 

Name:

Title:

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to
Indenture] 

EXHIBIT A 

[FORM OF FACE OF NOTE] 

[INCLUDE
FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A GLOBAL NOTE] 

[UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY,
A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREUNDER IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY
PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.] 

[INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A
RESTRICTED SECURITY] 

[THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST
HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER: 

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL
BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND 

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT: 

(A)
TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR 

A-1 

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(C) TO A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE
EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE
(2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE
WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.] 

A-2 

Dynavax Technologies Corporation 

2.00% Convertible Senior Note due 2030 

No. [_____] [Initially]1 $[_____________]

CUSIP No. [_____]2 

Dynavax Technologies Corporation, a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the
State of Delaware (the Company, which term includes any successor corporation or other entity under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for value received hereby promises to pay to [CEDE & CO.]3 [_______]4, or registered assigns, the principal sum [as set forth in the Schedule of Exchanges of Notes attached hereto]5 [of $[_______]]6, which amount, taken together with the principal amounts of all other outstanding Notes, shall not, unless permitted by the
Indenture, exceed $225,000,000 and interest thereon as set forth below. Accrued interest on the Notes shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve
30-day months and, for partial months, on the basis of the number of days actually elapsed in a 30-day month. 

This Note shall bear interest at the rate of 2.00% per year from March 13, 2025, or from the most recent date to which interest has been
paid or provided for to, but excluding, the next scheduled Interest Payment Date until March 15, 2030. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each March 15 and September 15, commencing on September 15, 2025, to Holders
of record at the close of business on the preceding March 1 and September 1 (whether or not such day is a Business Day), respectively. Additional Interest will be payable as set forth in Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and
Section 6.03 of the within-mentioned Indenture, and any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note therein shall be deemed to include Additional Interest if, in such context, Additional Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to
any of such Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) or Section 6.03, and any express mention of the payment of Additional Interest in any provision therein shall not be construed as excluding Additional Interest in those provisions thereof
where such express mention is not made. 

1 

Include if a global note. 

2 

This Note will be deemed to be identified by CUSIP No. [_____] from and after such time when (i) the Company
delivers, pursuant to Section 2.05(c) of the within-mentioned Indenture, written notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of the Resale Restriction Termination Date and the removal of the restrictive legend affixed to this Note and (ii) this Note is
identified by such CUSIP number in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. 

3 

Include if a global note. 

4 

Include if a physical note. 

5 

Include if a global note. 

6 

Include if a physical note. 

A-3 

Any Defaulted Amounts shall accrue interest per annum at the rate borne by the Notes,
subject to the enforceability thereof under applicable law, from, and including, the relevant payment date to, but excluding, the date on which such Defaulted Amounts shall have been paid by the Company, at its election, in accordance with
Section 2.03(c) of the Indenture. 

The Company shall pay the principal of and interest on this Note, if and so long as such Note is a
Global Note, in immediately available funds to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder of such Note. As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Company shall pay the principal of any Notes
(other than Notes that are Global Notes) at the office or agency maintained by the Company for that purpose. The Company has initially designated the Trustee as its Paying Agent and Note Registrar in respect of the Notes and its designated Corporate
Trust Office in the continental United States of America as a place where Notes may be presented for payment or for registration of transfer and exchange. 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, including, without limitation, provisions giving the
Holder of this Note the right to convert this Note into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, on the terms and subject to the limitations set forth in the Indenture. Such further provisions
shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place. 

This Note, and any claim, controversy or dispute
arising under or related to this Note, shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York. 

In
the case of any conflict between this Note and the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall control and govern. 

This Note shall
not be valid or become obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been signed manually by the Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent under the Indenture. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

A-4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed. 

DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION

By: 

Name:

Title:

Dated: 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes

described in
the within-named Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory

A-5 

[FORM OF REVERSE OF NOTE] 

Dynavax Technologies Corporation 

2.00% Convertible Senior Note due 2030 

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Company, designated as its 2.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the
Notes), limited to the aggregate principal amount of $225,000,000, all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture dated as of March 13, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and
immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders of the Notes. Additional Notes may be issued in an unlimited aggregate principal amount, subject to certain conditions specified in the Indenture. Capitalized terms used in this Note
and not defined in this Note shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Indenture. 

In case certain Events of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing, the principal of, and interest on, all Notes may be declared, by either the Trustee or Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, and upon said declaration shall become, due and
payable, in the manner, with the effect and subject to the conditions and certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture. 

Subject to the
terms and conditions of the Indenture, the Company will make all payments and deliveries in respect of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Redemption Price on any Redemption Date and the principal
amount on the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the Holder who surrenders a Note to a Paying Agent to collect such payments in respect of the Note. The Company will pay cash amounts in money of the United States that at the time of payment is
legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 

The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Company and the Trustee in certain
circumstances, without the consent of the Holders of the Notes, and in certain other circumstances, with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, evidenced as in the
Indenture provided, to execute supplemental indentures modifying the terms of the Indenture and the Notes as described therein. It is also provided in the Indenture that, subject to certain exceptions, the Holders of a majority in aggregate
principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default under the Indenture and its consequences. 

Each Holder shall have the right to receive payment or delivery, as the case may be, of (x) the principal (including the Redemption Price
and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, (y) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and (z) the consideration due upon conversion of, this Note at the place, at the respective times, at the rate and in the lawful
money or shares of Common Stock, as the case may be, herein prescribed. 

A-6 

The Notes are issuable in registered form without coupons in denominations of $1,000
principal amount and integral multiples thereof. At the office or agency of the Company referred to on the face hereof, and in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal
amount of Notes of other authorized denominations, without payment of any service charge but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer or similar tax that may be imposed in connection therewith as
a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such exchange of Notes being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such exchange. 

The Company may not redeem the Notes prior to March 20, 2028. The Notes shall be redeemable at the Companys option on or after
March 20, 2028 and prior to the 26th Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions specified in the Indenture. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes. 

Upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change), the Holder has the right, at such Holders
option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holders Notes or any portion thereof (in principal amounts of $1,000 or integral multiples thereof) on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date at a price equal to the Fundamental
Change Repurchase Price. 

Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder hereof has the right, at its option, during certain
periods and upon the occurrence of certain conditions specified in the Indenture, prior to the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, to convert any Notes or portion thereof that is $1,000 or
an integral multiple thereof, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, at the Conversion Rate specified in the Indenture, as adjusted from time to time as provided in the Indenture. 

A-7 

ABBREVIATIONS 

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription of the face of this Note, shall be construed as though they were written out in full
according to applicable laws or regulations: 

TEN COM = as tenants in common 

UNIF GIFT MIN ACT = Uniform Gifts to Minors Act 

CUST =
Custodian 

TEN ENT = as tenants by the entireties 

JT TEN =
joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common 

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the
above list. 

A-8 

SCHEDULE A7

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES 

Dynavax Technologies Corporation 

2.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 

The initial principal amount of this Global Note is [_______] DOLLARS ($[_________]). The following increases or decreases in this Global Note
have been made: 

Date of exchange 

Amount of

decrease in

principal amount

of this Global Note 

Amount of

increase in

principal amount

of this Global Note 

Principal amount

of this Global Note

following such decrease

or increase 

Signature of

authorized

signatory of

Trustee or

Custodian

7 

Include if a global note. 

A-9 

ATTACHMENT 1 

[FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION] 

To: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

111 Fillmore Ave E 

Saint
Paul, MN 55107 

Attention: Dynavax Technologies Corporation Administrator 

The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby exercises the option to convert this Note, or the portion hereof (that is $1,000
principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and
directs that any cash payable and any shares of Common Stock issuable and deliverable upon such conversion, together with any cash for any fractional share, and any Notes representing any unconverted principal amount hereof, be issued and delivered
to the registered Holder hereof unless a different name has been indicated below. If any shares of Common Stock or any portion of this Note not converted are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay
all documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes, if any in accordance with Section 14.02(d) and Section 14.02(e) of the Indenture. Any amount required to be paid to the undersigned on account of interest accompanies this Note.
Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. 

Dated: 

Signature(s)

Signature Guarantee 

Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an eligible Guarantor Institution 

(banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities and Exchange 

Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares 

1 

of Common Stock are to be issued, or 

Notes are to be delivered, other than

to and in
the name of the registered holder. 

Fill in for registration of shares if to be issued, and Notes if to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder: 

(Name) 

(Street Address) 

(City, State and Zip Code) 

Please print name and address 

Principal amount to be converted (if less than all): $______,000

NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

Social Security or Other Taxpayer

Identification Number

2 

ATTACHMENT 2 

[FORM OF FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE] 

To: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association 

111 Fillmore Ave E 

Saint Paul,
MN 55107 

Attention: Dynavax Technologies Corporation Administrator 

The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Dynavax Technologies Corporation (the
Company) as to the occurrence of a Fundamental Change with respect to the Company and specifying the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and requests and instructs the Company to pay to the registered holder hereof in accordance
with Section 15.02 of the Indenture referred to in this Note (1) the entire principal amount of this Note, or the portion thereof (that is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, and (2) if such
Fundamental Change Repurchase Date does not fall during the period after a Regular Record Date and on or prior to the corresponding Interest Payment Date, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change
Repurchase Date. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture. 

In the
case of Physical Notes, the certificate numbers of the Notes to be repurchased are as set forth below: 

Dated: 

Signature(s)

Social Security or Other Taxpayer

Identification Number

Principal amount to be repaid (if less than all): $______,000

NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

1 

ATTACHMENT 3 

[FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER] 

For value
received ____________________________ hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto _________________ (Please insert social security or Taxpayer Identification Number of assignee) the within Note, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints
_____________________ attorney to transfer the said Note on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises. 

In connection with
any transfer of the within Note occurring prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, as defined in the Indenture governing such Note, the undersigned confirms that such Note is being transferred: 

To Dynavax Technologies Corporation or a subsidiary thereof; or 

Pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or 

Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or 

Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any other available exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

B4-1 

Dated: ________________________ 

Signature(s) 

Signature Guarantee 

Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an

eligible
Guarantor Institution (banks, stock

brokers, savings and loan associations and

credit unions) with membership in an approved

signature guarantee
medallion program pursuant

to Securities and Exchange Commission 

Rule 17Ad-15 if Notes are to be delivered, other

than to and in the name of the registered holder. 

NOTICE: The signature on the assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular
without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 

B4-2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dvax-20250313.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dvax-20250313_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>dvax-20250313_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Document And Entity Information [Table] 
Document And Entity Information [Table] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 
Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Common Stock [Member] 
Common Stock [Member] 

Preferred Stock [Member] 
Preferred Stock [Member]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dvax-20250313_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>g935304g0311111859702.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g935304g0311111900310.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g935304g0311111900851.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g935304g0311111901407.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g935304g0311111901978.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>g935304g92v71.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 13, 2025

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Entity Registrant Name DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001029142

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 13, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-34207

Entity Tax Identification Number 33-0728374

Entity Address, Address Line One 2100 Powell Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 720

Entity Address, City or Town Emeryville

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94608

City Area Code 510

Local Phone Number 848-5100

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol DVAX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Preferred Stock [Member] 

Document And Entity Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Preferred Share Purchase Rights

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dvax_DocumentAndEntityInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dvax_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.dynavax.com//20250313/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d935304d8k.htm 
dvax-20250313.xsd 
dvax-20250313_def.xml 
dvax-20250313_lab.xml 
dvax-20250313_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-054049-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>d935304d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001029142 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

0001029142 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

0001029142 

us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 

2025-03-13 
2025-03-13 

DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP 
false 
0001029142 
8-K 
2025-03-13 
DE 
001-34207 
33-0728374 
2100 Powell Street 
Suite 720 
Emeryville 
CA 
94608 
510 
848-5100 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
DVAX 
NASDAQ 
Preferred Share Purchase Rights 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>