<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001437749-25-005068.txt : 20250225
<SEC-HEADER>0001437749-25-005068.hdr.sgml : 20250225
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250225163206
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-25-005068
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250224
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250225
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250225

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Envirotech Vehicles, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563568
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38078
		FILM NUMBER:		25663892

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1215 GRAPHITE DRIVE
		CITY:			CORONA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92881
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(951) 407-9860

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1215 GRAPHITE DRIVE
		CITY:			CORONA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92881

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ADOMANI, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170525

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Adomani, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121203
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>adom20250225_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?adom20250225_8k.htm

false000156356800015635682025-02-242025-02-24

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT

TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): February 24, 2025

ENVIROTECH VEHICLES, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)

001-38078 

46-0774222

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

1425 Ohlendorf Road

Osceola, AR 

72370

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code)

(870) 970-3355

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

Not Applicable 

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a -12)

Pre -commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d -2(b))

Pre -commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, $0.00001 par value 

EVTV 

NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item1.01. 

Entry into a Material Agreement.

Supplemental Agreement to Amended and Restated Standby Equity Purchase Agreement

On February 24, 2025 (the Effective Date), Envirotech Vehicles, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into a supplemental agreement, dated the Effective Date (the Supplemental Agreement), with YA II PN, Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempt limited company (the Investor). The Supplemental Agreement amends and supplements the amended and restated standby equity purchase agreement, dated as of October 31, 2024 (the A&R SEPA), by and between the Investor and the Company to: (i) provide for the advancement by the Investor to the Company, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions as set forth in the Supplemental Agreement, of $5 million under the A&R SEPA (the Additional Pre-Paid Advance), to be evidenced by convertible promissory notes (the Additional Promissory Notes) in two tranches, (ii) amend the maturity date for the initial promissory note in the principal amount of $2 million issued on October 31, 2024 to the Investor pursuant to the A&R SEPA (the Note EVTV-1) to March 9, 2026, and (iii) amend the Floor Price (as defined in the Note EVTV-1) for the Note EVTV-1 to $1.00.

The Additional Promissory Notes will accrue interest on the outstanding principal balance at an annual rate equal to 5%, which shall increase to an annual rate of 18% upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Additional Promissory Notes) or a Registration Event (as defined in the Additional Promissory Notes) for so long as such event remains uncured. The Additional Promissory Notes will mature on March 9, 2026, which may be extended at the option of the Investor. The Additional Promissory Notes are convertible at a conversion price equal to the lower of (i) $1.00 per share or (ii) 93% of the lowest daily VWAP during the five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the conversion date (but no lower than the floor price then in effect, which is $0.0713 per share, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the terms contained in the Additional Promissory Notes).

The first tranche of the Additional Pre-Paid Advance was disbursed on February 25, 2025 in the principal amount of $3 million (with net proceeds to the Company of approximately $2.7 million after deducting discounts and fees) as evidenced by an Additional Promissory Note issued by the Company to the Investor on February 24, 2025 (the Note EVTV-3). The second tranche of the Additional Pre-Paid Advance will be in the principal amount of $2 million and advanced by the Investor upon the Company obtaining approval of its stockholders for the issuance of shares in excess of the Exchange Cap (as defined in the A&R SEPA). At the closing of each tranche of the Additional Pre-Paid Advance, the Investor will advance to the Company the principal amount of the applicable tranche, less a discount in the amount equal to 5% of the principal amount of such tranche netted from the purchase price due and structured as an original issue discount.

Except as described above and as otherwise set forth in the Supplemental Agreement, including the form of Additional Promissory Note attached as Exhibit A thereto, the A&R SEPA and the Note EVTV-1 remain in full force and effect. A copy of the A&R SEPA was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on November 6, 2024, and is incorporated herein by reference.

The foregoing description of the material terms of the Supplemental Agreement and the Note EVTV-3 is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Supplemental Agreement and the Note EVTV-3, as applicable, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety.

Item3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information contained in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K relating to the issuance of the Additional Promissory Notes is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. The issuance of the Additional Promissory Notes pursuant to the Supplemental Agreement was and will be made in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy the securities discussed herein, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale of the securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state.

Item7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure.

The information provided to the Investor in connection with the entry into the Supplemental Agreement included the Companys cash on hand of approximately $3,000,000 and the Companys burn rate of about $600,000 per month, in each case, as of February 5, 2025.

The information set forth under Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of such section. The information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any incorporation by reference language in any such filing, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information in this Current Report on Form 8-K that is required to be disclosed solely by Regulation FD.

Cautionary Note RegardingForward-LookingStatements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements relate to future events, expectations or actions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the Companys actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievement to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include the Companys ability to satisfy the conditions under the A&R SEPA as supplemented and amended by the Supplemental Agreement, market conditions and other risks detailed in the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Companys subsequent periodic reports and other filings with the SEC. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which are based on the Companys current expectations and assumptions and speak only as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company does not intend to revise or update any forward-looking statement in this Current Report on Form 8-K as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

Item 9.01 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit Number 

Description

10.1 

Supplemental Agreement, dated February 24, 2025, by and between Envirotech Vehicles, Inc. and YA II PN, Ltd.

10.2 

Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 24, 2025, issued to YA II PN, Ltd.

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

ENVIROTECH VEHICLES, INC. 

Date: February 25, 2025 

By: 

/s/ Jason Maddox 

Jason Maddox 

President and Interim Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex_782123.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
ex_782123.htm

Exhibit 10.1

SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT

This Supplemental Agreement (this Agreement), dated as of February 24, 2025, is entered into by and between YA II PN, LTD., a Cayman Islands exempt limited partnership (the Investor) and ENVIROTECH VEHICLES, INC., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company).

BACKGROUND

(A) 

Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2024 (as may be further amended restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the SEPA) pursuant to which the Company has the right to issue and sell to the Investor, from time to time as provided therein, and the Investor shall purchase from the Company, up to $25 million of shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the Common Shares).

(B) 

Pursuant to the SEPA, the Company has agreed to register the resale of the Registrable Securities, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein.

(C) 

In accordance with Section 2.01 of the SEPA, the Investor has advanced to the Company the Pre-Paid Advance in the principal amount of $3,000,000, in two tranches, as evidenced by (i) a promissory note issued to the Investor on October 31, 2024 in the principal amount of $2,000,000 (Note EVTV-1), and (ii) a promissory note issued to the Investor on December 17, 2024 in the principal amount of $1,000,000 (Note EVTV-2). As of the date hereof, Note EVTV-2 has been fully repaid, and Note EVTV-1 has a remaining principal balance of $1,550,000.

(D) 

The parties have agreed to amend the SEPA to increase the amount of the Pre-Paid Advance by $5,000,000 (the Additional Pre-Paid Advance) and to provide for the advancement of the Additional Pre-Paid Advance in two tranches, and to amend Note EVTV-1 to extend the maturity date thereof, in each case, as set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

1. 

Definitions and Interpretation

1.1 Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the SEPA, as applicable.

2. 

Additional Pre-Paid Advance Closing

2.1 Additional Pre-Paid Advance. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Annex II attached to the SEPA, and the additional conditions set forth in Section 2.3 herein, the Investor shall advance to the Company the Additional Pre-Paid Advance in the principal amount of $5,000,000 which shall be evidenced by convertible promissory notes in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (each, an Additional Promissory Note) in two tranches. The first tranche of the Additional Pre-Paid Advance shall be in a principal amount of $3,000,000 and advanced on the date hereof (the Third Pre-Advance Closing), and the second tranche of the Additional Pre-Paid Advance shall be in a principal amount of $2,000,000 and advanced upon the Company obtaining approval of its stockholders for the issuance of shares in excess of the Exchange Cap (the Fourth Pre-Advance Closing) (each of the Third Pre-Advance Closing and the Fourth Pre-Advance Closing individually referred to as an Additional Pre-Advance Closing and collectively referred to as the Additional Pre-Advance Closings).

From and after the date hereof, for the purposes of the SEPA, the term Pre-Paid Advance as used in the SEPA shall also include the Additional Pre-Paid Advance, and the term Promissory Note shall also include the Additional Promissory Note.

2.2 Closing. Each Additional Pre-Advance Closing shall occur remotely by conference call and electronic delivery of documentation as follows: (a) the Third Pre-Advance Closing shall take place at 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the date hereof (or, if this Agreement is executed after the closing of regular trading hours, then on the next Trading Day), and (b) the Fourth Pre-Advance Closing shall take place at 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the first Trading Day following the date that the Company obtains approval of its stockholders for the issuance of shares in excess of the Exchange Cap (or such other date and time as is mutually agreed to by the Company and the Investor), in each case provided that the conditions set forth on Annex II and the additional conditions applicable to such closing set forth in Section 2.3 herein have been satisfied. At each Additional Pre-Advance Closing, the Investor shall advance to the Company the principal amount of the applicable tranche of the Additional Pre-Paid Advance, less a discount in the amount equal to 5% of the principal amount of such tranche of the Additional Pre-Paid Advance netted from the purchase price due and structured as an Original Issue Discount, in immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company in writing, and the Company shall deliver the Additional Promissory Note with a principal amount equal to the full amount of such Additional Pre-Paid Advance, duly executed on behalf of the Company.

From and after the date hereof, for the purposes of the SEPA, the term Pre-Advance Closing as used in the SEPA shall also include the Additional Pre-Advance Closings. 

2.3 Additional Conditions Precedent. The obligation of the Investor to advance to the Company a particular tranche of the Additional Pre-Paid Advance hereunder at each Additional Pre-Advance Closing is subject to the satisfaction, as of the date of such Additional Pre-Advance Closing, of each of the following additional conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Investors sole benefit and may be waived by the Investor at any time in its sole discretion by providing the Company with prior written notice thereof:

(a) The Company shall have duly executed and delivered to the Investor an Additional Promissory Note with a principal amount corresponding to the amount of the applicable tranche of the Pre-Paid Advance (before any deductions made thereto).

(b) Solely with respect to the Fourth Pre-Advance Closing, the Company shall have obtained stockholder approval to issue Common Shares in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents in excess of the Exchange Cap, and such stockholder approval shall have been obtained on or before the 75th day following the date hereof.

2

3. Representations, Warranties and Covenants. 

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. For the purposes hereof, the Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, as of the date hereof all of the representations and warranties in the SEPA are true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties which address matters only as of a certain date, which shall be true and correct as written as of such certain date) and shall apply in respect of the issuance and sale of the Additional Promissory Note to be issued upon each Additional Pre-Advance Closing.

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Investor. For the purposes hereof, the Investor represents and warrants to the Company that, as of the date hereof all of the representations and warranties in the SEPA are true and correct (other than representations and warranties which address matters only as of a certain date, which shall be true and correct as written as of such certain date) and shall apply in respect of the issuance and sale of the Additional Promissory Note to be issued upon each Additional Pre-Advance Closing.

3.3 Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Stockholder Approval. The Company shall, as promptly as practicable following the date hereof, establish a record date for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders (the "Stockholders Meeting") for the purpose of obtaining approval of its stockholders in accordance with Nasdaq Rule 5635(d) for the issuance of shares in excess of the Exchange Cap (Stockholder Approval). As promptly as practicable following the date hereof, the Company shall prepare and file with the SEC under the Exchange Act a proxy statement for the Stockholders Meeting and use all reasonable efforts to have the proxy statement cleared by the SEC as promptly as practicable. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the proxy statement to be mailed or otherwise made available to its stockholders as promptly as practicable after it shall have been cleared by the SEC. The proxy statement will comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the Securities Act, as applicable. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Stockholders Meeting to be held as promptly as practicable but in any event no later than seventy-five (75) days following the date hereof. The Company shall, through its board of directors, recommend that the Companys stockholders vote in favor of the resolution for Stockholder Approval. Simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall delver to the Investor voting agreements duly executed by each of the Companys executive officers and directors to vote in favor of the proposal to approve the issuance of shares in excess of the Exchange Cap at the Stockholders Meeting or any adjournment of such meeting.

3.4 Registration. The Company shall as soon as practicable, but in no case later than the 15th Business Day following the date that the Company has obtained Stockholder Approval, prepare and file with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3 covering the resale by the Investor of (i) the aggregate number of Common Shares issuable to the Investor in connection with the conversion of all amounts outstanding under the Additional Promissory Notes (assuming for purposes hereof that (x) each Additional Promissory Note is convertible at a conversion price equal to the Floor Price as of the date of determination, and (y) any such conversion shall not take into account any limitations on the conversion of the Additional Promissory Note set forth therein), (ii) less the number of shares remaining available for resale by the Investor on a Registration Statement, in accordance with applicable SEC rules, regulations and interpretations so as to permit the resale of such Registrable Securities by the Investor under Rule 415 at then prevailing market prices (and not fixed prices). The Company shall use its best efforts to have such Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable thereafter (provided, however, in the event the Company is notified by the SEC that the Registration Statement will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the deadline for effectiveness as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth Business Day following the date on which the Company is so notified by the SEC). By 5:30 p.m., Eastern Time, on the business day following the date of effectiveness, the Company shall file with the SEC in accordance with Rule 424 under the Securities Act the final Prospectus to be used in connection with sales pursuant to such Registration Statement. Prior to the filing of the Registration Statement with the SEC, the Company shall furnish a draft of the Registration Statement to the Investor for their review and comment. The Companys obligations with respect to the Registration Statement shall otherwise be governed by Sections 7.01, 7.02 and 7.08 of the SEPA.

3

3.5 Current Report. The Company shall, not later than 5:30 p.m. New York City time, on the first business day after the date of this Agreement, file with the SEC a Current Report. The Company shall provide the Investor and its legal counsel a reasonable opportunity to comment on any description of this Agreement contained in a draft of the Current Report, including any exhibit to be filed related thereto, as applicable, prior to filing the Current Report with the SEC and shall reasonably consider all such comments. From and after the filing of the Current Report with the SEC, the Company shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information, including but not limited to the information listed on Exhibit B hereto, that has been delivered to the Investor (or the Investors representatives or agents) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives (if any) in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company represents, warrants, and agrees that after the filing the Current Report, the Registration Statement (No. 333-2829671) and the prospectus contained therein, shall be updated through the incorporation by reference of the Current Report, and the Company understands and confirms that the Investor will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting resales of Common Shares under such Registration Statement.

3.6 Transaction Documents. From and after the date hereof, this Agreement is and shall be deemed a Transaction Document.

4. Amendments to Note EVTV-1. By this Amendment, the Company and the Investor have agreed to amend Note EVTV-1 on the following terms:

4.1 New Maturity Date. The Maturity Date of Note EVTV-1 is hereby extended, such that the Maturity Date shall now be March 9, 2026, or any earlier date on which the unpaid principal balance of the Note becomes due and payable by acceleration or otherwise. All remaining principal amount under the Note, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all other amounts payable thereunder, shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date.

4.2 Floor Price. The Floor Price of Note EVTV-1 is hereby reduced, such that the Floor Price shall now be $0.0713.

4

5. [Reserved].

6. Counterparts and Delivery.This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

7. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflict of laws. The parties further agree that any action between them shall be heard in New York County, New York, and expressly consent to the jurisdiction and venue of the Supreme Court of New York, sitting in New York County, New York and the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, sitting in New York, New York, for the adjudication of any civil action asserted pursuant to this Agreement.

8.Non-Exclusive Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, this Agreement and the rights awarded to the Investor hereunder are non-exclusive, and the Company may, at any time throughout the term of this Agreement and thereafter, issue and allot, or undertake to issue and allot, any shares and/or securities and/or convertible notes, bonds, debentures, options to acquire shares or other securities and/or other facilities which may be converted into or replaced by Common Shares or other securities of the Company, and to extend, renew and/or recycle any bonds and/or debentures, and/or grant any rights with respect to its existing and/or future share capital.

9.Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements between the Investor, the Company, their respective affiliates and persons acting on their behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement, together with the SEPA, contains the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and, except as specifically set forth herein, neither the Company nor the Investor makes any representation, warranty covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the parties to this Agreement. 

10.The SEPA. Other than as amended and supplemented by this Agreement, the SEPA and Note EVTV-1 shall remain in full force and effect.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

5

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Investor have caused this Supplemental Agreement to be signed by their duly authorized officers.

COMPANY:

ENVIROTECH VEHICLES, INC. 

By: 

/s/ Phillip Oldridge 

Name:

Title: 

Phillip Oldridge

Chief Executive Officer 

INVESTOR: 

YA II PN, LTD. 

By: Yorkville Advisors Global LP 

Its: Investment Manager 

By: Yorkville Advisors Global II, LLC

Its: General Partner 

By: 

/s/ Matthew Beckman 

Name:

Title: Matthew Beckman

Manager 

6

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF ADDITIONAL PROMISSORY NOTE

Attached.

7

NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS NOTE IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE. THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN SOLD IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT (WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 1272 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED). UPON WRITTEN REQUEST (ADDRESSED TO ENVIROTECH VEHICLES, INC., 1425 OHLENDORF ROAD, OSCEOLA, ARKANSAS 72370, ATTENTION: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER), THE COMPANY WILL PROMPTLY MAKE AVAILABLE TO THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: (1) THE ISSUE PRICE AND ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTE; (2) THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT ON THE NOTE; AND (3) THE YIELD TO MATURITY OF THE NOTE.

ENVIROTECH VEHICLES INC.

Convertible Promissory Note

Original Principal Amount:[$_________]

Issuance Date: [_________]

Number: EVTV-[3][4]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, ENVIROTECH VEHICLES INC., an entity organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the "Company"), hereby promises to pay YA II PN, LTD., or its registered assigns (the Holder), the amount set out above as the Original Principal Amount (or such lesser amount as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to repayment, redemption, conversion or otherwise, the Principal) and the Payment Premium or the Redemption Amount, as applicable, in each case if and when due, and to pay interest (Interest) on any outstanding Principal at the applicable Interest Rate (as defined below) from the date set out above as the Issuance Date (the Issuance Date), in each instance, until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon the Maturity Date or acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section (12). The Issuance Date is the date of the first issuance of this Convertible Promissory Note (as amended, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, this Note) regardless of the number of transfers and regardless of the number of instruments, which may be issued to evidence such Note. This Note was issued with a 5% original issue discount. The Company and the Holder are referred to herein at times, collectively, as the Parties, and each, a Party.

8

This Note is being issued pursuant the Amended and Restated Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated October 31, 2024 (as supplemented and amended by the supplemental agreement, dated February __, 2025, and as may be further amended, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the SEPA), by and between the Company and YA II PN, Ltd., as the Investor. This Note may be repaid in accordance with the terms of the SEPA, including, without limitation, pursuant to Investor Notices and corresponding Advance Notices deemed given by the Company in connection with such Investor Notices. The Holder also has the option of converting on one or more occasions all or part of the then outstanding balance under this Note by delivering to the Company one or more Conversion Notices in accordance with Section 3 of this Note.

I. 

GENERAL TERMS

A. Maturity Date. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest, and any other amounts outstanding pursuant to the terms of this Note. The "Maturity Date" shall be March 9, 2026, as may be extended at the option of the Holder. Other than as specifically permitted by this Note, the Company may not prepay or redeem any portion of the outstanding Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest.

B. Interest Rate and Payment of Interest. Interest shall accrue on the outstanding Principal balance hereof at an annual rate equal to 5% (Interest Rate), which Interest Rate shall increase to an annual rate of 18% upon (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default (for so long as such event remains uncured), or (ii) upon the occurrence of a Registration Event (but only until the condition or event causing the Registration Event has been cured or the Holder is able to resell the Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act). Interest shall be calculated based on a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed, to the extent permitted by applicable law.

C. Monthly Payments. If, any time after the Issuance Date set forth above, and from time to time thereafter, an Amortization Event has occurred, then the Company shall make monthly payments beginning on the 10th Trading Day after the Amortization Event Date and continuing on the same day of each successive Calendar Month until the entire outstanding principal amount shall have been repaid. Each monthly payment shall be in an amount equal to the sum of (i) [$_________]1 of Principal (or the outstanding Principal if less than such amount) (the Amortization Principal Amount), plus (ii) the Payment Premium in respect of such Amortization Principal Amount, and (iii) accrued and unpaid interest hereunder as of each payment date. The obligation of the Company to make monthly prepayments related to an Amortization Event shall cease (with respect to any payment that has not yet come due) if at any time after the Amortization Event Date (A) in the event of a Floor Price Event, either (i) on the date that is the 10th consecutive Trading Day that the daily VWAP is greater than the Floor Price then in effect, or (ii) the Company provides the Holder with a reset notice (Reset Notice) setting forth a reduced Floor Price which shall be equal to no more than 75% of the closing price on the Trading Day immediately prior to such Reset Notice (and in no event greater than the then-effective Floor Price), (B) in the event of an Exchange Cap Event, the date the Company has obtained stockholder approval to increase the number of Common Shares under the Exchange Cap and/or the Exchange Cap no longer applies, or (C) in the event of a Registration Event, the condition or event causing the Registration Event has been cured or the Holder is able to resell the Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act, unless a subsequent Amortization Event occurs.

1Note to Draft: Shall be such amount equal to $825,000 multiplied the original principal amount of this Note divided by $5,000,000.

9

D. Optional Redemption. The Company at its option shall have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem (Optional Redemption) early a portion or all amounts outstanding under this Note as described in this Section; provided, that the Company provides the Holder with written notice (each, a Redemption Notice) of its desire to exercise an Optional Redemption, which Redemption Notice (i) shall be delivered to the Holder after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day, and (ii) may only be given if the VWAP of the Common Shares was less than the Fixed Price on the date such Redemption Notice is delivered, unless otherwise agreed by the Holder. Each Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the outstanding balance of the Note to be redeemed and the Redemption Amount. The Redemption Amount shall be an amount equal to (a) the outstanding Principal balance being redeemed by the Company plus (b) the Payment Premium in respect of such Principal amount plus (c) all accrued and unpaid interest, if any on such Principal amount. After receipt of a Redemption Notice, the Holder shall have ten (10) Trading Days (beginning with the Trading Day immediately following the date such Redemption Notice is delivered to the Holder in accordance with this term of this Section 1(d)) to elect to convert all or any portion of this Note. On the eleventh (11th) Trading Day following the delivery of the applicable Redemption Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder the Redemption Amount with respect to the Principal amount redeemed to the extent not converted and otherwise after giving effect to conversions or other payments made during such ten (10) Trading Day period.

E. Payment Dates. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

F. Prepayment. Other than as specifically set forth in this Note, the Company shall not have the ability to make any early repayments without the consent or at the request of the Holder.

II. 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

A. An Event of Default, wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) shall have occurred:

10

1. The Company's failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, Redemption Amount, Payment Premium, Interest, or other amounts when and as due under this Note or any other Transaction Document within five (5) Trading Days after such payment is due;

2. (A) The Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall commence, or there shall be commenced against the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company any proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or hereafter in effect or any successor thereto, or the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company commences any other proceeding under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect relating to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, in any such bankruptcy, insolvency or other proceeding which remains undismissed for a period of sixty one (61) days; (B) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered; (C) or the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company suffers any appointment of any custodian, private or court appointed receiver or the like for it or all or substantially all of its property which continues undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty one (61) days; (D) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company makes a general assignment of all or substantially all of its assets for the benefit of creditors; (E) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall fail to pay, or shall state that it is unable to pay, or shall be unable to pay, its debts generally as they become due; (F) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall call a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts; (G) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall by any act or failure to act expressly indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing; or (H) any corporate or other action is taken by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;

3. The Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall default, in any of its obligations under any note debenture, mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in an amount exceeding $500,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and such default is not cured within the time prescribed by the documents governing such indebtedness or if no time is prescribed, within ten (10) Trading Days, and as a result, such indebtedness becomes or is declared due and payable;

4. A final judgment or judgments for the payment of money in excess of $500,000 in the aggregate are rendered against the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and which judgments are not, within thirty (30) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged, settled or stayed pending appeal, or are not discharged within thirty (30) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, any judgment which is covered by insurance or an indemnity from a credit worthy party shall not be included in calculating the $500,000 amount set forth above so long as the Company provides the Holder a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity and the Company or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) will receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such judgment;

11

5. The Common Shares shall cease to be quoted or listed for trading, as applicable, on any Primary Market for a period of ten (10) consecutive Trading Days;

6. The Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall be a party to any Change of Control Transaction unless in connection with such Change of Control Transaction this Note is retired;

7. The Companys (A) failure to deliver the required number of Common Shares to the Holder within two (2) Trading Days after the applicable Share Delivery Date or (B) notice, written or oral, to any holder of this Note, including by way of public announcement, at any time, of its intention not to comply with a request for conversion of all or a portion of this Note into Common Shares that is tendered in accordance with the provisions of this Note;

8. The Company shall fail for any reason to deliver the payment in cash pursuant to a Buy-In (as defined below) within five (5) Business Days after such payment is due;

9. The Companys failure to timely file with the Commission any Periodic Report on or before the due date of such filing as established by the Commission, it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that due date includes any permitted filing deadline extension under Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act;

10. Any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by or on behalf of the Company in or in connection with any Transaction Document, or any waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect (or, in the case of any such representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, such representation or warranty shall prove to have been incorrect) when made or deemed made;

11. Any material provision of any Transaction Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder, ceases to be in full force and effect;

12. The Company uses the proceeds of the issuance of this Note, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof), or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose;

13. Any acceleration of indebtedness or similar remedy due to an Event of Default (as defined in the Other Notes or in any Transaction Document other than this Note) occurs with respect to any Other Notes, or any breach of any material term of any other debenture, note, or instrument held by the Holder in the Company or any agreement between or among the Company and the Holder; or

12

14. The Company shall fail to observe or perform any material covenant, agreement or warranty contained in, or otherwise commit any material breach or default of any provision of this Note (except as may be otherwise covered by Sections (2)(a)(i) through (2)(a)(xiii) hereof) or any other Transaction Document, which is not cured or remedied within the time prescribed or if no time is prescribed within ten (10) Business Days.

B. During the time that any portion of this Note is outstanding, if any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and has not been waived or cured within any applicable cure period (other than an event with respect to the Company described in Section (2)(a)(ii)), the full unpaid Principal amount of this Note, together with interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof, to the date of acceleration shall become at the Holders election given by notice pursuant to Section (5), immediately due and payable in cash; provided that, in the case of any event with respect to the Company described in Section (2)(a)(ii), the full unpaid Principal amount of this Note, together with accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof to the date of acceleration, shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company. Furthermore, in addition to any other remedies, the Holder shall have the right (but not the obligation) to convert, on one or more occasions all or part of the Note in accordance with Section (3) (and subject to the limitations set out in Section (3)(c)(i) and Section (3)(c)(ii)) at any time after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing until all amounts outstanding under this Note have been repaid in full. The Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, (other than required notice of conversion) and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such declaration may be rescinded and annulled by the Holder in writing at any time prior to payment hereunder. No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. For the avoidance of doubt, any Event of Default not waived or cured prior to the exercise of any remedies available to the Holder shall be a continuing Event of Default.

III. CONVERSION OF NOTE.This Note shall be convertible into Common Shares, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section (3).

A. Conversion Right. Subject to the limitations of Section (3)(c), at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, the Holder shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount into fully paid and nonassessable Common Shares in accordance with Section (3)(b), at the Conversion Price. The number of Common Shares issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to this Section (3)(a) shall be determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Price. The Company shall not issue any fraction of a Common Share upon any conversion. All calculations under this Section (3) shall be rounded to the nearest $0.0001. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a Common Share, the Company shall round such fraction of a Common Share up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp and similar taxes that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Shares upon conversion of any Conversion Amount.

13

B. Mechanics of Conversion.

1. Optional Conversion. To convert any Conversion Amount into Common Shares on any date (a Conversion Date), the Holder shall (A) transmit by email (or otherwise deliver), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York Time, on such date, a copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Conversion Notice) to the Company and (B) if required by Section (3)(b)(iii), surrender this Note to a nationally recognized overnight delivery service for delivery to the Company (or an indemnification undertaking reasonably satisfactory to the Company with respect to this Note in the case of its loss, theft or destruction). On or before the third (3rd) Trading Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the Exchange Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade initiated on the applicable Conversion Date of such Common Shares issuable pursuant to such Conversion Notice) (the Share Delivery Date), the Company shall (X) if legends are not required to be placed on certificates or the book-entry position of the Common Shares and provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company's (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, instruct such transfer agent to credit such aggregate number of Common Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holder's or its designee's balance account with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system or (Y) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue and deliver to the address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a certificate or book-entry position, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Common Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled which certificates shall not bear any restrictive legends unless required pursuant to rules and regulations of the Commission. If this Note is physically surrendered for conversion and the outstanding Principal of this Note is greater than the Principal portion of the Conversion Amount being converted, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after receipt of this Note and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the holder a new Note representing the outstanding Principal not converted. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the Common Shares issuable upon a conversion of this Note shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such Common Shares upon the transmission of a Conversion Notice.

2. Companys Failure to Timely Convert. If the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the applicable Share Delivery Date to issue and deliver a certificate to the Holder or credit the Holder's balance account with DTC for the number of Common Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon such Holder's conversion of any Conversion Amount (a Conversion Failure), and if on or after such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of Common Shares issuable upon such conversion that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company (a Buy-In), then the Company shall, within three (3) Business Days after the Holders request and in the Holders discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out of pocket expenses, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased (the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Common Shares) shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Common Shares to which the Holder is entitled with respect to such Conversion Notice and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of Common Shares multiplied by (B) the Closing Price on the Conversion Date.

14

3. Book-Entry. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of any portion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless (A) the full Conversion Amount represented by this Note is being converted or (B) the Holder has provided the Company with prior written notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of this Note upon physical surrender of this Note. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the Principal and Interest converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon conversion.

C. Limitations on Conversions.

1. Beneficial Ownership. The Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, the Holder, together with any affiliate thereof, would beneficially own (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in excess of 4.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of Common Shares it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder, unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of Common Shares in excess of 4.99% of the then outstanding Common Shares without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof, the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies, the determination of which portion of the Principal amount of this Note is convertible shall be the responsibility and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a Principal amount of this Note that, without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may beneficially own, would result in the issuance in excess of the permitted amount hereunder, the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum Principal amount permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date in accordance with Section (3)(a) and, any Principal amount tendered for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder shall remain outstanding under this Note. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not less than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.

2. Principal Market Limitation. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, the Company shall not issue any Common Shares upon conversion of this Note, or otherwise, if the issuance of such Common Shares, together with any Common Shares issued in connection the SEPA and any other related transactions that may be considered part of the same series of transactions, would exceed the aggregate number Common Shares that the Company may issue in a transaction in compliance with the Companys obligations under the rules or regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) and shall be referred to as the Exchange Cap, except that such limitation shall not apply if the Companys stockholders have approved such issuances on such terms in excess of the Exchange Cap in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq.

15

D. Other Provisions.

1. All calculations under this Section (3) shall be rounded to the nearest $0.0001 or whole share.

2. So long as this Note or any Other Notes remain outstanding, the Company shall have reserved from its duly authorized share capital, and shall have instructed the Transfer Agent to irrevocably reserve, the maximum number of Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note and the Other Notes (assuming for purposes hereof that (x) this Note and such Other Notes are convertible at the Floor Price as of the date of determination, and (y) any such conversion shall not take into account any limitations on the conversion of the Note or Other Notes set forth herein or therein (the Required Reserve Amount)), provided that at no time shall the number of Common Shares reserved pursuant to this Section (3)(d)(ii) be reduced other than pursuant to the conversion of this Note and the Other Notes in accordance with their terms, and/or cancellation, or reverse stock split. If at any time while this Note or any Other Notes remain outstanding, the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved Common Shares to satisfy the obligation to reserve for the issuance the Required Reserve Amount, the Company will promptly take all corporate action necessary to propose to a meeting of its shareholders an increase of its authorized share capital necessary to meet the Company's obligations pursuant to this Note, and cause its board of directors to recommend to the shareholders that they approve such proposal. If at any time the number of Common Shares that remain available for issuance under the Exchange Cap is less than 100% of the maximum number of shares issuable upon conversion of all the Notes and Other Notes then outstanding (assuming for purposes hereof that (x) the Notes are convertible at the Conversion Price then in effect, and (y) any such conversion shall not take into account any limitations on the conversion of the Note, other than the Floor Price then in effect but solely with respect to the Variable Price), the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly call and hold a shareholder meeting for the purpose of seeking the approval of its shareholders as required by the applicable rules of the Principal Market, for issuances of shares in excess of the Exchange Cap. The Company covenants that, upon issuance in accordance with conversion of this Note in accordance with its terms, the Common Shares, when issued, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

3. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section (2) herein for the Companys failure to deliver certificates representing Common Shares upon conversion within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief, in each case without the need to post a bond or provide other security. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

16

4. Legal Opinions. The Company is obligated to cause its legal counsel to deliver legal opinions to the Companys transfer agent in connection with any legend removal upon the expiration of any holding period or other requirement for which the Underlying Shares may bear legends restricting the transfer thereof. To the extent that a legal opinion is not provided (either timely or at all), then, in addition to being an Event of Default hereunder, the Company agrees to reimburse the Holder for all reasonable costs incurred by the Holder in connection with any legal opinions paid for by the Holder in connection with the sale or transfer of the Underlying Common Shares. The Holder shall notify the Company of any such costs and expenses it incurs that are referred to in this section from time to time and all amounts owed hereunder shall be paid by the Company with reasonable promptness.

E. Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Common Shares. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding, shall (i) pay a stock dividend or otherwise make a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares, (ii) subdivide outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combine (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issue by reclassification of Common Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company, then each of the Fixed Price and the Floor Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares outstanding after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective, in the case of a dividend distribution, immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution or, in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification, and shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision, combination or re-classification.

F. Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Issuance of Common Stock. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding, issues or sells any Common Shares or Convertible Securities (other than shares issued or sold by the Company in connection with any Excluded Securities), for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price) less than a price equal to the Fixed Price in effect immediately prior to such issue or sale (such price the Applicable Price) (the foregoing, a Dilutive Issuance), then immediately after such Dilutive Issuance the Fixed Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the New Issuance Price. For the purposes hereof, if the Company in any manner issues or sells any Convertible Securities (other than shares issued or sold by the Company in connection with any Excluded Securities) and the lowest price per share for which one Common Share is issuable upon such conversion or exchange or exercise thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such Common Share shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale of such Convertible Securities for such price per share. No further adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Share upon conversion or exchange or exercise of such Convertible Securities.

17

G. Other Corporate Events. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for Common Shares (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to ensure that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon a conversion of this Note, at the Holders option, (i) in addition to the Common Shares receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets to which the Holder would have been entitled with respect to such Common Shares had such Common Shares been held by the Holder upon the consummation of such Corporate Event (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of this Note) or (ii) in lieu of the Common Shares otherwise receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets received by the holders of Common Shares in connection with the consummation of such Corporate Event in such amounts as the Holder would have been entitled to receive had this Note initially been issued with conversion rights for the form of such consideration (as opposed to Common Shares) at a conversion rate for such consideration commensurate with the Conversion Price. Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form and substance satisfactory to the Required Holders. The provisions of this Section shall apply similarly and equally to successive Corporate Events and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the conversion or redemption of this Note.

H. Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to Section (3) hereof, the Company shall promptly provide the Holder with a written notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

I. In case of any (1) merger or consolidation of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company with or into another Person, or (2) sale by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company of more than one-half of the assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions, a Holder shall have the right to (A) exercise any rights under Section 3(b), (B) convert the aggregate amount of this Note then outstanding into the shares of stock and other securities, cash and property receivable upon or deemed to be held by holders of Common Shares following such merger, consolidation or sale, and such Holder shall be entitled upon such event or series of related events to receive such amount of securities, cash and property as the Common Shares into which such aggregate Principal amount of this Note could have been converted immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or sales would have been entitled, or (C) in the case of a merger or consolidation, require the surviving entity to issue to the Holder a convertible Note with a Principal amount equal to the aggregate Principal amount of this Note then held by such Holder, plus all accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts owing thereon, which such newly issued convertible Note shall have terms identical (including with respect to conversion) to the terms of this Note, and shall be entitled to all of the rights and privileges of the Holder of this Note set forth herein and the agreements pursuant to which this Note was issued. In the case of clause (C), the conversion price applicable for the newly issued shares of convertible preferred stock or convertible debentures shall be based upon the amount of securities, cash and property that each Common Shares would receive in such transaction and the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness or closing date for such transaction. The terms of any such merger, sale or consolidation shall include such terms so as to continue to give the Holder the right to receive the securities, cash and property set forth in this Section upon any conversion or redemption following such event. This provision shall similarly apply to successive such events.

18

IV. 

REISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE.

A. Transfer. If this Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section (4)(d)), registered in the name of the registered transferee or assignee, representing the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder (along with any accrued and unpaid interest thereof) and, if less then the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred, a new Note (in accordance with Section (4)(d)) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section (3)(b)(iii) following conversion or redemption of any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal stated on the face of this Note. This Note may not be transferred by the Holder without written consent of the Company, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

B. Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary form and substance and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section (4)(d)) representing the outstanding Principal.

C. Note Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section (4)(d)) representing in the aggregate the outstanding Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

D. Issuance of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms hereof, such new Note (i) shall be of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section (4)(a) or Section (4)(c), the Principal designated by the Holder which, when added to the Principal represented by the other new Note(s) issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the Principal remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of such new Note), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Interest from the Issuance Date.

19

V. NOTICES.Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms hereof must be in writing by letter or electronic mail (e-mail) and will be deemed to have been delivered: upon the later of (A) either (i) receipt, when delivered personally or (ii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, as applicable and in each case, properly addressed to the party to receive the same and (B) receipt, when sent by e-mail. The addresses and email addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company, to: 

Envirotech Vehicles, Inc.

1425 Ohlendorf Road

Osceola, AR 71370

Attention: Jason Maddox

Telephone: 818-378-8246

Email: jason.m@evtvusa.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

K&L Gates LLP

1 Park Plaza, Twelfth Floor

Irvine, CA 92614

Attn: Michael A. Hedge

Telephone: (949) 623-3519

Email: michael.hedge@klgates.com

If to the Holder: 

YA II PN, Ltd

c/o Yorkville Advisors Global, LLC

1012 Springfield Avenue

Mountainside, NJ 07092

Attention: Mark Angelo

Email: Legal@yorkvilleadvisors.com

or at such other address and/or e-mail address and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party in accordance with this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (a) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (b) electronically generated by the sender's email service provider containing the time, date, recipient email address or (c) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by e-mail or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (A)(i), (A)(ii) or (B) above, respectively.

VI. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligations of the Company, which are absolute and unconditional, to pay the Principal of, and interest and other charges (if any) on, this Note at the time, place, and rate, and in the currency, herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of the Company. As long as this Note is outstanding, the Company shall not and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries not to, without the consent of the Holder, (i) amend its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other charter documents so as to materially and adversely affect any rights of the Holder; (ii) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire shares of its Common Shares or other equity securities; (iii) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing, or (iv) enter into any agreement, arrangement or transaction in or of which the terms thereof would materially (in each instance) restrict, delay, conflict with or impair the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the this Note, including, without limitation, the obligation of the Company to make cash payments hereunder.

20

VII. This Note shall not entitle the Holder to any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including without limitation, the right to vote, to receive dividends and other distributions, or to receive any notice of, or to attend, meetings of stockholders or any other proceedings of the Company, unless and to the extent converted into Common Shares in accordance with the terms hereof.

VIII. CHOICE OF LAW; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

A. Governing Law. This Note and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall, in all respects, be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws (excluding the principles of conflict of laws) of the State of New York (the Governing Jurisdiction) (including Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York), including all matters of construction, validity and performance.

B. Jurisdiction; Venue; Service. 

1. The Company hereby irrevocably consents to the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state courts of the Governing Jurisdiction and, if a basis for federal jurisdiction exists, the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of any United States District Court for the Governing Jurisdiction.

2. The Company agrees that venue shall be proper in any court of the Governing Jurisdiction selected by the Holder or, if a basis for federal jurisdiction exists, in any United States District Court in the Governing Jurisdiction selected by the Holder. The Company waives any right to object to the maintenance of any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, in any of the state or federal courts of the Governing Jurisdiction on the basis of improper venue or inconvenience of forum.

3. Any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or tort or otherwise, brought by the Company against the Holder arising out of or based upon this Note or any matter relating to this Note, or any other Transaction Document, or any contemplated transaction, shall be brought in a court only in the Governing Jurisdiction. The Company shall not file any counterclaim against the Holder in any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding brought by the Holder against the Company in a jurisdiction outside of the Governing Jurisdiction unless under the rules of the court in which the Holder brought such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding the counterclaim is mandatory, and not permissive, and would be considered waived unless filed as a counterclaim in the suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding instituted by the Holder against the Company. The Company agrees that any forum outside the Governing Jurisdiction is an inconvenient forum and that any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding brought by the Company against the Holder in any court outside the Governing Jurisdiction should be dismissed or transferred to a court located in the Governing Jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Company irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not bring or commence any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Holder arising out of or based upon this Note or any matter relating to this Note, or any other Transaction Document, or any contemplated transaction, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State Court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such federal court. The Company and the Holder agree that a final judgment in any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.

21

4. The Company and the Holder irrevocably consent to the service of process out of any of the aforementioned courts in any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail postage prepaid, to it at the address provided for notices in this Note, such service to become effective thirty (30) days after the date of mailing.

5. Nothing herein shall affect the right of the Holder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or to commence legal proceedings or to otherwise proceed against the Company or any other Person in the Governing Jurisdiction or in any other jurisdiction.

C. THE PARTIES MUTUALLY WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ALL CLAIMS OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS NOTE OR ANY MATTER RELATING TO THIS NOTE, OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS IS A WAIVER OF A LEGAL RIGHT AND THAT THE PARTIES EACH MAKE THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND KNOWINGLY AFTER CONSULTATION WITH COUNSEL OF THEIR RESPECTIVE CHOICE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL SUCH CLAIMS SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A JUDGE OF A COURT HAVING JURISDICTION, WITHOUT A JURY.

IX. If the Company fails to strictly comply with the terms of this Note, then the Company shall reimburse the Holder promptly for all reasonable and documented fees, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Holder in any action in connection with this Note, including, without limitation, those incurred: (i) during any workout, attempted workout, and/or in connection with the rendering of legal advice as to the Holders rights, remedies and obligations, (ii) collecting any sums which become due to the Holder, (iii) defending or prosecuting any proceeding or any counterclaim to any proceeding or appeal; or (iv) the protection, preservation or enforcement of any rights or remedies of the Holder.

X. Any waiver by the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Note. The failure of the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Note on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Note. Any waiver must be in writing.

22

XI. If any provision of this Note is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Note shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder shall violate applicable laws governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum permitted rate of interest. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the Principal of or interest on this Note as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this indenture, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or imped the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted.

XII. CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

A. Amortization Event shall mean (i) the daily VWAP is less than the Floor Price then in effect for five Trading Days during a period of seven consecutive Trading Days (a Floor Price Event), (ii) the Company has issued to the Investor, pursuant to the transactions contemplated in this Note, the Other Notes and the SEPA, in excess of 99% of the Common Shares available under the Exchange Cap, where applicable (an Exchange Cap Event), or (iii) any time after 90 days from the Issuance Date, the Investor is unable to utilize a Registration Statement to resell Underlying Shares for a period of ten (10) consecutive Trading Days (a Registration Event) (the last day of each such occurrence, an Amortization Event Date).

B. Amortization Principal Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section (1)(c).

C. Applicable Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(f).

Approved Stock Plan means any employee benefit plan or share incentive plan which has been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to which the Companys securities may be issued to any employee, officer or director for services provided to the Company.

D. Bloomberg means Bloomberg Financial Markets.

E. Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law or other government action to close.

F. Buy-In shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(ii).

G. Buy-In Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(ii).

H. Calendar Month means one of the twelve months of the year.

23

I. Change of Control Transaction means the occurrence of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the Company (except that the acquisition of voting securities by the Holder or any other current holder of convertible securities of the Company shall not constitute a Change of Control Transaction for purposes hereof), (b) a replacement at one time or over time of more than one-half of the members of the board of directors of the Company (other than as due to the death or disability of a member of the board of directors) which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the board of directors on the date hereof (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the board of directors on any date whose nomination to the board of directors was approved by a majority of the members of the board of directors who are members on the date hereof), (c) the merger, consolidation or sale of fifty percent (50%) or more of the assets of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in one or a series of related transactions with or into another entity, or (d) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth above in (a), (b) or (c). No transfer to a wholly-owned Subsidiary shall be deemed a Change of Control Transaction under this provision.

J. Closing Price means the price per share in the last reported trade of the Common Shares on a Primary Market or on the exchange which the Common Shares are then listed as quoted by Bloomberg.

K. Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

L. Common Shares means the shares of common stock, par value $0.0001, of the Company and stock of any other class into which such shares may hereafter be changed or reclassified.

M. Conversion Amount means the portion of the Principal, Interest, or other amounts outstanding under this Note to be converted, redeemed or otherwise with respect to which this determination is being made.

N. Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(i).

O. Conversion Failure shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(ii).

P. Conversion Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(i).

Q. Conversion Price means, as of any Conversion Date or other date of determination the lower of (i) $1.00 per Common Share (the Fixed Price), or (ii) 93% of the lowest daily VWAP during the 5 consecutive Trading Days immediately preceding the Conversion Date or other date of determination (the Variable Price), but which Variable Price shall not be lower than the Floor Price then in effect. The Conversion Price shall be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the other terms and conditions of this Note.

24

R. Convertible Securities means any stock or securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Shares.

S. Dilutive Issuance shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(f).

T. Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

U. Excluded Securities means any Common Shares issued or issuable or deemed to be issued by the Company: (i) under any Approved Stock Plan, (ii) upon conversion of any securities issued pursuant to the SEPA (including Common Shares issued in connection with this Note and any of the Other Notes); (iii) upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Options or Convertible Securities which are outstanding on the day immediately preceding the date of the SEAP; provided, that such issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of such Options or Convertible Securities is made pursuant to the terms of such Options or Convertible Securities in effect on such date and such Options or Convertible Securities are not amended, modified or changed on or after such date, or (iv) upon a stock split, reverse stock split, distribution of bonus shares, combination or other recapitalization events.

V. Floor Price solely with respect to the Variable Price, shall mean $0.0713 per Common Share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may reduce the Floor Price to any amounts set forth in a written notice to the Holder; provided that such reduction shall be irrevocable and shall not be subject to increase thereafter.

W. Fundamental Transactionmeans any of the following: (1) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person and the Company is the non-surviving company (other than a merger or consolidation with a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of redomiciling the Company), (2) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (3) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property, or (4) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property.

X. New Issuance Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(f).

Y. Other Notes means any other notes issued pursuant to the SEPA and any other debentures, notes, or other instruments issued in exchange, replacement, or modification of the foregoing.

Z. Payment Premium means 10% of the Principal amount being paid.

25

AA. Periodic Reports shall mean all of the Companys reports required to be filed by the Company with the Commission under applicable laws and regulations (including, without limitation, Regulation S-K), including annual reports (on Form 10-K), quarterly reports (on Form 10-Q), and current reports (on Form 8-K), for so long as any amounts are outstanding under this Note or any Other Note; provided that all such Periodic Reports shall include, when filed, all information, financial statements, audit reports (when applicable) and other information required to be included in such Periodic Reports in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

BB. Person means a corporation, an association, a partnership, organization, a business, an individual, a government or political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

CC. Primary Market means any of The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market, and any successor to any of the foregoing markets or exchanges.

DD. Registration Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the SEPA, covering among other things the resale of the Underlying Shares and naming the Holder as a selling stockholder thereunder.

EE. Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

FF. Share Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(i).

GG. Subsidiary shall mean any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (x) owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock or holds a majority of the equity or similar interest of such Person or (y) controls or operates all or substantially all of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and the foregoing are collectively referred to herein as Subsidiaries.

HH. Trading Day means a day on which the Common Shares are quoted or traded on a Primary Market on which the Common Shares are then quoted or listed; provided, that in the event that the Common Shares are not listed or quoted, then Trading Day shall mean a Business Day.

II. Transaction Document means this Note, the Other Notes, the SEPA, and any and all other documents, agreements, instruments or other items executed or delivered in connection with this Note or any of the foregoing.

JJ. Underlying Shares means the Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note or as payment of interest in accordance with the terms hereof.

KK. VWAP means, for any Trading Day, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such Trading Day on the Primary Market during regular trading hours as reported by Bloomberg L.P.

[Signature Page Follows]

26

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Convertible Promissory Note to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date set forth above.

COMPANY:

ENVIROTECH VEHICLES INC.

By:

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT I

CONVERSION NOTICE

(To be executed by the Holder in order to Convert the Note)

TO: ENVIROTECH VEHICLES INC.

Via Email: 

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to convert a portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount of Note No. EVTV-[3][4] into Common Shares of ENVIROTECH VEHICLES INC., according to the conditions stated therein, as of the Conversion Date written below.

Conversion Date: 

Principal Amount to be Converted: 

Accrued Interest to be Converted: 

Total Conversion Amount to be converted: 

Fixed Price: 

Variable Price: 

Applicable Conversion Price: 

Number of Common Shares to be issued: 

Please issue the Common Shares in the following name and deliver them to the following account:

Issue to: 

Broker DTC Participant Code: 

Account Number: 

Authorized Signature: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT B

MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION

Cash on hand and burn rate as of February 5, 2025.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex_782124.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
ex_782124.htm

Exhibit 10.2

NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS NOTE IS CONVERTIBLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE. THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN SOLD IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.

THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT (WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 1272 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED). UPON WRITTEN REQUEST (ADDRESSED TO ENVIROTECH VEHICLES, INC., 1425 OHLENDORF ROAD, OSCEOLA, ARKANSAS 72370, ATTENTION: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER), THE COMPANY WILL PROMPTLY MAKE AVAILABLE TO THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: (1) THE ISSUE PRICE AND ISSUE DATE OF THE NOTE; (2) THE AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT ON THE NOTE; AND (3) THE YIELD TO MATURITY OF THE NOTE.

ENVIROTECH VEHICLES INC.

Convertible Promissory Note

Original Principal Amount:$3,000,000

Issuance Date: February 24, 2025

Number: EVTV-3

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, ENVIROTECH VEHICLES INC., an entity organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (the "Company"), hereby promises to pay YA II PN, LTD., or its registered assigns (the Holder), the amount set out above as the Original Principal Amount (or such lesser amount as reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to repayment, redemption, conversion or otherwise, the Principal) and the Payment Premium or the Redemption Amount, as applicable, in each case if and when due, and to pay interest (Interest) on any outstanding Principal at the applicable Interest Rate (as defined below) from the date set out above as the Issuance Date (the Issuance Date), in each instance, until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon the Maturity Date or acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section (13). The Issuance Date is the date of the first issuance of this Convertible Promissory Note (as amended, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, this Note) regardless of the number of transfers and regardless of the number of instruments, which may be issued to evidence such Note. This Note was issued with a 5% original issue discount. The Company and the Holder are referred to herein at times, collectively, as the Parties, and each, a Party.

This Note is being issued pursuant the Amended and Restated Standby Equity Purchase Agreement, dated October 31, 2024 (as supplemented and amended by the supplemental agreement, dated February 24, 2025, and as may be further amended, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the SEPA), by and between the Company and YA II PN, Ltd., as the Investor. This Note may be repaid in accordance with the terms of the SEPA, including, without limitation, pursuant to Investor Notices and corresponding Advance Notices deemed given by the Company in connection with such Investor Notices. The Holder also has the option of converting on one or more occasions all or part of the then outstanding balance under this Note by delivering to the Company one or more Conversion Notices in accordance with Section 3 of this Note.

GENERAL TERMS

Maturity Date. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal, accrued and unpaid Interest, and any other amounts outstanding pursuant to the terms of this Note. The "Maturity Date" shall be March 9, 2026, as may be extended at the option of the Holder. Other than as specifically permitted by this Note, the Company may not prepay or redeem any portion of the outstanding Principal and accrued and unpaid Interest.

Interest Rate and Payment of Interest. Interest shall accrue on the outstanding Principal balance hereof at an annual rate equal to 5% (Interest Rate), which Interest Rate shall increase to an annual rate of 18% upon (i) the occurrence of an Event of Default (for so long as such event remains uncured), or (ii) upon the occurrence of a Registration Event (but only until the condition or event causing the Registration Event has been cured or the Holder is able to resell the Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act). Interest shall be calculated based on a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed, to the extent permitted by applicable law.

Monthly Payments. If, any time after the Issuance Date set forth above, and from time to time thereafter, an Amortization Event has occurred, then the Company shall make monthly payments beginning on the 10th Trading Day after the Amortization Event Date and continuing on the same day of each successive Calendar Month until the entire outstanding principal amount shall have been repaid. Each monthly payment shall be in an amount equal to the sum of (i) $495,000 of Principal (or the outstanding Principal if less than such amount) (the Amortization Principal Amount), plus (ii) the Payment Premium in respect of such Amortization Principal Amount, and (iii) accrued and unpaid interest hereunder as of each payment date. The obligation of the Company to make monthly prepayments related to an Amortization Event shall cease (with respect to any payment that has not yet come due) if at any time after the Amortization Event Date (A) in the event of a Floor Price Event, either (i) on the date that is the 10th consecutive Trading Day that the daily VWAP is greater than the Floor Price then in effect, or (ii) the Company provides the Holder with a reset notice (Reset Notice) setting forth a reduced Floor Price which shall be equal to no more than 75% of the closing price on the Trading Day immediately prior to such Reset Notice (and in no event greater than the then-effective Floor Price), (B) in the event of an Exchange Cap Event, the date the Company has obtained stockholder approval to increase the number of Common Shares under the Exchange Cap and/or the Exchange Cap no longer applies, or (C) in the event of a Registration Event, the condition or event causing the Registration Event has been cured or the Holder is able to resell the Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note in accordance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act, unless a subsequent Amortization Event occurs.

Optional Redemption. The Company at its option shall have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem (Optional Redemption) early a portion or all amounts outstanding under this Note as described in this Section; provided, that the Company provides the Holder with written notice (each, a Redemption Notice) of its desire to exercise an Optional Redemption, which Redemption Notice (i) shall be delivered to the Holder after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day, and (ii) may only be given if the VWAP of the Common Shares was less than the Fixed Price on the date such Redemption Notice is delivered, unless otherwise agreed by the Holder. Each Redemption Notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the outstanding balance of the Note to be redeemed and the Redemption Amount. The Redemption Amount shall be an amount equal to (a) the outstanding Principal balance being redeemed by the Company plus (b) the Payment Premium in respect of such Principal amount plus (c) all accrued and unpaid interest, if any on such Principal amount. After receipt of a Redemption Notice, the Holder shall have ten (10) Trading Days (beginning with the Trading Day immediately following the date such Redemption Notice is delivered to the Holder in accordance with this term of this Section 1(d)) to elect to convert all or any portion of this Note. On the eleventh (11th) Trading Day following the delivery of the applicable Redemption Notice, the Company shall deliver to the Holder the Redemption Amount with respect to the Principal amount redeemed to the extent not converted and otherwise after giving effect to conversions or other payments made during such ten (10) Trading Day period.

Payment Dates. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

Prepayment. Other than as specifically set forth in this Note, the Company shall not have the ability to make any early repayments without the consent or at the request of the Holder.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT.

An Event of Default, wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) shall have occurred:

The Company's failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal, Redemption Amount, Payment Premium, Interest, or other amounts when and as due under this Note or any other Transaction Document within five (5) Trading Days after such payment is due;

(A) The Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall commence, or there shall be commenced against the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company any proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or hereafter in effect or any successor thereto, or the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company commences any other proceeding under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect relating to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, in any such bankruptcy, insolvency or other proceeding which remains undismissed for a period of sixty one (61) days; (B) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered; (C) or the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company suffers any appointment of any custodian, private or court appointed receiver or the like for it or all or substantially all of its property which continues undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty one (61) days; (D) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company makes a general assignment of all or substantially all of its assets for the benefit of creditors; (E) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall fail to pay, or shall state that it is unable to pay, or shall be unable to pay, its debts generally as they become due; (F) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall call a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts; (G) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall by any act or failure to act expressly indicate its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing; or (H) any corporate or other action is taken by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;

The Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall default, in any of its obligations under any note debenture, mortgage, credit agreement or other facility, indenture agreement, factoring agreement or other instrument under which there may be issued, or by which there may be secured or evidenced any indebtedness for borrowed money or money due under any long term leasing or factoring arrangement of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in an amount exceeding $500,000, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, and such default is not cured within the time prescribed by the documents governing such indebtedness or if no time is prescribed, within ten (10) Trading Days, and as a result, such indebtedness becomes or is declared due and payable;

A final judgment or judgments for the payment of money in excess of $500,000 in the aggregate are rendered against the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries and which judgments are not, within thirty (30) days after the entry thereof, bonded, discharged, settled or stayed pending appeal, or are not discharged within thirty (30) days after the expiration of such stay; provided, however, any judgment which is covered by insurance or an indemnity from a credit worthy party shall not be included in calculating the $500,000 amount set forth above so long as the Company provides the Holder a written statement from such insurer or indemnity provider (which written statement shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Holder) to the effect that such judgment is covered by insurance or an indemnity and the Company or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) will receive the proceeds of such insurance or indemnity within thirty (30) days of the issuance of such judgment;

The Common Shares shall cease to be quoted or listed for trading, as applicable, on any Primary Market for a period of ten (10) consecutive Trading Days;

The Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall be a party to any Change of Control Transaction unless in connection with such Change of Control Transaction this Note is retired;

The Companys (A) failure to deliver the required number of Common Shares to the Holder within two (2) Trading Days after the applicable Share Delivery Date or (B) notice, written or oral, to any holder of this Note, including by way of public announcement, at any time, of its intention not to comply with a request for conversion of all or a portion of this Note into Common Shares that is tendered in accordance with the provisions of this Note;

The Company shall fail for any reason to deliver the payment in cash pursuant to a Buy-In (as defined below) within five (5) Business Days after such payment is due;

The Companys failure to timely file with the Commission any Periodic Report on or before the due date of such filing as established by the Commission, it being understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that due date includes any permitted filing deadline extension under Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act;

Any representation or warranty made or deemed to be made by or on behalf of the Company in or in connection with any Transaction Document, or any waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect (or, in the case of any such representation or warranty already qualified by materiality, such representation or warranty shall prove to have been incorrect) when made or deemed made;

Any material provision of any Transaction Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder, ceases to be in full force and effect;

The Company uses the proceeds of the issuance of this Note, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulations T, U and X of the Federal Reserve Board, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof), or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose;

Any acceleration of indebtedness or similar remedy due to an Event of Default (as defined in the Other Notes or in any Transaction Document other than this Note) occurs with respect to any Other Notes, or any breach of any material term of any other debenture, note, or instrument held by the Holder in the Company or any agreement between or among the Company and the Holder; or

The Company shall fail to observe or perform any material covenant, agreement or warranty contained in, or otherwise commit any material breach or default of any provision of this Note (except as may be otherwise covered by Sections (2)(a)(i) through (2)(a)(xiii) hereof) or any other Transaction Document, which is not cured or remedied within the time prescribed or if no time is prescribed within ten (10) Business Days.

During the time that any portion of this Note is outstanding, if any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and has not been waived or cured within any applicable cure period (other than an event with respect to the Company described in Section (2)(a)(ii)), the full unpaid Principal amount of this Note, together with interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof, to the date of acceleration shall become at the Holders election given by notice pursuant to Section (5), immediately due and payable in cash; provided that, in the case of any event with respect to the Company described in Section (2)(a)(ii), the full unpaid Principal amount of this Note, together with accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof to the date of acceleration, shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company. Furthermore, in addition to any other remedies, the Holder shall have the right (but not the obligation) to convert, on one or more occasions all or part of the Note in accordance with Section (3) (and subject to the limitations set out in Section (3)(c)(i) and Section (3)(c)(ii)) at any time after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing until all amounts outstanding under this Note have been repaid in full. The Holder need not provide, and the Company hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, (other than required notice of conversion) and the Holder may immediately enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. Such declaration may be rescinded and annulled by the Holder in writing at any time prior to payment hereunder. No such rescission or annulment shall affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. For the avoidance of doubt, any Event of Default not waived or cured prior to the exercise of any remedies available to the Holder shall be a continuing Event of Default.

CONVERSION OF NOTE. This Note shall be convertible into Common Shares, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section (3).

Conversion Right. Subject to the limitations of Section (3)(c), at any time or times on or after the Issuance Date, the Holder shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount into fully paid and nonassessable Common Shares in accordance with Section (3)(b), at the Conversion Price. The number of Common Shares issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to this Section (3)(a) shall be determined by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Price. The Company shall not issue any fraction of a Common Share upon any conversion. All calculations under this Section (3) shall be rounded to the nearest $0.0001. If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a Common Share, the Company shall round such fraction of a Common Share up to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp and similar taxes that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Common Shares upon conversion of any Conversion Amount.

Mechanics of Conversion.

Optional Conversion. To convert any Conversion Amount into Common Shares on any date (a Conversion Date), the Holder shall (A) transmit by email (or otherwise deliver), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York Time, on such date, a copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Conversion Notice) to the Company and (B) if required by Section (3)(b)(iii), surrender this Note to a nationally recognized overnight delivery service for delivery to the Company (or an indemnification undertaking reasonably satisfactory to the Company with respect to this Note in the case of its loss, theft or destruction). On or before the third (3rd) Trading Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the Exchange Act or other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade initiated on the applicable Conversion Date of such Common Shares issuable pursuant to such Conversion Notice) (the Share Delivery Date), the Company shall (X) if legends are not required to be placed on certificates or the book-entry position of the Common Shares and provided that the Transfer Agent is participating in the Depository Trust Company's (DTC) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, instruct such transfer agent to credit such aggregate number of Common Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled to the Holder's or its designee's balance account with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system or (Y) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue and deliver to the address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a certificate or book-entry position, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Common Shares to which the Holder shall be entitled which certificates shall not bear any restrictive legends unless required pursuant to rules and regulations of the Commission. If this Note is physically surrendered for conversion and the outstanding Principal of this Note is greater than the Principal portion of the Conversion Amount being converted, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three (3) Business Days after receipt of this Note and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the holder a new Note representing the outstanding Principal not converted. The Person or Persons entitled to receive the Common Shares issuable upon a conversion of this Note shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder or holders of such Common Shares upon the transmission of a Conversion Notice.

Companys Failure to Timely Convert. If the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the applicable Share Delivery Date to issue and deliver a certificate to the Holder or credit the Holder's balance account with DTC for the number of Common Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon such Holder's conversion of any Conversion Amount (a Conversion Failure), and if on or after such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) Common Shares to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of Common Shares issuable upon such conversion that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company (a Buy-In), then the Company shall, within three (3) Business Days after the Holders request and in the Holders discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out of pocket expenses, if any) for the Common Shares so purchased (the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue such Common Shares) shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Common Shares to which the Holder is entitled with respect to such Conversion Notice and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of Common Shares multiplied by (B) the Closing Price on the Conversion Date.

Book-Entry. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of any portion of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company unless (A) the full Conversion Amount represented by this Note is being converted or (B) the Holder has provided the Company with prior written notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance of this Note upon physical surrender of this Note. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the Principal and Interest converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon conversion.

Limitations on Conversions.

Beneficial Ownership. The Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, the Holder, together with any affiliate thereof, would beneficially own (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules promulgated thereunder) in excess of 4.99% of the number of Common Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. Since the Holder will not be obligated to report to the Company the number of Common Shares it may hold at the time of a conversion hereunder, unless the conversion at issue would result in the issuance of Common Shares in excess of 4.99% of the then outstanding Common Shares without regard to any other shares which may be beneficially owned by the Holder or an affiliate thereof, the Holder shall have the authority and obligation to determine whether the restriction contained in this Section will limit any particular conversion hereunder and to the extent that the Holder determines that the limitation contained in this Section applies, the determination of which portion of the Principal amount of this Note is convertible shall be the responsibility and obligation of the Holder. If the Holder has delivered a Conversion Notice for a Principal amount of this Note that, without regard to any other shares that the Holder or its affiliates may beneficially own, would result in the issuance in excess of the permitted amount hereunder, the Company shall notify the Holder of this fact and shall honor the conversion for the maximum Principal amount permitted to be converted on such Conversion Date in accordance with Section (3)(a) and, any Principal amount tendered for conversion in excess of the permitted amount hereunder shall remain outstanding under this Note. The provisions of this Section may be waived by a Holder (but only as to itself and not to any other Holder) upon not less than 65 days prior notice to the Company. Other Holders shall be unaffected by any such waiver.

Principal Market Limitation. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, the Company shall not issue any Common Shares upon conversion of this Note, or otherwise, if the issuance of such Common Shares, together with any Common Shares issued in connection the SEPA and any other related transactions that may be considered part of the same series of transactions, would exceed the aggregate number Common Shares that the Company may issue in a transaction in compliance with the Companys obligations under the rules or regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) and shall be referred to as the Exchange Cap, except that such limitation shall not apply if the Companys stockholders have approved such issuances on such terms in excess of the Exchange Cap in accordance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq.

Other Provisions.

All calculations under this Section (3) shall be rounded to the nearest $0.0001 or whole share.

So long as this Note or any Other Notes remain outstanding, the Company shall have reserved from its duly authorized share capital, and shall have instructed the Transfer Agent to irrevocably reserve, the maximum number of Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note and the Other Notes (assuming for purposes hereof that (x) this Note and such Other Notes are convertible at the Floor Price as of the date of determination, and (y) any such conversion shall not take into account any limitations on the conversion of the Note or Other Notes set forth herein or therein (the Required Reserve Amount)), provided that at no time shall the number of Common Shares reserved pursuant to this Section (3)(d)(ii) be reduced other than pursuant to the conversion of this Note and the Other Notes in accordance with their terms, and/or cancellation, or reverse stock split. If at any time while this Note or any Other Notes remain outstanding, the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved Common Shares to satisfy the obligation to reserve for the issuance the Required Reserve Amount, the Company will promptly take all corporate action necessary to propose to a meeting of its shareholders an increase of its authorized share capital necessary to meet the Company's obligations pursuant to this Note, and cause its board of directors to recommend to the shareholders that they approve such proposal. If at any time the number of Common Shares that remain available for issuance under the Exchange Cap is less than 100% of the maximum number of shares issuable upon conversion of all the Notes and Other Notes then outstanding (assuming for purposes hereof that (x) the Notes are convertible at the Conversion Price then in effect, and (y) any such conversion shall not take into account any limitations on the conversion of the Note, other than the Floor Price then in effect but solely with respect to the Variable Price), the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly call and hold a shareholder meeting for the purpose of seeking the approval of its shareholders as required by the applicable rules of the Principal Market, for issuances of shares in excess of the Exchange Cap. The Company covenants that, upon issuance in accordance with conversion of this Note in accordance with its terms, the Common Shares, when issued, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages or declare an Event of Default pursuant to Section (2) herein for the Companys failure to deliver certificates representing Common Shares upon conversion within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief, in each case without the need to post a bond or provide other security. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit the Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

Legal Opinions. The Company is obligated to cause its legal counsel to deliver legal opinions to the Companys transfer agent in connection with any legend removal upon the expiration of any holding period or other requirement for which the Underlying Shares may bear legends restricting the transfer thereof. To the extent that a legal opinion is not provided (either timely or at all), then, in addition to being an Event of Default hereunder, the Company agrees to reimburse the Holder for all reasonable costs incurred by the Holder in connection with any legal opinions paid for by the Holder in connection with the sale or transfer of the Underlying Common Shares. The Holder shall notify the Company of any such costs and expenses it incurs that are referred to in this section from time to time and all amounts owed hereunder shall be paid by the Company with reasonable promptness.

Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Subdivision or Combination of Common Shares. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding, shall (i) pay a stock dividend or otherwise make a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Shares or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in Common Shares, (ii) subdivide outstanding Common Shares into a larger number of shares, (iii) combine (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding Common Shares into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issue by reclassification of Common Shares any shares of capital stock of the Company, then each of the Fixed Price and the Floor Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of Common Shares (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of Common Shares outstanding after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section shall become effective, in the case of a dividend distribution, immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution or, in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification, and shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such subdivision, combination or re-classification.

Adjustment of Conversion Price upon Issuance of Common Stock. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding, issues or sells any Common Shares or Convertible Securities (other than shares issued or sold by the Company in connection with any Excluded Securities), for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price) less than a price equal to the Fixed Price in effect immediately prior to such issue or sale (such price the Applicable Price) (the foregoing, a Dilutive Issuance), then immediately after such Dilutive Issuance the Fixed Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the New Issuance Price. For the purposes hereof, if the Company in any manner issues or sells any Convertible Securities (other than shares issued or sold by the Company in connection with any Excluded Securities) and the lowest price per share for which one Common Share is issuable upon such conversion or exchange or exercise thereof is less than the Applicable Price, then such Common Share shall be deemed to be outstanding and to have been issued and sold by the Company at the time of the issuance or sale of such Convertible Securities for such price per share. No further adjustment of the Conversion Price shall be made upon the actual issuance of such Common Share upon conversion or exchange or exercise of such Convertible Securities.

Other Corporate Events. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of any Fundamental Transaction pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or in exchange for Common Shares (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to ensure that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon a conversion of this Note, at the Holders option, (i) in addition to the Common Shares receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets to which the Holder would have been entitled with respect to such Common Shares had such Common Shares been held by the Holder upon the consummation of such Corporate Event (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of this Note) or (ii) in lieu of the Common Shares otherwise receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets received by the holders of Common Shares in connection with the consummation of such Corporate Event in such amounts as the Holder would have been entitled to receive had this Note initially been issued with conversion rights for the form of such consideration (as opposed to Common Shares) at a conversion rate for such consideration commensurate with the Conversion Price. Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form and substance satisfactory to the Required Holders. The provisions of this Section shall apply similarly and equally to successive Corporate Events and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the conversion or redemption of this Note.

Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to Section (3) hereof, the Company shall promptly provide the Holder with a written notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

In case of any (1) merger or consolidation of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company with or into another Person, or (2) sale by the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company of more than one-half of the assets of the Company in one or a series of related transactions, a Holder shall have the right to (A) exercise any rights under Section (3)(b), (B) convert the aggregate amount of this Note then outstanding into the shares of stock and other securities, cash and property receivable upon or deemed to be held by holders of Common Shares following such merger, consolidation or sale, and such Holder shall be entitled upon such event or series of related events to receive such amount of securities, cash and property as the Common Shares into which such aggregate Principal amount of this Note could have been converted immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or sales would have been entitled, or (C) in the case of a merger or consolidation, require the surviving entity to issue to the Holder a convertible Note with a Principal amount equal to the aggregate Principal amount of this Note then held by such Holder, plus all accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts owing thereon, which such newly issued convertible Note shall have terms identical (including with respect to conversion) to the terms of this Note, and shall be entitled to all of the rights and privileges of the Holder of this Note set forth herein and the agreements pursuant to which this Note was issued. In the case of clause (C), the conversion price applicable for the newly issued shares of convertible preferred stock or convertible debentures shall be based upon the amount of securities, cash and property that each Common Shares would receive in such transaction and the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness or closing date for such transaction. The terms of any such merger, sale or consolidation shall include such terms so as to continue to give the Holder the right to receive the securities, cash and property set forth in this Section upon any conversion or redemption following such event. This provision shall similarly apply to successive such events.

REISSUANCE OF THIS NOTE.

Transfer. If this Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and deliver to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section (4)(d)), registered in the name of the registered transferee or assignee, representing the outstanding Principal being transferred by the Holder (along with any accrued and unpaid interest thereof) and, if less then the entire outstanding Principal is being transferred, a new Note (in accordance with Section (4)(d)) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal not being transferred. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section (3)(b)(iii) following conversion or redemption of any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal represented by this Note may be less than the Principal stated on the face of this Note. This Note may not be transferred by the Holder without written consent of the Company, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary form and substance and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section (4)(d)) representing the outstanding Principal.

Note Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section (4)(d)) representing in the aggregate the outstanding Principal of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such portion of such outstanding Principal as is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

Issuance of New Notes. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms hereof, such new Note (i) shall be of like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal remaining outstanding (or in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section (4)(a) or Section (4)(c), the Principal designated by the Holder which, when added to the Principal represented by the other new Note(s) issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the Principal remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of such new Note), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions as this Note, and (v) shall represent accrued and unpaid Interest from the Issuance Date.

NOTICES. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms hereof must be in writing by letter or electronic mail (e-mail) and will be deemed to have been delivered: upon the later of (A) either (i) receipt, when delivered personally or (ii) one (1) Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, as applicable and in each case, properly addressed to the party to receive the same and (B) receipt, when sent by e-mail. The addresses and email addresses for such communications shall be:

If to the Company, to: 

Envirotech Vehicles, Inc.

1425 Ohlendorf Road

Osceola, AR 71370

Attention: Jason Maddox

Telephone: 818-378-8246

Email: jason.m@evtvusa.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

K&L Gates LLP

1 Park Plaza, Twelfth Floor

Irvine, CA 92614

Attn: Michael A. Hedge

Telephone: (949) 623-3519

Email: michael.hedge@klgates.com

If to the Holder: 

YA II PN, Ltd

c/o Yorkville Advisors Global, LLC

1012 Springfield Avenue

Mountainside, NJ 07092

Attention: Mark Angelo

Email: Legal@yorkvilleadvisors.com

or at such other address and/or e-mail address and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party in accordance with this Section at least three (3) Business Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (a) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (b) electronically generated by the sender's email service provider containing the time, date, recipient email address or (c) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by e-mail or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (A)(i), (A)(ii) or (B) above, respectively.

Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligations of the Company, which are absolute and unconditional, to pay the Principal of, and interest and other charges (if any) on, this Note at the time, place, and rate, and in the currency, herein prescribed. This Note is a direct obligation of the Company. As long as this Note is outstanding, the Company shall not and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries not to, without the consent of the Holder, (i) amend its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other charter documents so as to materially and adversely affect any rights of the Holder; (ii) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire shares of its Common Shares or other equity securities; (iii) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing, or (iv) enter into any agreement, arrangement or transaction in or of which the terms thereof would materially (in each instance) restrict, delay, conflict with or impair the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the this Note, including, without limitation, the obligation of the Company to make cash payments hereunder.

This Note shall not entitle the Holder to any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including without limitation, the right to vote, to receive dividends and other distributions, or to receive any notice of, or to attend, meetings of stockholders or any other proceedings of the Company, unless and to the extent converted into Common Shares in accordance with the terms hereof.

CHOICE OF LAW; VENUE; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

Governing Law. This Note and the rights and obligations of the Parties hereunder shall, in all respects, be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws (excluding the principles of conflict of laws) of the State of New York (the Governing Jurisdiction) (including Section 5-1401 and Section 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York), including all matters of construction, validity and performance.

Jurisdiction; Venue; Service. 

The Company hereby irrevocably consents to the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of the state courts of the Governing Jurisdiction and, if a basis for federal jurisdiction exists, the non-exclusive personal jurisdiction of any United States District Court for the Governing Jurisdiction.

The Company agrees that venue shall be proper in any court of the Governing Jurisdiction selected by the Holder or, if a basis for federal jurisdiction exists, in any United States District Court in the Governing Jurisdiction selected by the Holder. The Company waives any right to object to the maintenance of any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, in any of the state or federal courts of the Governing Jurisdiction on the basis of improper venue or inconvenience of forum.

Any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or tort or otherwise, brought by the Company against the Holder arising out of or based upon this Note or any matter relating to this Note, or any other Transaction Document, or any contemplated transaction, shall be brought in a court only in the Governing Jurisdiction. The Company shall not file any counterclaim against the Holder in any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding brought by the Holder against the Company in a jurisdiction outside of the Governing Jurisdiction unless under the rules of the court in which the Holder brought such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding the counterclaim is mandatory, and not permissive, and would be considered waived unless filed as a counterclaim in the suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding instituted by the Holder against the Company. The Company agrees that any forum outside the Governing Jurisdiction is an inconvenient forum and that any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding brought by the Company against the Holder in any court outside the Governing Jurisdiction should be dismissed or transferred to a court located in the Governing Jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Company irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not bring or commence any suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Holder arising out of or based upon this Note or any matter relating to this Note, or any other Transaction Document, or any contemplated transaction, in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State Court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such federal court. The Company and the Holder agree that a final judgment in any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law.

The Company and the Holder irrevocably consent to the service of process out of any of the aforementioned courts in any such suit, claim, action, litigation or proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail postage prepaid, to it at the address provided for notices in this Note, such service to become effective thirty (30) days after the date of mailing.

Nothing herein shall affect the right of the Holder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or to commence legal proceedings or to otherwise proceed against the Company or any other Person in the Governing Jurisdiction or in any other jurisdiction.

THE PARTIES MUTUALLY WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ALL CLAIMS OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS NOTE OR ANY MATTER RELATING TO THIS NOTE, OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, OR ANY CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTION. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS IS A WAIVER OF A LEGAL RIGHT AND THAT THE PARTIES EACH MAKE THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY AND KNOWINGLY AFTER CONSULTATION WITH COUNSEL OF THEIR RESPECTIVE CHOICE. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL SUCH CLAIMS SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A JUDGE OF A COURT HAVING JURISDICTION, WITHOUT A JURY.

If the Company fails to strictly comply with the terms of this Note, then the Company shall reimburse the Holder promptly for all reasonable and documented fees, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Holder in any action in connection with this Note, including, without limitation, those incurred: (i) during any workout, attempted workout, and/or in connection with the rendering of legal advice as to the Holders rights, remedies and obligations, (ii) collecting any sums which become due to the Holder, (iii) defending or prosecuting any proceeding or any counterclaim to any proceeding or appeal; or (iv) the protection, preservation or enforcement of any rights or remedies of the Holder.

Any waiver by the Holder of a breach of any provision of this Note shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Note. The failure of the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Note on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Note. Any waiver must be in writing.

If any provision of this Note is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Note shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder shall violate applicable laws governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum permitted rate of interest. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the Principal of or interest on this Note as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the performance of this indenture, and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or imped the execution of any power herein granted to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law has been enacted.

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Amortization Event shall mean (i) the daily VWAP is less than the Floor Price then in effect for five Trading Days during a period of seven consecutive Trading Days (a Floor Price Event), (ii) the Company has issued to the Investor, pursuant to the transactions contemplated in this Note, the Other Notes and the SEPA, in excess of 99% of the Common Shares available under the Exchange Cap, where applicable (an Exchange Cap Event), or (iii) any time after 90 days from the Issuance Date, the Investor is unable to utilize a Registration Statement to resell Underlying Shares for a period of ten (10) consecutive Trading Days (a Registration Event) (the last day of each such occurrence, an Amortization Event Date).

Amortization Principal Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section (1)(c).

Applicable Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(f).

Approved Stock Plan means any employee benefit plan or share incentive plan which has been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, pursuant to which the Companys securities may be issued to any employee, officer or director for services provided to the Company.

Bloomberg means Bloomberg Financial Markets.

Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law or other government action to close.

Buy-In shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(ii).

Buy-In Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(ii).

Calendar Month means one of the twelve months of the year.

Change of Control Transaction means the occurrence of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or group (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the Company (except that the acquisition of voting securities by the Holder or any other current holder of convertible securities of the Company shall not constitute a Change of Control Transaction for purposes hereof), (b) a replacement at one time or over time of more than one-half of the members of the board of directors of the Company (other than as due to the death or disability of a member of the board of directors) which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of the board of directors on the date hereof (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the board of directors on any date whose nomination to the board of directors was approved by a majority of the members of the board of directors who are members on the date hereof), (c) the merger, consolidation or sale of fifty percent (50%) or more of the assets of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company in one or a series of related transactions with or into another entity, or (d) the execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth above in (a), (b) or (c). No transfer to a wholly-owned Subsidiary shall be deemed a Change of Control Transaction under this provision.

Closing Price means the price per share in the last reported trade of the Common Shares on a Primary Market or on the exchange which the Common Shares are then listed as quoted by Bloomberg.

Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Shares means the shares of common stock, par value $0.0001, of the Company and stock of any other class into which such shares may hereafter be changed or reclassified.

Conversion Amount means the portion of the Principal, Interest, or other amounts outstanding under this Note to be converted, redeemed or otherwise with respect to which this determination is being made.

Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(i).

Conversion Failure shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(ii).

Conversion Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(i).

Conversion Price means, as of any Conversion Date or other date of determination the lower of (i) $1.00 per Common Share (the Fixed Price), or (ii) 93% of the lowest daily VWAP during the 5 consecutive Trading Days immediately preceding the Conversion Date or other date of determination (the Variable Price), but which Variable Price shall not be lower than the Floor Price then in effect. The Conversion Price shall be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the other terms and conditions of this Note.

Convertible Securities means any stock or securities directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Shares.

Dilutive Issuance shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(f).

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Excluded Securities means any Common Shares issued or issuable or deemed to be issued by the Company: (i) under any Approved Stock Plan, (ii) upon conversion of any securities issued pursuant to the SEPA (including Common Shares issued in connection with this Note and any of the Other Notes); (iii) upon conversion, exercise or exchange of any Options or Convertible Securities which are outstanding on the day immediately preceding the date of the SEAP; provided, that such issuance of Common Shares upon exercise of such Options or Convertible Securities is made pursuant to the terms of such Options or Convertible Securities in effect on such date and such Options or Convertible Securities are not amended, modified or changed on or after such date, or (iv) upon a stock split, reverse stock split, distribution of bonus shares, combination or other recapitalization events.

Floor Price solely with respect to the Variable Price, shall mean $0.0713 per Common Share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may reduce the Floor Price to any amounts set forth in a written notice to the Holder; provided that such reduction shall be irrevocable and shall not be subject to increase thereafter.

Fundamental Transactionmeans any of the following: (1) the Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person and the Company is the non-surviving company (other than a merger or consolidation with a wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of redomiciling the Company), (2) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (3) any tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Shares are permitted to tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property, or (4) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Shares is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property.

New Issuance Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(f).

Other Notes means any other notes issued pursuant to the SEPA and any other debentures, notes, or other instruments issued in exchange, replacement, or modification of the foregoing.

Payment Premium means 10% of the Principal amount being paid.

Periodic Reports shall mean all of the Companys reports required to be filed by the Company with the Commission under applicable laws and regulations (including, without limitation, Regulation S-K), including annual reports (on Form 10-K), quarterly reports (on Form 10-Q), and current reports (on Form 8-K), for so long as any amounts are outstanding under this Note or any Other Note; provided that all such Periodic Reports shall include, when filed, all information, financial statements, audit reports (when applicable) and other information required to be included in such Periodic Reports in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

Person means a corporation, an association, a partnership, organization, a business, an individual, a government or political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.

Primary Market means any of The New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market, and any successor to any of the foregoing markets or exchanges.

Registration Statement means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the SEPA, covering among other things the resale of the Underlying Shares and naming the Holder as a selling stockholder thereunder.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section (3)(b)(i).

Subsidiary shall mean any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (x) owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock or holds a majority of the equity or similar interest of such Person or (y) controls or operates all or substantially all of the business, operations or administration of such Person, and the foregoing are collectively referred to herein as Subsidiaries.

Trading Day means a day on which the Common Shares are quoted or traded on a Primary Market on which the Common Shares are then quoted or listed; provided, that in the event that the Common Shares are not listed or quoted, then Trading Day shall mean a Business Day.

Transaction Document means this Note, the Other Notes, the SEPA, and any and all other documents, agreements, instruments or other items executed or delivered in connection with this Note or any of the foregoing.

Underlying Shares means the Common Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note or as payment of interest in accordance with the terms hereof.

VWAP means, for any Trading Day, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Shares for such Trading Day on the Primary Market during regular trading hours as reported by Bloomberg L.P.

[Signature Page Follows]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Convertible Promissory Note to be duly executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date set forth above.

COMPANY:

ENVIROTECH VEHICLES INC.

By: /s/ Phillip Oldridge

Name: Phillip Oldridge

Title: Chief Executive Officer

EXHIBIT I

CONVERSION NOTICE

(To be executed by the Holder in order to Convert the Note)

TO: ENVIROTECH VEHICLES INC.

Via Email: 

The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to convert a portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount of Note No. EVTV-3 into Common Shares of ENVIROTECH VEHICLES INC., according to the conditions stated therein, as of the Conversion Date written below.

Conversion Date: 

Principal Amount to be Converted: 

Accrued Interest to be Converted: 

Total Conversion Amount to be converted: 

Fixed Price: 

Variable Price: 

Applicable Conversion Price: 

Number of Common Shares to be issued: 

Please issue the Common Shares in the following name and deliver them to the following account:

Issue to: 

Broker DTC Participant Code: 

Account Number: 

Authorized Signature: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>evtv-20250224.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink 
link:presentationLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>evtv-20250224_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>evtv-20250224_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity [Domain] 

Legal Entity [Axis] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Information [Table] 

Document, Type 

Document, Period End Date 

Entity, Registrant Name 

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity, File Number 

Entity, Tax Identification Number 

Entity, Address, Address Line One 

Entity, Address, City or Town 

Entity, Address, State or Province 

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Entity, Emerging Growth Company 

Amendment Flag 

Entity, Central Index Key
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>evtv-20250224_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document And Entity Information

Feb. 24, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Entity, Registrant Name ENVIROTECH VEHICLES, INC.

Document, Type 8-K

Document, Period End Date Feb. 24, 2025

Entity, Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity, File Number 001-38078

Entity, Tax Identification Number 46-0774222

Entity, Address, Address Line One 1425 Ohlendorf Road

Entity, Address, City or Town Osceola

Entity, Address, State or Province AR

Entity, Address, Postal Zip Code 72370

City Area Code 870

Local Phone Number 970-3355

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock

Trading Symbol EVTV

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity, Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity, Central Index Key 0001563568

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000 - Document - Document And Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.evtv.com/20250224/role/statement-document-and-entity-information 
Document And Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

adom20250225_8k.htm 
evtv-20250224.xsd 
evtv-20250224_def.xml 
evtv-20250224_lab.xml 
evtv-20250224_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001437749-25-005068-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>adom20250225_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001563568 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

false 
0001563568 
8-K 
2025-02-24 
ENVIROTECH VEHICLES, INC. 
DE 
001-38078 
46-0774222 
1425 Ohlendorf Road 
Osceola 
AR 
72370 
870 
970-3355 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock 
EVTV 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>