<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001663577-25-000026.txt : 20250117
<SEC-HEADER>0001663577-25-000026.hdr.sgml : 20250117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250117160846
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001663577-25-000026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250114
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			iQSTEL Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001527702
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS (NO RADIO TELEPHONE) [4813]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				452808620
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55984
		FILM NUMBER:		25538750

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 ARAGON AVENUE, SUITE 375
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(954) 951-8191

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 ARAGON AVENUE, SUITE 375
		CITY:			CORAL GABLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PURESNAX INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151124

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PURE SNAX INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150813

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	B-MAVEN, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110810
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>iqst8k011425.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?iQSTEL Inc. - Form 8-K - June 4, 2024

false000152770200015277022025-01-142025-01-14iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

____________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January
14, 2025

iQSTEL Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 000-55984 45-2808620

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

300 Aragon Avenue, Suite 375

Coral Gables, FL33134 

33134

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (954)951-8191

________________________________________________

(Former name or former address, if changed since last
report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

[ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17CFR 230.425)

[ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

[ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company [ ]

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ]

SECTION 1 - REGISTRANT'S BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS

ITEM 1.01 - ENTRY INTO A MATERIAL DEFINITIVE AGREEMENT

On January
14, 2025, we issued a Common Stock Purchase Option (the Option) to ADI Funding LLC (ADI Funding) under
a Stock Purchase Agreement for $100,000 that expires on July 14, 2025, for the right to acquire up to 15,000,000 shares of common stock.
The exercise price per share of the common stock under the Option shall be 70% of the VWAP of the common stock during the then 10 Trading
Days immediately preceding but not including the date of exercise. The obligation to exercise each specified portion of the Option is
subject to the exercise price, being not less than $0.11 per share on the relevant Option exercise date.

ADI Funding
has the right and the obligation to exercise, on a cash basis, not less than 2,000,000 of the Option shares not later than
15 days after an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Option shares to or resale of the Option shares by ADI
Funding. From and after the occurrence of the above-referenced exercise, each additional exercise of Options hereunder shall be in an
amount not less than 1,000,000.00 shares and shall be exercised only on a cash basis.

Exercises
are required to be made in recognition of ADI Fundings beneficial ownership limitation of 4.99% of our outstanding common stock,
which upon notice may be increased to 9.99%.

If we issued
securities less than the exercise price option, ADI Funding has a right to also use that lesser price in the exercise of its Option. The
Option also contains rights to any company distributions and consideration in fundamental transactions, subject to the beneficial ownership
limitation.

We also
entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with ADI Funding to register the resale shares underlying the Option with the Securities
and Exchange Commission.

The foregoing description of the Option, Stock Purchase
Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of such documents,
which are filed as Exhibits 4.1, 10.1 and 10.2 hereto and which is incorporated herein by reference.

SECTION 9 Financial
Statements and Exhibits

Item 9.01 Financial Statements
and Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Common Stock Purchase Option, dated January 14, 2025

10.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 14, 2025

10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 14, 2025

2 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

iQSTEL Inc.

/s/ Leandro Iglesias

Leandro Iglesias

Chief Executive Officer

Date January 17, 2025

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>COMMON STOCK PURCHASE OPTION, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025
<TEXT>
NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES
FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF
ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT),
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT
TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH
SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED
IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

COMMON STOCK
PURCHASE OPTION

IQSTEL INC. 

Option No: IQST-ADI2025

Grant
Date: January 14, 2025

Option Shares: 15,000,000

Initial
Exercise Date: January 14, 2025

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE
OPTION (the Option) certifies that, for value received, ADI Funding LLC. or its assigns (the Holder)
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
January 14, 2025, subject to the Companys acceptance of a request by the Holder for an abatement of such date (the Initial
Exercise Date), and on or prior to the close of business on July 14, 2025 (the Termination Date) but not
thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from IQSTEL Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company), fifteen million (15,000,000)
shares of Common Stock (the Option Shares) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under
this Option shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).

Section 1.
Purchase Price of this Option. The purchase price (the Purchase Price) of this Option is One Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($100,000.00), which sum the Holder tendered to the Company on or about the Grant Date.

Section 2.Exercise.

a)Exercise of Option. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Option may be made,
in whole or in part, at any time or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to
the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address
of the Holder appearing on the books of the Company) of a duly executed facsimile copy of the Notice of Exercise form annexed hereto
as Exhibit A and within three (3) Trading Days of the date said Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company, the Company shall have
received payment of the aggregate Exercise Price of the shares thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashiers check drawn on a
United States bank or, if available, pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure specified in Section 2(c) below. No ink-original Notice
of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or
notarization)

of any Notice of Exercise form be required.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Option to the Company
until the Holder has purchased all of the Option Shares available hereunder and the Option has been exercised in full, in which case,
the Holder shall surrender this Option to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of
Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Option resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Option
Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Option Shares purchasable
hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Option Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the number of Option Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise
Form within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such notice. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the minimum aggregate exercise
value for each individual exercise shall be as noted hereinbelow. Further, subject to the provisions of this Section 2(a), the Holder
and the Company agree that the Holder has the right and the obligation to exercise, on a cash basis, not less than
(i) 2,000,000.00 of the Options Shares not later than 15 Days after an effective registration statement permitting the issuance
of the Option Shares to or resale of the Option Shares by the Holder. From and after the occurrence of the above-referenced exercise,
each additional exercise of Options hereunder shall be in an amount not less than 1,000,000.00 shares and shall be exercised only on
a cash basis. The Holders obligation to exercise each specified portion of this Option on the specific dates set forth in this
Section 2(a) is subject to the Exercise Price, being not less than $0.11 per share on the relevant Option exercise date.
Finally, the Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Option, as updated herein, acknowledge and agree that, by reason
of the provisions of this Section, following the purchase of a portion of the Option Shares hereunder, the number of Option Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.

b) Exercise Price. The exercise price per share
of the Common Stock under this Option shall be seventy percent (70%) of the VWAP of the Common Stock during the then (10) Trading Days
immediately preceding, but not including the date of exercise (the Exercise Price).VWAP means for or
as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average price for the Common Stock on the principal securities exchange or securities market
on which the Common Stock is then traded) during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New
York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its HP function (set to weighted average) or, if the foregoing does not apply,
the dollar volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock in the over-the-counter market on the OTC Markets Group Inc. marketplace
for the Common Stock during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported
by Bloomberg, or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for the Common Stock by Bloomberg for such hours, the average
of the highest closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for the Common Stock as reported by OTC
Markets Group Inc. If the VWAP cannot be calculated for the Common Stock on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of the Common
Stock on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations shall
be appropriately adjusted for any stock

2 

dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization,
or other similar transaction during such period.

c) Mechanics of Exercise.

i.Delivery of Option Shares Upon Exercise. Option Shares purchased hereunder shall be transmitted
by the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holders prime broker with The Depository Trust Company through
its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (DWAC) if the Company is then a participant in such system and either
(A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Option Shares to or resale of the Option Shares by the
Holder or

(B) the shares are eligible for resale
by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise by physical delivery to the address specified
by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is ten (10) Trading Days after the latest of (A) the delivery to the Company
of the Notice of Exercise and (B) surrender of this Option (if required) (such date, the Option Share Delivery Date).
The Option Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed
to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Option has been exercised, with payment to the Company
of the Exercise Price (or by cashless exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section
2(d)(vi) prior to the issuance of such shares, having been paid. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Option
Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Option Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of Option Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the
date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such
liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Option Share Delivery Date until such Option Shares are delivered
or Holder rescinds such exercise.

ii.Delivery of New Options Upon Exercise. If this Option shall have been exercised in part, the
Company shall, at the request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Option certificate, at the time of delivery of the Option Shares,
deliver to the Holder a new Option evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Option Shares called for by this Option,
which new Option shall in all other respects be identical with this Option.

iii.Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder
the Option Shares pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Option Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.

iv.Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Option Shares
Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the
Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder

3 

the Option Shares pursuant to an
exercise on or before the Option Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an
open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in
satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Option Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a
Buy-In), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x) the
Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Option Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in
connection with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was
executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Option and equivalent number of Option Shares for
which such exercise was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of
shares of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations
hereunder. For example, if the Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000
to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such
purchase obligation of $10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the
Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the
Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to
pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific
performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon
exercise of the Option as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v.No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares
shall be issued upon the exercise of this Option. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase
upon such exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal
to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share.

vi.Charges, Taxes, and Expenses. Issuance of Option Shares shall be made without charge to the
Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of Option Shares, all of which taxes and expenses
shall be paid by the Company, and such Option Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed
by the Holder; provided, however, that in the event that Option Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of
the Holder, this Option when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto as Exhibit B duly executed
by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum

4 

sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer
tax incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise.

vii.Closing of Books. The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner
that prevents the timely exercise of this Option, pursuant to the terms hereof.

d)Holders Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Option,
and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Option, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after
giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holders
Affiliates, and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holders Affiliates), would beneficially
own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares
of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of this Option with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would
be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Option beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates
and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without
limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents1) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous
to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that
such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required
to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether
this Option is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates) and of which portion of
this Option is exercisable shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to
be the Holders determination of whether this Option is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together
with any Affiliates) and of which portion of this Option is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
and the Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination
as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock,
a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Companys most recent periodic or
annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent

1Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder
thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant, or other
instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive,
shares of Common Stock.

5 

setting forth the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in
writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Option, by the Holder
or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Option. The Holder, upon not less than 61 days prior notice
to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Option held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall
continue to apply. Any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to
the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended
Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such
limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Option.

Section 3.Certain
Adjustments.

a)Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this Option is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity
equivalent securities payable in shares of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued
by the Company upon exercise of this Option), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii)
combines (including by way of reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues
by reclassification of shares of the Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall
be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding
immediately before such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
such event, and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of this Option shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise
Price of this Option shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after
the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately
after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination, or re-classification.

b)Subsequent Primary Equity Sales. If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable,
at any time while this Option is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise
dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents, at an effective price per share less than the Exercise Price then in effect (such lower price, the Base Share
Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive

6 

Issuance) (it being understood
and agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase
price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to options, options or rights
per share that are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share
that is less than the Exercise Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of
the Dilutive Issuance at such effective price), then simultaneously with the consummation of each Dilutive Issuance the Exercise Price
shall be reduced and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price and the number of Option Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased
such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise Price, shall be equal
to the aggregate Exercise Price prior to such adjustment. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustments shall be made, paid, or issued under this Section 3(b) in respect of an Exempt
Issuance. The Company shall notify the Holder, in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance or deemed issuance of
any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 3(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable
reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice, the Dilutive Issuance Notice).
For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 3(b), upon the
occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to receive a number of Option Shares based upon the Base Share Price regardless
of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. If the Company enters into a Variable
Rate Transaction2, the Company shall be deemed to have issued Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest
possible conversion or exercise price at which such securities may be converted or exercised. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Section 3(b), the Base Share Price shall not be less than eleven cents ($0.11). The Holder accepts the provision contained
in this Section 3(b) will be applied in a case-by-case basis at any Option Exercise by the Holder by the prior written approval of the
Company which consent may be withheld by the Company at its sole discretion.

c) Reserved

d) Reserved

e)Pro
Rata Distributions. During such time as this Option is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or

2
Variable Rate Transaction means, either or both of (a) an Equity Line of Credit
or similar agreement or (b) a Variable Priced Equity Linked Instrument. For purposes hereof, (i) Equity Line of Credit
means any transaction involving a written agreement between the Company and an investor or underwriter, whereby the Company has the right
to put its securities to the investor or underwriter over an agreed period of time and at future determined price or price
formula (other than customary preemptive or participation rights or weighted average or full-ratchet
anti- dilution provisions or in connection with fixed-price rights offerings and similar transactions that are not Variable Priced Equity
Linked Instruments) and (ii) Variable Priced Equity Linked Instruments means: (A) any debt or equity securities which are
convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or carry the right to receive additional shares of Common Stock either (1) at any
conversion, exercise, or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for Common
Stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or (2) with
a conversion, exercise, or exchange price that is subject to being reset on more than one occasion at some future date at any time after
the initial issuance of such debt or equity security due to a change in the market price of the Companys Common Stock since date
of initial issuance (other than customary preemptive or participation rights or weighted average
or full-ratchet anti-dilution provisions or in connection with fixed-price rights offerings and similar transactions) and
(B) any amortizing convertible security that amortizes prior to its maturity date, in which the Company is required or has the option
to (or any investor in such transaction has the option to require the Company to) make such amortization payments in shares of Common
Stock that are valued at a price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for Common Stock at any time
after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security (whether or not such payments in shares of Common Stock are subject to certain
equity conditions).

7 

otherwise (including, without limitation,
any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement,
scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Option,
then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have
participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Option (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the
Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares
of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the
benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation).

f) Fundamental
Transaction. If, at any time while this Option is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or
indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii)
the Company, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or
substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer
or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to
sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the
outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization,
recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires
more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons
making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or
other business combination) (each, a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Option,
the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Option Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior
to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the
exercise of this Option), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is
the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration) receivable as a result
of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Option is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Option). For purposes
of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and
the Company

8 

shall apportion the Exercise Price among
the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash, or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Option following such
Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any Successor
Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holders option, exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within 30 days after, the
consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, purchase this Option from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal to the
Black Scholes Value of the remaining unexercised portion of this Option on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction.
Black Scholes Value means the value of this Option based on the Black and Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from
the OV function on Bloomberg, L.P. (Bloomberg) determined as of the day of consummation of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for
a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date,
(B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg as of the
Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share
used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration,
if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (D) a remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public
announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity)
to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Option and the other Transaction Documents in accordance
with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and
approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver
to the Holder in exchange for this Option a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in
form and substance to this Option which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity
(or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Option (without regard
to any limitations on the exercise of this Option) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the
exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant
to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise
price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Option immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction,
the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions
of this Option and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity),
and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Option and the
other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.

9 

g)Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the
nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued
and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued
and outstanding.

h) Notice to Holder.

i.Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision
of this Section 3, the Company shall promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any
resulting adjustment to the number of Option Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii.Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other
distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption
of the Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or options to subscribe for
or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required
in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or
transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding
up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the Holder at its last address as it shall
appear upon the Option Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption,
rights or options, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to
such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or options are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders
of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable
upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer, or share exchange; provided that the failure to mail such notice or
any defect therein or in the mailing thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice.
To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any
of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The
Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Option during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of
the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 4.Transfer
of Option.

10 

a)Transferability. This Option and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any
registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Option at the principal office of the Company or its
designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Option substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder
or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender
and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Option or Options in the name of the assignee or assignees,
as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a
new Option evidencing the portion of this Option not so assigned, and this Option shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Option to the Company unless the Holder has assigned
this Option in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Option to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date the
Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Option full. The Option, if properly assigned in accordance herewith,
may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Option Shares without having a new Option issued.

b)New Options. This Option may be divided or combined with other Options upon presentation hereof
at the aforesaid office of the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Options are
to be issued, signed by the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be
involved in such division or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Option or Options in exchange for the Option or
Options to be divided or combined in accordance with such notice. All Options issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial
Exercise Date and shall be identical with this Option except as to the number of Option Shares issuable pursuant thereto.

c)Option Register. The Company shall register this Option, upon records to be maintained by
the Company for that purpose (the Option Register), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The
Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Option as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or
any distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary.

d)Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this Option in connection with
any transfer of this Option, the transfer of this Option shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-
of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing
such transfer, that the transferee of this Option shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms hereof and shall have the rights and
obligations of a holder of this Option.

e)Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and options
that it is acquiring this Option and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Option Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own
account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Option Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act.

11 

Section 5.Miscellaneous.

a)No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Option does not entitle the Holder to any voting
rights, dividends, or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except
as expressly set forth in Section 3.

b)Loss, Theft, Destruction, or Mutilation of Option. The Company covenants that upon receipt
by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Option or any stock certificate
relating to the Option Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which,
in the case of the Option, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Option or stock certificate,
if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Option or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in
lieu of such Option or stock certificate.

c)Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action
or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken or such right may
be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

d) Authorized Shares.

The Company covenants
that, during the period the Option is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of
shares to provide for the issuance of the Option Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Option. The Company further
covenants that its issuance of this Option shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the
necessary Option Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Option. The Company will take all such reasonable action as
may be necessary to assure that such Option Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation,
or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Option Shares which
may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Option will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Option and payment for such Option Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any
transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue).

Except and to the
extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its certificate
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or
any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Option, but will at all times
in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to
protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Option against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company
will (i) not increase the par value of any Option Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to such
increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in

12 

order that the Company may validly and
legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Option Shares upon the exercise of this Option, and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary
to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Option.

Before taking any
action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Option Shares for which this Option is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof.

e)Jurisdiction. This Option shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of Florida, without giving effect to conflicts of laws thereof. Each of the parties consents to the jurisdiction of the Courts
of the State of Florida located in the City of Miami, County of Miami-Dade, and the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida
in connection with any dispute arising under this Option and hereby waives, to the maximum extent permitted by law, any objection, including
any objection based on forum non conveniens, to the bringing of any such proceeding in such jurisdictions. THE PARTIES HEREBY KNOWINGLY,
VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE THE RIGHT ANY OF THEM MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON OR ARISING
OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OPTION OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN), OR
ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE PARTIES ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.

f)Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Option Shares acquired upon the exercise of
this Option, if not registered and the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state
and federal securities laws.

g)Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right
hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holders rights, powers, or remedies,
notwithstanding the fact that all rights hereunder terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to
comply with any provision of this Option, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such
amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including
those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of
its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.

h)Notices. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be
given under the terms of this Option must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered upon: (i) receipt, when delivered personally,
(ii) one Trading Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each case, properly addressed
to the party to receive the same, or (iii) receipt, when sent by electronic mail (provided that the electronic mail transmission is not
returned in error or the sender is not otherwise notified of any error in transmission. The address and email address of the Holder for
such communications appear on the books of the Company and the address and email address of the Company for such communications appear
on its filings with the SEC and on its website. Alternative addresses and e-mail addresses can be provided by written

13 

notice given to each other party three
Trading Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (i) given by the recipient of such notice, consent,
waiver or other communication, (ii) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders computer containing the time, date,
recipients electronic mail address and the text of such electronic mail or (iii) provided by a nationally recognized overnight
delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by electronic mail or receipt from a nationally recognized
overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

i)Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by
the Holder to exercise this Option to purchase Option Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall
give rise to any liability of the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability
is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company.

j)Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law,
including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Option. The Company agrees that monetary
damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Option and hereby
agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.

k)Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this Option and the rights
and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company
and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions of this Option are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from
time to time of this Option and shall be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Option Shares.

l)Amendment. This Option may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the
written consent of the Company and the Holder.

m)Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Option shall be interpreted in such
manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Option shall be prohibited by or invalid under
applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder
of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Option.

n)Headings. The headings used in this Option are for the convenience of reference only and shall
not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Option.

********************

(Signature Page Follows)

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Company has caused this Option to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the 10th day of January, 2025.

IQSTEL INC.

By: /s/ Leandro Iglesias

Leandro Iglesias, Chief Executive Officer

15 

EXHIBIT A

NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO: IQSTEL
INC.

(1)The undersigned hereby elects to purchase Option
Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Option (only if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise
price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

(2)Payment shall take the form of (check applicable
box):

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or

[ ] if permitted the cancellation of
such number of Option Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection 2(c), to exercise this Option with
respect to the maximum number of Option Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 2(c).

(3)Please issue said Option Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified
below:

The Option Shares shall be delivered to the following
DWAC Account Number:

(4)Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Name of Holder:_______________________________________ 

Signature of Authorized Signatory
of Holder: _______________________

Name of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________

Title of Authorized Signatory: ______________________________

Date: ______________________

16 

EXHIBIT B

ASSIGNMENTFORM

(To assign the foregoing Option, execute this form and supply
required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)

FOR VALUE
RECEIVED, the foregoing Option and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to Name:

(Please Print) 

(Please Print) 

Dated: ______________,__,____

Holders Signature:
____________________

Holders Address:_____________________

17
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025
<TEXT>
SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement), dated as of January 14, 2025, by and between IQSTEL INC., a Nevada corporation,
with its address at 300 Aragon Avenue, Suite 375, Coral Gables, FL 33134 (the Company), and ADI FUNDING LLC, a Florida
limited liability company, with its address at 7050 Aloma Ave., Winter Park, FL 32792 (the Buyer).

WHEREAS:

A.The Company and the Purchaser are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon an exemption
from securities registration afforded by the provisions of Section 4(a)(2) or Section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act (as defined below),
and/or Regulation D (Regulation D) promulgated thereunder; and

B.The parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, the Company
shall issue and sell to the Purchaser, as provided herein, and the Purchases, in the aggregate, shall purchase up to Fifteen Million (15,000,000)
of the Companys Common Stock (as defined below) pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth
in the Common Stocks Purchase Option (the Securities), the form of which is annexed hereto as Exhibit A.

NOW THEREFORE, the Company
and the Buyer severally (and not jointly) hereby agree as follows:

1. Purchase and Sale of the Securities.

a.Purchase of the Securities. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue
and sell to the Buyer and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company the Securities as is set forth immediately below the Buyers
name on the signature pages hereto.

b.Form of Payment. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Buyer shall pay the purchase
price for the Securities be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below) (the Purchase Price) by wire transfer
of immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the Companys written wiring instructions, against delivery of
the Securities.

c.Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set
forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing
Date) shall be date in which the Buyer Exercise of the purchase rights represented by the Option (Exhibit A), or such other mutually
agreed upon time. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing) shall occur on the Closing
Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties.

2.Buyers Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company
that:

a.Investment Purpose. As of the date hereof, the Buyer is purchasing the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon Notice of Exercise of the Common Stock Purchase Option (the Securities) for its own account and not with a
present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under
the 1933 Act.

b.Accredited Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term
is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited Investor).

c.Reliance on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold
to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that
the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Buyers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements,
acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility
of the Buyer to acquire the Securities.

d.Information. The Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information
and will not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure
to the Buyer.

e.Legends. The Buyer understands that the Securities have not been registered under the 1933
Act; and may bear a restrictive legend in substantially the following form:

"THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
BY THIS INSTRUMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR UNDER ANY
STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS (1) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT
WITH RESPECT THERETO IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (2) THE ISSUER OF SUCH SECURITIES
RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE BUYER OF SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUERS
TRANSFER AGENT, THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS."

The legend set
forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate without such legend to the Buyer of any Security upon which
it is stamped, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an
effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately

2 

sold, or (b) such Buyer provides the
Company with an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the
effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted
by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented by a certificate(s)
from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the
Company does not reasonably accept the opinion of counsel that properly conforms to applicable securities laws provided by the Buyer with
respect to the transfer of any Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, at the Deadline, it will be considered
an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note.

f.Authorization; Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized. This Agreement
has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer
enforceable in accordance with its terms.

3.Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the
Buyer that:

a.Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below),
if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated,
with full power and authority (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and
where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether
incorporated or unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest.

b.Authorization; Enforcement. (i) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority
to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the
Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note by the Company
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note
has been duly authorized by the Companys Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of
Directors, or its shareholders is required, (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized
representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement and the
other documents executed in connection herewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement
constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid
and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.

c.Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the authorized common stock of the Company consists
of 300,000,000 authorized shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of which 206,153,352 shares are issued and outstanding.
All of such outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

d.Issuance of Shares. The Securities are duly authorized and reserved for issuance in accordance
with its respective terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances
with respect to the issue thereof and shall not

3 

be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders
of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the Buyer thereof.

e.No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Note by the Company
and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation
of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision
of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any
rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree
(including federal and state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company
or its securities are subject) applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations,
cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). The businesses of
the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities,
in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Material Adverse Effect means any material
adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken
as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith.

f.SEC Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms,
statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act) (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein
and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein,
being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC Documents). Upon written request the Company will deliver to the Buyer true
and complete copies of the SEC Documents, except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of their respective dates or if amended,
as of the dates of the amendments, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules
and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were
filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of
the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such
statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates or if amended, as
of the dates of the amendments, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during
the periods involved and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject,
in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the
1934 Act.

g. Absence of Certain Changes. Since September 30, 2024, except as set

4 

forth in the SEC Documents, there has been
no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial
condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

h.Absence of Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there is no action, suit,
claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries
are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.

i.No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting
on its or their behalf, has directly or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security
under circumstances that would require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of
the Securities to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Companys securities (past, current or future)
for purposes of any shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities.

j.No Brokers. The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person
for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

k.No Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities
as contemplated by this Agreement will not be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company
Act of 1940 (an Investment Company). The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company.

l.Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company. If the Company breaches any of the
material representations or warranties set forth in this Section 3 which is continuing after the applicable cure period as set forth in
the Note, if any, and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event
of default under Section 4.4 of the Note.

4. COVENANTS.

a.Best Efforts. The Company shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to satisfy timely each
of the conditions described in Section 7 of this Agreement.

b.Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds for general working capital purposes.

c. Reserved.

d.Corporate Existence. So long as the Buyer beneficially owns any Note, the Company shall maintain
its corporate existence and shall not sell all or substantially all of the Companys assets, except with the prior written consent
of the Buyer.

e. Breach of Covenants. If the Company breaches any of the material

5 

covenants set forth in this Section 4,
and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement which is continuing after the applicable cure
period as set forth in the Note, it will be considered an event of default under Section 4.4 of the Note.

f.Failure to Comply with the 1934 Act. So long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, the
Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act.

g.The Buyer is Not a Dealer. The Buyer and the Company hereby acknowledge and
agree that the Buyer has not: (i) acted as an underwriter; (ii) acted as a market maker or specialist; (iii) acted as de facto
market maker; or (iv) conducted any other professional market activities such as providing investment advice, extending credit and lending
securities in connection; and thus that the Buyer is not a Dealer as such term is defined in the 1934 Act.

5. Reserved.

6.Conditions to the Companys Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder
to issue and sell the Securities to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of
the following conditions thereto, provided that these conditions are for the Companys sole benefit and may be waived by the Company
at any time in its sole discretion:

a. The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same

to the Company.

b. The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with

Section 1(b) above.

c.The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak
as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date.

d.No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have
been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory
organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

7.Conditions to The Buyers Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder
to purchase the Securities at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions,
provided that these conditions are for the Buyers sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion:

a.The
Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer.

b.The
Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note, in accordance with Section
1(b) above.

6 

c.The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak
as of a specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements
and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date.
The Buyer shall have received a certificate or certificates, executed by the chief executive officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing
Date, to the foregoing effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer including, but not limited to certificates
with respect to the Board of Directors resolutions relating to the transactions contemplated hereby.

d.No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have
been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory
organization having authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

e.No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company including but not limited to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to
be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations.

8. Governing Law; Miscellaneous.

a.Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of Florida without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Each of the parties consents to the jurisdiction of the Courts
of the State of Florida located in the City of Miami, County of Miami-Dade, and the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida
in connection with any dispute arising under this Option and hereby waives, to the maximum extent permitted by law, any objection, including
any objection based on forum non conveniens, to the bringing of any such proceeding in such jurisdictions. THE PARTIES HEREBY KNOWINGLY,
VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE THE RIGHT ANY OF THEM MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON OR ARISING
OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OPTION OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN), OR
ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE PARTIES ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.

b.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been
signed by each party and delivered to the other party.

c.Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not
form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement.

d. Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is

7 

invalid or unenforceable under any applicable
statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed
modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.

e.Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain
the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein
or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters.
No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the majority in interest of the
Buyer.

f.Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required
or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the
mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges
prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below
or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication
required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation
generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal
business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business
day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing
by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur.
The addresses for such communications shall be as set forth in the heading of this Agreement. Each party shall provide notice to the other
party of any change in address.

g.Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties and their successors and assigns. Neither the Company nor the Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any person
that purchases Securities in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under
the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company.

h.Survival. The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants
set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf
of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for
loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties
and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses
as they are incurred.

i.Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all
such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the
other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby.

8 

j.No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language
chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

k.Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause
irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges
that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or
threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available
remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing
or curing any breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic
loss and without any bond or other security being required.

[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE
IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the
Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

IQSTELINC.

By: /s/ Leandro Iglesias

Leandro Iglesias

Chief Executive Officer

ADI FUNDING LLC

By: /s/ Ariella Basdeo

Ariella Basdeo 

Managing
Member

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10_2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT, DATED JANUARY 14, 2025
<TEXT>
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 14, 2025, is by and between iQSTEL Inc., a Nevada corporation
(the Company), and ADI Funding, LLC., a Florida Limited Liability Company (the Investor).

WHEREAS:

A.In connection with the Common Stock Purchase Option granted by the Company in favor of the Investor
(the Option), the Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained therein, to issue
and sell to the Investor that number of shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock),
set forth therein (as exercised, the Option Stock). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings
ascribed to them in the Option.

B.To induce the Investor to purchase the Option, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration
rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any similar successor statute
(collectively, the Securities Act), and applicable state securities laws and other rights as provided for herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investor hereby agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS.

As used in this Agreement, the following terms
shall have the following meanings:

(a)Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any
similar successor statute.

(b) Person
means a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a
governmental or political subdivision thereof, or a governmental agency.

(c)Prospectus
means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information
previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated
under the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any
portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the
Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by
reference in such Prospectus.

(d)Registrable
Securities means all of (i) the shares of Option Stock issuable upon exercise of the Option (without giving effect to any
limitations on exercise set forth in the Option).

(e)Registration
Statement means any registration statement of the Company, including the Prospectus, amendments, and supplements to such
registration statement or Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by
reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such registration statement.

(f)Rule
144 means Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any successor rule
thereto.

(g)SEC
means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal agency administering the
Securities Act and the Exchange Act at the time.

(h)Securities
Act shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals above.

agency administering the Securities Act and the
Exchange Act at the time.

2. REGISTRATION.

(a)The Companys registration obligations set forth in this Section 2 including its obligations
to file Registration Statements, obtain effectiveness of Registration Statements, and maintain the continuous effectiveness of Registration
Statement that have been declared effective shall begin on the Grant Date and continue until all of the Registrable Securities have been
sold or may permanently be sold without any restrictions pursuant to Rule 144, as determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to
a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Companys transfer agent and to the Investor (the Registration
Period).

(b)Piggy-Back Registrations. If at any time there is not an effective Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable
Securities and the Company proposes to register the offer and sale of any shares of its Common Stock under the Securities Act (other
than a registration (i) pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-8 (or other registration solely relating to an offering or sale
to employees or directors of the Company pursuant to any employee stock plan or other employee benefit arrangement), (ii) pursuant to
a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (or similar form that relates to a transaction subject to Rule 145 under the Securities Act or any
successor rule thereto), or (iii) in connection with any dividend or distribution reinvestment or similar plan), whether for its own
account or for the account of one or more stockholders of the Company and the form of Registration Statement to be used may be used for
any registration of Registrable Securities, the Company shall give prompt written notice (in any event no later than five (5) days prior
to the filing of such Registration Statement) to the holders of Registrable Securities of its intention to effect such a registration
and shall include in such registration all Registrable Securities with respect to which the Company has received written requests for
inclusion from the holders of Registrable Securities; provided, however, that, the Company shall not be required to register
any Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 2(b) that have been sold or may permanently be sold without any restrictions pursuant
to Rule 144, as determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable
to the Companys transfer agent and the Investor.

3. RELATED OBLIGATIONS.

(a)The Company shall, not less than three (3) Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration
Statement and not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to the filing of any related amendments and supplements to all Registration Statements
(except for Annual Reports on Form 10- K), furnish to the Investor copies of all such documents proposed to be filed, which documents
(other than those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the reasonable and prompt review of such
Investor. The Company shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments or supplements thereto to which
the Investor shall reasonably object in good faith; provided, that, the Company is notified of such objection in writing
no later than two (2) Trading Days after the Investor have been so furnished copies of a Registration Statement.

(b)The Company shall furnish to the Investor, without charge, (i) at least one (1) copy of such Registration
Statement, as declared effective by the SEC and any amendment(s) thereto,

2 

including financial statements and schedules,
all documents incorporated therein by reference, all exhibits, and each preliminary prospectus, (ii) ten (10) copies of the final prospectus
included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as the Investor may
reasonably request), and (iii) such other documents, which are not publicly available through EDGAR, as the Investor may reasonably request
from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Investor.

(c)The Company shall use its best efforts to (i) register and qualify the Registrable Securities covered
by a Registration Statement under such other securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the
Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and
supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration
Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during
the Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale
in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition
thereto to (w) make any change to its Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, (x) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it
would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(c), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction,
or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the Investor of the receipt
by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities
for sale under the securities or blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice
of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

(d)As promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event or development, the Company shall notify
the Investor in writing of the happening of any event as a result of which the Prospectus included in a Registration Statement, as then
in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (provided that in no event shall
such notice contain any material, nonpublic information), and promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such Registration Statement
to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver ten (10) copies of such supplement or amendment to the Investor. The Company
shall also promptly notify the Investor in writing (i) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has
been filed, and when a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness
shall be delivered to the Investor by facsimile on the same day of such effectiveness), (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments
or supplements to a Registration Statement or related prospectus or related information, and (iii) of the Companys reasonable determination
that a post- effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate.

(e)The Company shall use its best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension
of effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in
any jurisdiction within the United States of America and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order
or suspension at the earliest possible moment and to notify the Investor of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its
receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

(f)If, after the execution of this Agreement, an Investor believes, after consultation with its legal
counsel, that it could reasonably be deemed to be an underwriter of

3 

Registrable Securities, at the request of
the Investor, the Company shall furnish to the Investor, on the date of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and thereafter
from time to time on such dates as an Investor may reasonably request, (i) a letter, dated such date, from the Companys independent
certified public accountants in form and substance as is customarily given by independent certified public accountants to underwriters
in an underwritten public offering and (ii) an opinion, dated as of such date, of counsel representing the Company for purposes of such
Registration Statement, in form, scope, and substance as is customarily given in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the Investor.
Upon the request of the documents discussed above pursuant to this Section 3(f), the Investor shall provide documents to the Company typically
provided by an underwriter of its securities in form, scope, and substance as is customarily given in an underwritten public offering,
including an opinion of counsel representing the Investor for purposes of such Registration Statement, addressed to the Company.

(g)If, after the execution of this Agreement, an Investor believes, after consultation with its legal
counsel, that it could reasonably be deemed to be an underwriter of Registrable Securities, at the request of the Investor, the Company
shall make available for inspection by (i) the Investor and (ii) one (1) firm of accountants or other agents retained by the Investor
(collectively, the Inspectors) all pertinent financial and other records, and pertinent corporate documents
and properties of the Company (collectively, the Records), as shall be reasonably deemed necessary by each
Inspector, and cause the Companys officers, directors, and employees to supply all information that any Inspector may reasonably
request; provided, however, that each Inspector shall agree, and the Investor hereby agrees, to hold in strict confidence
and shall not make any disclosure (except to an Investor) or use any Record or other information that the Company determines in good faith
to be confidential, and of which determination the Inspectors are so notified, unless (a) the disclosure of such Records is necessary
to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement or is otherwise required under the Securities Act, (b) the
release of such Records is ordered pursuant to a final, non-appealable subpoena or order from a court or government body of competent
jurisdiction, or (c) the information in such Records has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation
of this or any other agreement of which the Inspector and the Investor has knowledge. The Investor agrees that it shall, upon learning
that disclosure of such Records is sought in or by a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give
prompt notice to the Company and allow the Company, at its expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain
a protective order for, the Records deemed confidential.

(h)The
Company shall hold in confidence and not make any disclosure of information concerning the Investor provided to the Company unless (i)
disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with federal or state securities laws, (ii) the disclosure of such information
is necessary to avoid or correct a misstatement or omission in any Registration Statement, (iii) the release of such information is ordered
pursuant to a subpoena or other final, non-appealable order from a court or governmental body of competent jurisdiction, or (iv) such
information has been made generally available to the public other than by disclosure in violation of this Agreement or any other agreement.
The Company agrees that it shall, upon learning that disclosure of such information concerning an Investor is sought in or by a court
or governmental body of competent jurisdiction or through other means, give prompt written notice to the Investor and allow the Investor,
at the Investors expense, to undertake appropriate action to prevent disclosure of, or to obtain a protective order for, such
information.

(i)The Company shall use its best efforts to cause all the Registrable Securities to be listed on each
securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed. The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying
its obligation under this Section 3(i).

4 

(j)The Company shall cooperate with the holders of the Registrable Securities to facilitate the timely
preparation and delivery of certificates representing the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such Registration Statement or
Rule 144 free of any restrictive legends and representing such number of shares of Common Stock and registered in such names as the holders
of the Registrable Securities may reasonably request a reasonable period of time prior to sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to
such Registration Statement or Rule; provided, that the Company may satisfy its obligations hereunder without issuing physical
stock certificates through the use of The Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration System.

(k)The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registrable Securities to be registered with
or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities.

(l)The Company shall otherwise use its best efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations
of the SEC in connection with any registration hereunder.

(m)Within two (2) business days after a Registration Statement that covers Registrable Securities is
declared effective by the SEC, the Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to deliver, to the transfer agent
for such Registrable Securities (with copies to the Investor ) confirmation that such Registration Statement has been declared effective
by the SEC in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

(n)The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to expedite and facilitate disposition
by the Investor of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Registration Statement.

4. OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTOR.

(a)The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event
of the kind described in Section 3(d), the Investor will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any
Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities until the Investors receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended
prospectus contemplated by Section 3(d) or receipt of notice that no supplement or amendment is required. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary, the Company shall cause its transfer agent to deliver unlegended certificates for shares of Common Stock to a transferee
of an Investor in accordance with the terms of the Option in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which
an Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investors receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening of
any event of the kind described in Section 3(d) and for which the Investor has not yet settled.

(b)The Investor covenants and agrees that it will comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of
the Securities Act as applicable to it or an exemption therefrom in connection with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration
Statement.

5. EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

All expenses incurred
by the Company in complying with its obligations pursuant to this Agreement and in connection with the registration and disposition of
Registrable Securities shall be paid by the Company, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees,
printers, fees, and expenses of the Companys counsel and accountants (except legal fees of Investors counsel associated
with the review of the Registration Statement).

5 

6. INDEMNIFICATION.

With respect to Registrable
Securities that are included in a Registration Statement under this Agreement:

(a)To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless
and defend the Investor, the directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, representatives of, and each Person, if any, who controls
the Investor within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person), against
any losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, reasonable
attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement, or expenses, joint or several (collectively, Claims) incurred
in investigating, preparing, or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation, or appeal taken from the foregoing
by or before any court or governmental, administrative, or other regulatory agency, body, or the SEC, whether pending or threatened,
whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any of them may
become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or
are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in a Registration Statement or any post-effective
amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities or other blue
sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered (a Blue Sky Filing), or the omission
or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading;
(ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any final prospectus (as amended or supplemented,
if the Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any
material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made,
not misleading; or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any other law, including,
without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities
pursuant to a Registration Statement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) being, collectively, Violations).
The Company shall reimburse the Investor and each such controlling person promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable
for any legal fees, or disbursements or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any
such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a):
(x) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation that occurs in reliance upon and in
conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation
of the Registration Statement or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto; (y) shall not be available to the extent such Claim
is based on a failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the prospectus made available by the Company, if such prospectus
was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c); and (z) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim
if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed,
denied, or conditioned. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf
of the Indemnified Person.

(b)In connection with a Registration Statement, the Investor agrees to indemnify, hold harmless, and
defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth in Section 6(a), the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers,
employees, representatives, or agents and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Party), against any Claim or Indemnified Damages to which any of them may become
subject, under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or otherwise, insofar as such Claim or Indemnified Damages arise out of or is based
upon any Violation, in each case to the extent, and

6 

only to the extent, that such Violation
occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by the Investor expressly for use in connection
with such Registration Statement; and, subject to Section 6(d), the Investor will reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred
by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim; provided, however, that the indemnity agreement contained
in this Section 6(b) and the agreement with respect to contribution contained in Section 7 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement
of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Investor, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, delayed, denied, or conditioned; provided, further, however, that the Investor shall be liable under this
Section 6(b) for only that amount of a Claim or Indemnified Damages as does not exceed the net proceeds to the Investor as a result of
the sale of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless
of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification
agreement contained in this Section 6(b) with respect to any prospectus shall not inure to the benefit of any Indemnified Party if the
untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the prospectus was corrected and such new prospectus was delivered to the Investor
prior to the Investors use of the prospectus to which the Claim relates.

(c)Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice
of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified
Person or Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver
to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate
in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control
of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party,
as the case may be; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its
own counsel with the fees and expenses of not more than one (1) counsel for such Indemnified
Person or Indemnified Party to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying
party, the representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate
due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by
such counsel in such proceeding. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection
with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all
information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying
party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement
negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected
without its prior written consent; provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay,
deny, or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified
Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise that does not include as an unconditional term
thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person of a release from all liability in respect
to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights
of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms, or corporations relating to the matter for which
indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement
of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the

7 

Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this
Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action.

(d)The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof
during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred.

(e)The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar
right of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying
party may be subject to pursuant to the law.

7. CONTRIBUTION.

To the extent any indemnification
by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect
to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however,
that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities
Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation and
(ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such seller
from the sale of such Registrable Securities.

8. REPORTS UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT.

With a view to making
available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act or any similar rule or regulation of the SEC that
may at any time permit the Investor to sell securities of the Company to the public without registration and, as a material inducement
to the Investors purchase of the Option, the Company represents, warrants, and covenants to the following:

(a)The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and
has filed all required reports under section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months prior to the date hereof (or for such
shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), other than Form 8-K reports.

(b)During the Registration Period, the Company shall file with the SEC in a
timely manner all required reports under section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (it being understood
that nothing herein shall limit the Companys obligations under the Option) and such reports shall conform to the requirement of
the Exchange Act and the SEC for filing thereunder.

(c)The Company shall furnish to the Investor so long as the Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly
upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company that it has complied with the reporting requirements of Rule 144, (ii) a copy of
the most recent Annual Report on From 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company and such other reports and documents so filed
by the Company, and (iii) such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant
to Rule 144 without registration.

9. AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

Provisions of this Agreement
may be amended and the observance thereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively),
only with the

8 

written consent of the Company and Investor.
Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 9 shall be binding upon the Investor and the Company. No such amendment
shall be effective if it applies to fewer than all of the holders of the Registrable Securities. No consideration shall
be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any of this Agreement unless
the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement.

10. MISCELLANEOUS.

(a)A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever such Person owns or is deemed
to own of record such Registrable Securities or owns the right to receive the Registrable Securities. If the Company receives conflicting
instructions, notices, or elections from two (2) or more Persons with respect to the same Registrable Securities, the Company shall act
upon the basis of instructions, notice, or election received from the registered owner of such Registrable Securities.

(b)Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the
terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered upon: (i) receipt, when delivered personally, (ii)
one Trading Day after deposit with an overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, in each case, properly addressed to
the party to receive the same, or (iii) receipt, when sent by electronic mail (provided that the electronic mail transmission is not returned
in error or the sender is not otherwise notified of any error in transmission. The address and email address of the Investor for such
communications appear on the books of the Company and the address and email address of the Company for such communications appear on its
filings with the SEC and on its website. Alternative addresses and e-mail addresses can be provided by written notice given to each other
party three Trading Days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (i) given by the recipient of such
notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (ii) mechanically or electronically generated by the senders computer containing
the time, date, recipients electronic mail address and the text of such electronic mail or (iii) provided by a nationally recognized
overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by electronic mail or receipt from a nationally
recognized overnight delivery service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

(c)Failure of any party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay
by a party in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

(d)This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida,
without giving effect to conflicts of laws thereof. Each of the parties consents to the jurisdiction of the Courts of the State of Florida
located in the City of Miami, County of Miami-Dade, and the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida in connection with
any dispute arising under this Agreement and hereby waives, to the maximum extent permitted by law, any objection, including any objection
based on forum non conveniens, to the bringing of any such proceeding in such jurisdictions. THE PARTIES HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY,
AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE THE RIGHT ANY OF THEM MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON OR ARISING OUT OF,
UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS
(WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN), OR ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE PARTIES ACCEPTANCE
OF THIS AGREEMENT.

9 

(e)This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the permitted
successors and assigns of each of the parties hereto.

(f)The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise
affect the meaning hereof.

(g)This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original
but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered to the other
party hereto as an attachment to an e-mail of a copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.

(h)Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things,
and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments, and documents, as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(i)The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party.

(j)This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors
and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the Investor and the Company have caused their signature page to this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of the
date first above written.

COMPANY:

iQSTEL INC.

By: /s/ Leandro
Iglesias

Name: Leandro Iglesias

Title:CEO

INVESTOR:

ADI Funding, LLC.

By:/s/
Ariella Basdeo

Name: Ariella Basdeo

Title: Managing
Member

11 

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS OF
REGISTRATION STATEMENT

Attention:

Re:IQSTEL
INC.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

We are counsel to IQSTEL
INC., a Nevada corporation (the Company), and have represented the Company in connection with that certain Common
Stock Purchase Option (the Option) granted by the Company in favor of the Investor (the Option),
pursuant to which the Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained therein, to issue and sell to the Investor
that number of shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Common Stock), set forth
therein (as exercised, the Option Stock). In connection with the Option, the Company also has entered into a Registration
Rights Agreement with the Investor (the Registration Rights Agreement), pursuant to which the Company agreed, among
other things, to register the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act). In connection with the Companys obligations under the Registration Rights
Agreement, on 202 , the Company filed a Registration Statement
on Form S-1 (File No. 333-) (the Registration Statement)
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) relating to the Registrable
Securities, which names each of the Investor as a selling stockholder thereunder.

In connection with the
foregoing, we advise you that a member of the SECs staff has advised us by telephone that the SEC has entered an order declaring
the Registration Statement effective under the Securities Act at [ENTER TIME OF EFFECTIVENESS] on [ENTER DATE OF EFFECTIVENESS]
and we have no knowledge, after telephonic inquiry of a member of the SECs staff, that any stop order suspending its effectiveness
has been issued or that any proceedings for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC and the Registrable Securities
are available for resale under the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration Statement.

Very truly yours,

By: ________________________________

cc: ADI
Funding, LLC.

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>iqst-20250114.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>iqst-20250114_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>iqst-20250114_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 14, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 14, 2025

Entity File Number 000-55984

Entity Registrant Name iQSTEL Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001527702

Entity Tax Identification Number 45-2808620

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 300 Aragon Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 375

Entity Address, City or Town Coral Gables

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33134

City Area Code (954)

Local Phone Number 951-8191

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://iqstel.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

iqst-20250114.xsd 
iqst-20250114_lab.xml 
iqst-20250114_pre.xml 
iqst8k011425.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001663577-25-000026-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>iqst8k011425_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001527702 

2025-01-14 
2025-01-14 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001527702 
8-K 
2025-01-14 
iQSTEL Inc. 
NV 
000-55984 
45-2808620 
300 Aragon Avenue 
Suite 375 
Coral Gables 
FL 
33134 
33134 
(954) 
951-8191 
false 
false 
false 
false 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>