<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-001911.txt : 20250106
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-001911.hdr.sgml : 20250106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250106093658
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-001911
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250103
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Outset Medical, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001484612
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				200514392
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39513
		FILM NUMBER:		25509263

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3052 ORCHARD DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		669-231-8200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3052 ORCHARD DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Home Dialysis Plus, Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100219
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d900977d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000148461200014846122025-01-032025-01-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

January 3, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

Outset Medical, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Delaware 001-39513 20-0514392

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

3052 Orchard Dr.,

San Jose, California 95134

(Address of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (669)231-8200

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, par value of $0.001 per share OM The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

Private Placement 

On January 3, 2025, Outset Medical, Inc. (the Company) entered into securities purchase agreements (the Securities Purchase Agreements) with various investors, including certain members of management and certain members of the Companys Board of Directors (the Investors) for the issuance and sale by the Company of an aggregate of 863,340 shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock) in an offering (the Private Placement). The Series A Preferred Stock is being issued to the Investors pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreements, the Company has agreed to submit to its stockholders the approval of (i) the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 (the Common Stock), in accordance with Nasdaq Stock Market Rules (the Conversion Proposal) and (ii) the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock to certain members of management and certain members of the Companys Board of Directors and any shares of the Companys Common Stock issuable upon the conversion thereof (the Director Issuance Proposal) at a special meeting of the stockholders expected to be held on March 5, 2025. The Securities Purchase Agreements include customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties to the agreements. 

Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements, the Investors have agreed to purchase the Series A Preferred Stock at a purchase price of $200.00 per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $172.7 million. Institutional investors are expected to invest $168.8 million, and following the approval of the Director Issuance Proposal, certain members of management and certain members of the Companys Board of Directors are expected to invest $3.9 million. The Company expects to use the net proceeds from the Private Placement for general corporate purposes. 

The foregoing description of the Securities Purchase Agreements is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Securities Purchase Agreements, the forms of which are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 and incorporated herein by reference in their entirety. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

In connection with the Private Placement, the Company also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 3, 2025 (the Registration Rights Agreement), with the Investors, which provides that the Company will register the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock. The Company is required to prepare and file an initial registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as soon as reasonably practicable, but in no event later than 60 days after the closing of the Private Placement (the Filing Deadline), and to use best efforts to have the registration statement declared effective within 50 days after the filing of the initial registration statement with the SEC, subject to the approval of the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock being received at the Companys special meeting of stockholders. The Registration Rights Agreement also contains customary provisions including, among other things, provisions relating to indemnification and expenses. 

The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of such agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 

Following the closing of the Private Placement, the Company expects to have 52,943,808 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and approximately 268,778,808 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on a pro forma basis, which gives effect to the full conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock as of the closing date of the Private Placement, which is expected to be January 8, 2025 (Closing Date), without regard to beneficial ownership limitations that may limit the ability of certain holders of Series A Preferred Stock to convert such shares to Common Stock at such time, or the Director Issuance Proposal. 

Credit Agreement 

On January 3, 2025, the Company entered into a senior secured credit facility for borrowings up to an aggregate principal amount of $125.0 million pursuant to a credit agreement and guaranty (the Credit Agreement) among Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, LP, as administrative agent (Agent), the lenders from time to time party thereto and the Company.

Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, the lenders agreed to extend term loans to the Company in an aggregate principal amount of up to $125.0 million, comprised of (i) a term loan of $100.0 million (the Initial Term Loan) to be funded at the closing of the Credit Agreement, which is expected to be the Closing Date, and (ii) a delayed draw term loan of up to $25.0 million (the Delayed Draw Loan). The Initial Term Loan and the Delayed Draw Loan are referred to collectively as the Loans. The Delayed Draw Loan is available for funding until July 14, 2027, subject to the achievement of certain revenue milestone and other customary conditions. 

On the Closing Date, the Company expects to repay in full all amounts due under its two existing senior secured credit facilities with (i) SLR Investment Corp. and (ii) Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL, respectively, each dated as of November 3, 2022 using the proceeds of the Initial Term Loan, together with cash on hand. 

The principal amount outstanding under the Loans will accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to (i) the greater of (a) one-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate and (b) 4.00% per annum, plus (ii) an applicable margin of 8.00%, payable monthly in arrears. During the first two years after the Closing Date, a portion of the accrued interest equal to 1.50% per annum will be paid in kind and added to the principal amount of the Loans on each monthly interest payment date. The outstanding principal amount of the Loans will be due and payable on the five year anniversary of the Closing Date (the Maturity Date). The Company is obligated to pay the lenders a non-refundable closing fee in the amount of $1.0 million in respect of the Initial Term Loan on the Closing Date. The Company is obligated to pay the lenders a non-refundable closing fee in the amount of $250,000 in respect of the Delayed Draw Loan, to be due and payable upon the funding of the Delayed Draw Loan. The Company may voluntarily prepay the outstanding Loans, subject to a prepayment premium of (i) 10.0% of the principal amount of the prepaid Loans, if prepaid prior to or on the first anniversary of the Closing Date, (ii) 8.0% of the principal amount of the prepaid Loans, if prepaid after the first anniversary of the Closing Date through and including the second anniversary of the Closing Date, (iii) 4.0% of the principal amount of the prepaid Loans, if prepaid after the second anniversary of the Closing Date through and including the third anniversary of the Closing Date, (iv) 2.0% of the principal amount of the prepaid Loans, if prepaid after the third anniversary of the Closing Date through and including the fourth anniversary of the Closing Date, and (v) 0.00% of the principal amount of the prepaid Loans, if prepaid after the fourth anniversary of the Closing Date. 

The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, among others, requirements as to financial reporting and insurance and restrictions on the Companys ability to dispose of its business or property, to change its line of business, to liquidate or dissolve, to enter into any change in control transaction, to merge or consolidate with any other entity or to acquire all or substantially all the capital stock or property of another entity, to incur additional indebtedness, to incur liens on its property or to pay any dividends or other distributions on capital stock, in each case with certain exceptions. The Company has also agreed to certain financial covenants that require the Company to (i) maintain a minimum cash balance of at least $10.0 million in accounts subject to control agreements in favor of Agent, and (ii) achieve certain trailing twelve-month net revenue targets as set forth in the Credit Agreement. 

In addition, the Credit Agreement contains customary events of default that entitle the Agent to cause the Companys indebtedness under the Credit Agreement to become immediately due and payable, and to exercise remedies against the Company and the collateral securing the obligations owed under the Credit Agreement. Under the Credit Agreement, an event of default will occur if, among other things, the Company fails to make payments under the Credit Agreement, the Company breaches certain covenants under the Credit Agreement, subject to specified cure periods with respect to certain breaches, a material adverse change or a material regulatory event has occurred under the Credit Agreement, or the Company or its assets become subject to certain legal proceedings, such as bankruptcy proceedings. Upon the occurrence and for the duration of an event of default, an additional default interest rate equal to 4.0% per annum will apply to all obligations owed under the Credit Agreement. 

The foregoing summary of the Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Credit Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.4 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.02 

Result of Operations and Financial Condition. 

On January 6, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing, among other items, the signing of the Securities Purchase Agreements, entrance into the Credit Agreement, and expected revenue for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. A copy of the Companys press release is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1.

Certain financial information contained in Exhibit 99.1 is preliminary, unaudited and subject to change or adjustment in connection with the completion of the Companys quarter and year-end closing processes and the preparation of its audited financial statements for the fiscal quarter and year ended December 31, 2024, which will be contained in the Companys related Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. 

Item 7.01 

Regulation FD Disclosure. 

The information set forth in Item 2.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01. 

The information contained in this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 hereto shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This report and the exhibit attached hereto contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on managements current assumptions and expectations of future events and trends, which affect or may affect the Companys business, strategy, operations or financial performance, and actual results and other events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements due to numerous risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the use of proceeds from, and closing of, the private placement financing and the debt financing; statements about anticipated benefits of the financings, including the companys expectations that the funds will capitalize it through cashflow breakeven; as well as statements about the companys unaudited results of operations, including fourth quarter and full year 2024 revenue. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. Factors that could cause actual results or other events to differ materially from those contemplated in this report and the exhibit attached hereto Companys include risks and uncertainties related to market conditions and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the private placement and the debt financing, as well as other risks described in the Risk Factors section of the Companys public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its latest annual and quarterly reports. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. These forward-looking statements speak only as of their date and, except to the extent required by law, the Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements, whether as a result of any new information, future developments or otherwise. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits: 

No. 

Exhibit

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2025 between Outset Medical, Inc. and certain of the Investors

10.2 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2025 between Outset Medical, Inc. and certain members of management and certain directors

10.3 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2025 between Outset Medical, Inc. and the Investors

10.4# Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of January 3, 2025, by and among Outset Medical, Inc. as the borrower and Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, LP, as the initial lender and the administrative agent

99.1 Press Release issued by Outset Medical, Inc. dated January 6, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

# 

Portions of the exhibit have been excluded because it is both not material and is the type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: January 6, 2025 Outset Medical, Inc.

By: 

/s/ Nabeel Ahmed

Name: Nabeel Ahmed

Title: Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d900977dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

BY AND AMONG 

OUTSET
MEDICAL, INC., 

AND 

THE PURCHASERS 

AS SET
FORTH HEREIN 

JANUARY 3, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

1. 

Definitions 2 

2. 

Purchase and Sale of Securities 4 

2.1 

Purchase and Sale 4 

2.2 

Closing 5 

3. 

Representations and Warranties of the Company 6 

3.1 

Organization and Power; No Subsidiaries 6 

3.2 

Capitalization 6 

3.3 

Registration Rights 6 

3.4 

Authorization 6 

3.5 

Valid Issuance 7 

3.6 

Consents 7 

3.7 

SEC Filings; Financial Statements 7 

3.8 

Absence of Changes 8 

3.9 

Absence of Litigation 8 

3.10 

Compliance with Law; Permits 9 

3.11 

Intellectual Property 9 

3.12 

Taxes 9 

3.13 

Environmental Laws 10 

3.14 

Title 10 

3.15 

Insurance 10 

3.16 

Nasdaq Stock Market 10 

3.17 

Regulatory Compliance 11 

3.18 

Compliance with Health Care Laws 11 

3.19 

Accounting Controls and Disclosure Controls and Procedures 12 

3.20 

Price Stabilization of Common Stock 12 

3.21 

Investment Company Act 13 

3.22 

General Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation 13 

3.23 

Brokers and Finders 13 

3.24 

Reliance by the Purchasers 13 

3.25 

Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 13 

3.26 

Anti-Bribery and Anti-Money Laundering Laws 14 

3.27 

Compliance with Data Privacy Laws 14 

3.28 

Transactions with Affiliates and Employees 14 

3.29 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 14 

3.30 

No Additional Agreements 14 

4. 

Representations and Warranties of Each Purchaser 14 

4.1 

Organization 15 

4.2 

Authorization 15 

4.3 

No Conflicts 15 

4.4 

Residency 15 

4.5 

Brokers and Finders 15 

4.6 

Investment Representations and Warranties 16 

i 

4.7 

Intent 16 

4.8 

Investment Experience; Ability to Protect Its Own Interests and Bear Economic Risks 17 

4.9 

Independent Investment Decision 17 

4.10 

Securities Not Registered; Legends 17 

4.11 

Placement Agent 18 

4.12 

No General Solicitation 18 

4.13 

Access to Information 19 

4.14 

Certain Trading Activities 19 

4.15 

No Governmental Review 20 

4.16 

Regulation M 20 

5. 

Covenants 20 

5.1 

Further Assurances 20 

5.2 

Listing 20 

5.3 

Disclosure of Transactions 20 

5.4 

Integration 21 

5.5 

Subsequent Equity Sales 21 

5.6 

Removal of Legends 22 

5.7 

Use of Proceeds 22 

5.8 

Withholding Taxes 22 

5.9 

Fees and Taxes 22 

5.10 

No Conflicting Agreements 23 

5.11 

Reporting Status 23 

5.12 

Requisite Stockholder Approval 23 

5.13 

Beneficial Ownership Limitation 23 

5.14 

Conversion and Exercise Procedures 23 

5.15 

Short Sales After the Date Hereof 23 

5.16 

Indemnification 24 

6. 

Conditions of Closing 25 

6.1 

Conditions to the Obligation of the Purchasers 25 

6.2 

Conditions to the Obligation of the Company 26 

7. 

Termination 27 

7.1 

Termination 27 

7.2 

Notice 27 

8. 

Miscellaneous Provisions 28 

8.1 

Public Statements or Releases 28 

8.2 

Interpretation 28 

8.3 

Notices 28 

8.4 

Severability 29 

8.5 

Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury 29 

8.6 

Waiver 30 

8.7 

Expenses 30 

8.8 

Assignment 30 

ii 

8.9 

Confidential Information 31 

8.10 

Reliance by and Exculpation of Placement Agent 31 

8.11 

Third Parties 32 

8.12 

Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Right 33 

8.13 

Counterparts 33 

8.14 

Entire Agreement; Amendments 33 

8.15 

Survival 33 

8.16 

Mutual Drafting 33 

8.17 

Additional Matters 34 

8.18 

Further Assurances 34 

Exhibits 

Exhibit A
Purchasers 

Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Designation 

Exhibit C Form of Registration Rights Agreement 

iii 

This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of
January 3, 2025 by and among Outset Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the entities listed on Exhibit A attached to this Agreement (each, a Purchaser and
together, the Purchasers). 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Purchasers are executing and delivering this Agreement
in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act); 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to sell to the Purchasers, and each Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company, severally and not
jointly, upon the terms and subject to the conditions stated in this Agreement, shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (and including any other class of
securities into which the Series A Preferred Stock may hereafter be reclassified or changed into, the Series A Preferred Stock), of the Company, having the designation, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers,
restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and terms and conditions as specified in the Certificate of Designations, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Certificate of
Designations), which will be convertible into shares (the Conversion Shares and together with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Securities) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per
share (Common Stock), in accordance with the terms set forth in the Certificate of Designations; 

WHEREAS,
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Certificate of Designations, the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be subject to receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval (as defined herein); 

WHEREAS, certain other qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or
accredited investors (within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act) (the Other Purchasers) have, severally and not jointly, entered into a separate securities purchase agreement with the Company, dated as
of the date hereof (the Other Securities Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which such Other Purchasers have agreed to purchase shares of Series A Preferred Stock from the Company at the Per Share Price; 

WHEREAS, the Company has engaged UBS Securities LLC as its exclusive placement agent (the Placement Agent) for the
offering of the Securities on a best efforts basis; and 

WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the sale of the Series A
Preferred Stock, the parties hereto will execute and deliver a Registration Rights Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C, pursuant to which the Company will agree to, among other things, provide
certain registration rights with respect to the Conversion Shares under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, representations, warranties and covenants herein contained, the Company and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, agree as follows: 

1. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
following respective meanings: 

2024 SEC Reports shall mean (a) the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and (b) any Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or any Current Reports on Form
8-K filed or furnished (as applicable) by the Company after December 31, 2023, together in each case with any documents incorporated by reference therein or exhibits thereto. 

Affiliate shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more
intermediates, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person. 

Agreement has the meaning set
forth in the recitals hereof. 

Amended and Restated Bylaws shall mean the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company,
as currently in effect. 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall mean the Certificate of Incorporation
of the Company, as currently in effect. 

Anti-Money Laundering Laws has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.26 hereof. 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company. 

Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 hereof. 

Closing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 hereof.

Common Stock has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof. 

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time
Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

Company has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof. 

Contract means, with respect to any Person, any written or oral agreement, contract, subcontract, lease (whether for real
or personal property), mortgage, license, or other legally binding commitment or undertaking of any nature to which such Person is a party or by which such Person or any of its assets are bound or affected under applicable law. 

Data has the meaning set forth in Section 3.27 hereof. 

Data Security Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 3.27 hereof. 

Disclosure Document has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3 hereof. 

2 

Effective Date means the date on which the initial Registration Statement
required by Section 2(a) of the Registration Rights Agreement is first declared effective by the Commission. 

Environmental
Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.13 hereof. 

Exchange Act shall mean the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

FDA means
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. 

Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.7(b) hereof. 

GAAP has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.7(b) hereof. 

Health Care Laws has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.18 hereof. 

HIPAA has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.18 hereof. 

Intellectual Property Rights has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.11 hereof. 

Material Adverse Effect shall mean any change, event, circumstance,
development, condition, occurrence or effect that, individually or in the aggregate, has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on the business, properties, condition (financial or otherwise), management, assets,
liabilities, stockholders equity or results of operations of the Company or the ability of the Company to perform, its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements (including, without limitation, the issuance and sale
of the Series A Preferred Stock and the issuance of the Conversion Shares). 

Material Contract means any Contract to
which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound that is material to the business of the Company, including those that have been filed as an exhibit to the SEC Reports pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K.

Nasdaq has the meaning set forth in Section 3.16
hereof. 

National Exchange means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or
quoted for trading on the date in question, together with any successor thereto: the NYSE American, The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market and the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Perceptive Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement and Guaranty, by and among the Company, the lenders party
thereto from time to time and Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, as administrative agent, dated on or around the date hereof. 

Per
Share Price means $200.00 per share of Series A Preferred Stock. 

Person shall mean an individual,
partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization. 

3 

Placement Agent has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof. 

Purchaser and Purchasers have the meanings set forth in the recitals hereof. 

Purchaser Adverse Effect has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3 hereof. 

Registration Rights Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(j) hereof. 

Requisite Stockholder Approval has the meaning set forth in Section 5.11 hereof. 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to
time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

SEC Reports has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7(a) hereof. 

Securities has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof. 

Securities Act has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof. 

Short Sales include, without limitation, (i) all short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under
Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act, whether or not against the box, and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, put equivalent positions (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and (ii) sales and other transactions through non-U.S. broker dealers or non-U.S. regulated brokers (but shall not be deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock). 

Trading Day means a day on which the Nasdaq Global Select Market is open for business. 

Transaction Agreements shall mean this Agreement, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto, the Other Securities Purchase
Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Certificate of Designations and any other documents or agreements explicitly contemplated hereunder. 

Transfer Agent shall mean, with respect to the Common Stock, Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, or such other financial
institution that provides transfer agent services as the Company may engage from time to time. 

2. Purchase and Sale of Securities.

2.1 Purchase and Sale. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to
sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $168,781,600 of Series A Preferred Stock, with a purchase price per share equal to the Per Share Price. Subject to and upon the terms and conditions

4 

set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing, the Company shall issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, shall purchase from the Company, that number of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock set forth opposite such Purchasers name on Exhibit A for the Aggregate Purchase Price set forth on Exhibit A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in
this Agreement, for any Purchaser that has provided notice to the Company that this sentence shall apply to it, the Company shall not issue or sell, and the Purchaser shall not purchase or acquire, any shares of Series A Preferred Stock which, when
aggregated with all shares of Common Stock then beneficially owned by the Purchaser and its affiliates (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder
and based solely on the information provided to the Company by any such Purchaser), would result in the beneficial ownership by the Purchaser of more than 19.99% (or such other relevant percentage specified by such Purchaser) of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock immediately after giving effect to the Closing and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the number of Series A Preferred Stock and the Aggregate Purchase Price for such Purchaser shall be reduced
accordingly. 

2.2 Closing. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 6,
the closing of the purchase and sale of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Closing) shall occur remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures on a date to be agreed to by the Company and the Purchasers but (i) in no
event earlier than the second Trading Day after the date hereof and (ii) in no event later than the fifth Trading Day after the date hereof, or at such other time, date and location as the Company and the Purchasers may mutually agree in
writing (such date, the Closing Date). At the Closing, the Series A Preferred Stock shall be issued and registered in the name of each Purchaser, or in such nominee name(s) as designated by such Purchaser, representing the number
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be purchased by such Purchaser at such Closing as set forth in Exhibit A against payment to the Company of the purchase price therefor in full, by wire transfer to the Company of
immediately available funds, at or prior to the Closing, in accordance with wire instructions provided by the Company to the Purchasers at least one business day prior to the Closing, to an account to be designated by the Company (which shall not be
an escrow account). On the Closing Date, the Company will issue the Series A Preferred Stock in book-entry form, free and clear of all restrictive and other legends (except as expressly provided in Section 4.10 hereof) and
shall provide evidence of such issuance from the Transfer Agent as of the Closing Date to each Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing and anything in this Agreement to the contrary, as may be agreed to among the Company and one or more Purchasers,
if a Purchaser affirmatively notifies the Company on or prior to the date hereof that it is (1) an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (2) advised by an investment adviser subject to
regulation under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or (3) otherwise subject to internal policies and/or procedures relating to the timing of funding and issuance of securities that would require it, such Purchaser shall not be
required to wire its Aggregate Purchase Price until it confirms receipt on the Closing Date of evidence of the issuance of such Purchasers Series A Preferred Stock from the Transfer Agent in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the
Investor. The failure of the Closing to occur on the Closing Date shall not terminate this Agreement or otherwise relieve any party of any of its obligations hereunder. In the event the Closing does not occur within five Trading Days after the
Closing Date, unless otherwise agreed by the Company and the Purchasers, the Company shall promptly return any previously wired funds to the Purchasers by wire transfer of United States dollars in immediately available funds to the account specified
by each Purchaser, and any book entries for the Series A Preferred Stock in respect of such returned funds shall be deemed cancelled. 

5 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and
warrants to each of the Purchasers and the Placement Agent that the statements contained in this Section 3 are true and correct as of the date hereof and the Closing Date (except for the representations and warranties that
speak as of a specific date, which shall be made as of such date): 

3.1 Organization and Power; No Subsidiaries. The Company
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted and as
proposed to be conducted as described in the SEC Reports and to perform its obligations under all Material Contracts. The Company is qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its business
requires such qualification, except where such failure to be in good standing or to so qualify would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no subsidiaries. 

3.2 Capitalization. As of the date of this Agreement, the authorized share capital of the Company consists of 300,000,000 shares of
Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share. As of January 2, 2025, there are 52,943,808 shares of Common Stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. The shares of Common Stock
outstanding have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The issuance and sale of the Securities (including, subject to the Company obtaining the Requisite Stockholder Approval, the issuance of Conversion Shares
upon conversion of the Securities) will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise,
conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. 

3.3 Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the Transaction
Agreements or as disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports, the Company is presently not under any obligation, and has not granted any rights, to register under the Securities Act any of the Companys presently outstanding securities or any of its
securities that may hereafter be issued that have not expired or been satisfied or waived. 

3.4 Authorization. The Company has all
requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the Transaction Agreements and to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms of the Transaction Agreements. Other than the Requisite Stockholder Approval, all corporate action on the
part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders necessary for the authorization of the Securities, the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated herein and therein has been taken. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by each Purchaser and that this Agreement constitutes the
legal, valid and binding agreement of each Purchaser, this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by

6 

bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). Upon its execution by the Company and the other parties thereto and assuming that it constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of the other parties thereto, the Registration Rights Agreement
will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws
relating to or affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

3.5 Valid Issuance. The Series A Preferred Stock being purchased by the Purchasers hereunder, upon issuance pursuant to the terms
hereof, against full payment therefor in accordance with the terms hereof, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will be issued free and clear of any liens or other restrictions
(other than those as provided in the Transaction Agreements or restrictions on transfer under applicable state and federal securities laws). The issuance of the Conversion Shares has been duly authorized and the Conversion Shares, subject to receipt
of the Requisite Stockholder Approval, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and will be issued
free and clear of any liens or other restrictions (other than those as provided in the Transaction Agreements or restrictions on transfer under applicable state and federal securities laws). The Company has reserved such number of shares of Common
Stock sufficient to enable full conversion of all of the Series A Preferred Stock to the extent allowable prior to receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval and, upon receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval, the Company shall have reserved
such number of shares of Common Stock sufficient to enable the full conversion of all of the Series A Preferred Stock. Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by the Purchasers in Section 4
hereof, the offer and sale of the Securities to the Purchasers is and will be, and the issuance of the Conversion Shares will be, in compliance with applicable exemptions from (i) the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the
Securities Act and (ii) the registration and qualification requirements of applicable securities laws of the states of the United States. 

3.6 Consents. The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, the Transaction
Agreements will not contravene (i) any provision of applicable law, (ii) or the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Amended and Restated Bylaws, (iii) or any Material Contract or other material instrument binding
upon the Company, or (iv) any judgment, order or decree of any governmental body, agency or court having jurisdiction over the Company, except in the case of clauses (i), (iii) and (iv), where such contravention would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect, and no consent, approval, authorization or order of, or qualification with, any governmental body, agency or court is required for the performance by the Company of its obligations under the Transaction Agreements,
except such as have been obtained or waived or as may be required by the securities or Blue Sky laws of the various states in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities. The Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances that might
prevent the Company from obtaining or effecting any of the consents, approvals, authorizations or orders, or qualifications pursuant to this Section 3.6. 

3.7 SEC Filings; Financial Statements. 

7 

(a) The Company has timely filed or furnished, as applicable, all forms, statements,
certifications, reports and documents required to be filed or furnished by it with the SEC under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act for the one year preceding the date hereof (the SEC Reports). As of the time it was filed
with, or furnished to, the SEC (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing), each of the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act (as the case may be) and, as of the time they were filed or furnished, none of the SEC Reports contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. There are no outstanding or unresolved comments in comment letters received from the SEC staff with respect to the SEC
Reports. To the knowledge of the Company, none of the SEC Reports are the subject of an ongoing SEC review. The Company is not, and never has been, an issuer identified in Rule 144(i)(1). 

(b) As of their respective filing dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports, together with the related
schedules and notes thereto (collectively, the Financial Statements), complied as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and presented fairly,
in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates shown and its results of operations and cash flows for the periods shown, and such Financial Statements have been prepared in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods covered thereby except for any normal year-end adjustments in the
Companys quarterly financial statements. Except as set forth in the consolidated financial statements of the Company included in the 2024 SEC Reports, the Company has not incurred any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, except those incurred
in the ordinary course of business, consistent (as to amount and nature) with past practices since the date of such Financial Statements, none of which have had a Material Adverse Effect. The books of account and other financial records of the
Company are true and complete in all material respects. 

3.8 Absence of Changes. Except as otherwise stated or disclosed in the 2024
SEC Reports, between December 31, 2023 and the date of this Agreement, (a) the Company has conducted its business only in the ordinary course of business and there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company (except for
the execution and performance of this Agreement and the discussions, negotiations and transactions related thereto); (b) no material change to any Material Contract or arrangement by which the Company is bound or to which any of its assets or
properties is subject has been entered into that has not been disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports; and (c) there has not been any other event or condition of any character that has had a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.9 Absence of Litigation. Except as otherwise stated or disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports and other than a stockholder derivative
action filed on November 29, 2024 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against current and former members of the Board of Directors and certain of its officers (a copy of which is publicly available), there are no
legal or governmental proceedings pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to which the Company is a party or to which any of the properties of the Company is subject that have had a Material Adverse Effect.

8 

3.10 Compliance with Law; Permits. The Company possesses all certificates,
authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct its business, and the Company has not received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of
any such certificate, authorization or permit which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.11 Intellectual Property. The Company solely and exclusively owns or has a valid and enforceable license or right to use all patents,
inventions, copyrights, know how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures), trademarks, service marks, trade names and all other intellectual property and
similar proprietary rights (including all registrations and applications for registration of, and all goodwill associated with, any of the foregoing, as applicable) (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights) used in or
reasonably necessary to conduct its business. The Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company, are valid, subsisting and enforceable, and there is
no material pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity, scope or enforceability of any such Intellectual Property Rights. The Company has not received any written
notice alleging any material infringement, misappropriation or other violation of Intellectual Property Rights. To the Companys knowledge, no third party is infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating, or has infringed, misappropriated
or otherwise violated, any Intellectual Property Rights owned or licensed by the Company. The Company does not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate, nor has infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, any Intellectual Property Rights.
All employees or contractors engaged in the development of Intellectual Property Rights on behalf of the Company have executed an invention assignment agreement whereby such employees or contractors presently assign all of their right, title and
interest in and to such Intellectual Property Rights to the Company, and to the Companys knowledge no such agreement has been breached or violated. The Company uses, and has used, commercially reasonable efforts to appropriately maintain all
information intended to be maintained as a trade secret. 

3.12 Taxes. Except as otherwise stated or disclosed in the 2024 SEC
Reports, the Company has filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns required to be filed through the date of this Agreement or have requested extensions thereof (except where the failure to file would not, singly or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect) and have paid all taxes required to be paid thereon (except for cases in which the failure to file or pay would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect, or, except as currently being contested in good faith and for which reserves required by GAAP have been created in the financial statements of the Company), and no Tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company
which, singly or in the aggregate, has had (nor does the Company have any notice or knowledge of any tax deficiency which could reasonably be expected to be determined adversely to the Company and which could reasonably be expected to have) a
Material Adverse Effect. 

9 

3.13 Environmental Laws. The Company is, and has been, in compliance with any and all
applicable material foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules, orders, consents and regulations relating to the protection of health and human safety, the environment, natural resources, and hazardous or toxic substances, wastes, chemicals,
pollutants or contaminants (Environmental Laws). The Company (a) has received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct its business, (b) is in compliance
with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval and (c) has not received notices of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any actual or potential lability or
violation, and is not subject to any pending or to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding, investigation or claim, arising under or relating to any Environmental Law, except where such noncompliance with Environmental
Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals, failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits, licenses or approvals, or notice, action, suit, proceeding, investigation or claim would not, singularly or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no costs (including anticipated capital expenditures), obligations or liabilities associated with or arising under Environmental Laws of or relating to the Company.
Except as described in the 2024 SEC Reports, there are no proceedings pending, or to the Companys knowledge, contemplated, against the Company under Environmental Laws in which a government authority is also a party, other than such
proceedings which it is reasonably believed no monetary sanctions of $500,000 or more will be imposed. The Company is not aware of any facts or issues regarding compliance with Environmental Laws that could reasonably be expected to have a material
effect on the capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position of the Company. 

3.14 Title. The Company has good and
marketable title to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as do not materially
affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company; and any real property and buildings held under lease by the Company is held under valid, subsisting and
enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and would not reasonably be expected to materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company. 

3.15 Insurance. The Company is insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as in the Companys reasonable judgment are prudent and customary in the businesses in which they are engaged; the Company has not been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for; and the Company does not have any reason to
believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.16 Nasdaq Stock Market. The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol OM. Except as otherwise stated or disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports, the Company is in
compliance with all applicable listing requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) applicable to the Company. As of the date hereof, 

10 

there is no suit, action, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company by Nasdaq or the SEC, respectively, to prohibit or terminate the
listing of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or to deregister the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company has taken no action as of the date hereof that is designed to terminate the registration of the Common Stock under
the Exchange Act. 

3.17 Regulatory Compliance(i) . The research studies and trials conducted by or on behalf of, or sponsored by,
the Company, or in which the Company has participated, were and, if still pending, are being, conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable governmental licenses and Health Care Laws (as defined below); the Company has no
knowledge of any research studies or clinical trials which reasonably call into question in any material respect the results of the research studies and clinical trials; and the Company has not received any written notices, correspondence or other
communications from the FDA or any other foreign, state or local governmental body exercising comparable authority or any institutional review board or comparable authority requiring or threatening the premature termination, suspension, material
modification or clinical hold of any research studies or trials conducted by or on behalf of, or sponsored by, the Company or in which the Company has participated and, to the Companys knowledge, there are no reasonable grounds for the same.

3.18 Compliance with Health Care Laws. For purposes of this Agreement, Health Care Laws means all health care
laws applicable to the Company, including, but not limited to: the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq), the Anti-Kickback Statute (42
U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)), the Civil Monetary Penalties Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a), the Physician Payment Sunshine Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7h), the Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. Section 3729 et seq.), the criminal False Claims Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(a)), all
criminal laws relating to health care fraud and abuse, including but not limited to 18 U.S.C. Sections 286 and 287, and the health care fraud criminal provisions under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996
(HIPAA) (42 U.S.C. Section 1320d et seq.), the exclusion laws (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7), HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical
Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.), Medicare (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act), Medicaid (Title XIX of the Social Security Act), and any and all other similar state, local, federal or foreign health care laws and the
regulations promulgated pursuant to such laws, including, without limitation, the FDAs current good manufacturing practice regulations at 21 CFR Part 820 and all other laws and regulations applicable to ownership, testing, development,
manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, storage, import, export or disposal of the Companys products, each as amended from time to time. Except as would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect or as disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports, the Company (i) is and at all times has been in compliance with all Health Care Laws and has not engaged in activities which are, as applicable, cause for false claims liability,
civil penalties, or mandatory or permissive exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid, or any other state or federal health care program; and (ii) has not received any FDA Form 483, written notice of adverse finding, warning letter, untitled letter or
other correspondence or written notice from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority alleging or asserting noncompliance with (x) any Health Care Laws or (y) any governmental licenses required by any such Health Care
Laws. Except as would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or as disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports, the Company has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents,
forms, 

11 

notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Health Care Laws or governmental licenses and all such reports, documents, forms, notices,
applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were materially complete and correct on the date filed (or were materially corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission). Except as would not, singly or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or as disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports, the Company has not received written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or
other action from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging a violation of any Health Care Laws, and, to the Companys knowledge, no such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement,
investigation, arbitration or other action is threatened. The Company is not a party to and has no ongoing reporting obligations pursuant to any corporate integrity agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees,
settlement orders, plans of correction or similar agreements with or imposed by any governmental entity. Additionally, neither the Company nor any of its employees, officers, directors, or, to the knowledge of the Company, agents, has been excluded,
suspended or debarred from participation in any U.S. federal health care program or human research study or clinical trial or, to the knowledge of the Company, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar action
that would reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion. 

3.19 Accounting Controls and Disclosure Controls
and Procedures. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting
controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that (a) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (b) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (c) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (d) the recorded accountability for assets is
compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year, there has been (i) no material weakness in the
Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (ii) no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially and adversely affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially and adversely affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. The Company maintains an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule
13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that complies with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and that has been designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that
it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated
and communicated to the Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company has carried out evaluations of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. 

3.20 Price Stabilization of Common Stock. The Company has not taken,
nor will it take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to stabilize or manipulate the price of the Common Stock to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities. 

12 

3.21 Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and immediately after receipt of
payment for the Securities will not be, required to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

3.22 General Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation. Neither the Company nor any other person or entity authorized by the Company
to act on its behalf has engaged in a general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D of the Securities Act) with respect to offers or sales of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement. The Company has not, directly
or indirectly, sold, offered for sale, solicited offers to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of, any security (as defined in the Securities Act) which, to its knowledge, is or will be (i) integrated with the Securities sold pursuant to
this Agreement for purposes of the Securities Act or (ii) aggregated with prior offerings by the Company for the purposes of the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers set
forth in Section 4, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any Company security or solicited any offers to buy any
Company security, under circumstances that would adversely affect reliance by the Company on Section 4(a)(2) for the exemption from registration for the transactions contemplated hereby. 

3.23 Brokers and Finders. Other than (i) to Persons (other than the Placement Agent) resulting in fees not exceeding
$250,000 and (ii) the Placement Agent, neither the Company nor any other Person authorized by the Company to act on its behalf has retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made for fees of a type contemplated in this Section 3.23 that may be due in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Agreements. 

3.24 Reliance by the Purchasers. The Company acknowledges that each of the Purchasers
will rely upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Companys compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements and understandings of the Company set forth herein. 

3.25 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates, nor any director, officer, or employee
thereof, or, to the knowledge of the Company any agent, representative or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its affiliates is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such
persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA), including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce
corruptly in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such
term is defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA and the Company and its affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with the
FCPA and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith. 

13 

3.26 Anti-Bribery and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company are
and have been conducted at all times in material compliance with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), and the applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the rules and regulations thereunder and
any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or
governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

3.27 Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company has complied in all material respects and is presently in compliance with all
internal and external privacy policies, contractual obligations, industry standards, applicable laws, statutes, judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or other governmental or regulatory authority and any other legal
obligations, in each case, relating to the collection, use, transfer, import, export, storage, protection, disposal and disclosure by the Company of personally identifiable or other regulated data (Data Security Obligations, and
such data, Data). The Company has not received any written notification of or complaint regarding material non-compliance with any Data Security Obligation. There is no action, suit, investigation or proceeding by or before any
court or governmental agency, authority or body pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened alleging non-compliance with any Data Security Obligation. 

3.28 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one
hand, and the directors, officers, stockholders, customers or suppliers of the Company, on the other hand, that is required to be described in the SEC Reports that is not so described. 

3.29 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship
between the Company and an unconsolidated or other off-balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in SEC Reports and is not so disclosed. 

3.30 No Additional Agreements. The Company does not have and will not enter into any agreement or understanding (including side letters)
with any Purchaser with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements other than as specified in the Transaction Agreements. No Other Securities Purchase Agreement includes terms and conditions that are materially more
advantageous to any Other Purchase thereunder than those provided to the Purchasers hereunder. 

4. Representations and Warranties of
Each Purchaser. Each Purchaser, severally for itself and not jointly with any other Purchaser, represents and warrants to the Company and the Placement Agent that the statements contained in this Section 4 are true and
correct as of the date hereof and the Closing Date: 

14 

4.1 Organization. Such Purchaser is duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and has the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder. 

4.2 Authorization. Such Purchaser has all requisite corporate or similar power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other
Transaction Agreements to which it will be a party and to carry out and perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. All corporate, member or partnership action on the part of such Purchaser or its stockholders, members or partners necessary
for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it will be a party and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated herein has been taken. The signature of the
Purchaser on this Agreement is genuine and the signatory to this Agreement, if the Purchaser is an individual, has the legal competence and capacity to execute the same or, if the Purchaser is not an individual, the signatory has been duly
authorized to execute the same on behalf of the Purchaser. Assuming this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of the Company, this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable
against such Purchaser in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited or otherwise affected by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and/or similar laws relating to or
affecting the rights of creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

4.3 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements by such Purchaser, the purchase of the
Securities in accordance with their terms and the consummation by such Purchaser of the other transactions contemplated hereby will not conflict with or result in any violation of, breach or default by such Purchaser (with or without notice or lapse
of time, or both) under, conflict with, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation, a change of control right or to a loss of a material benefit under (i) any provision of the organizational documents
of such Purchaser, including, without limitation, its incorporation or formation papers, bylaws, indenture of trust or partnership or operating agreement, as may be applicable or (ii) any agreement or instrument, undertaking, credit facility,
franchise, license, judgment, order, ruling, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulations, applicable to such Purchaser or its respective properties or assets, except, in the case of clause (ii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be
reasonably expected to materially delay or hinder the ability of such Purchaser to perform its obligations under the Transaction Agreements (such delay or hindrance, a Purchaser Adverse Effect). 

4.4 Residency. Such Purchasers residence (if an individual) or offices in which its investment decision with respect to the
Securities was made (if an entity) are located at the address immediately below such Purchasers name on Exhibit A. 

4.5 Brokers and Finders. Such Purchaser has not retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement whose fees the Company would be required to pay. 

15 

4.6 Investment Representations and Warranties. Such Purchaser hereby represents and
warrants that, it (i) as of the date hereof is, if an entity, is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or an institutional accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule
501(a) under Regulation D promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act; or (ii) if an individual, is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D of the Securities Act and has such knowledge and
experience in financial and business matters as to be able to protect its own interests in connection with an investment in the Securities. Such Purchaser further represents and warrants that (x) it is a sophisticated institutional investor,
experienced in investing in private equity transactions and capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities, including the
Purchasers investment with respect to the Securities, and (y) that it has not been organized for the purpose of acquiring the Securities and is an institutional account as defined by FINRA Rule 4512(c). Such Purchaser
understands and agrees that the offering and sale of the Securities has not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws and is being made in reliance upon federal and state exemptions for transactions not
involving a public offering which depend upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of such Purchasers representations as expressed herein. 

4.7 Intent. Such Purchaser is purchasing the Securities (and the Conversion Shares) solely for investment purposes, for such
Purchasers own account and not for the account of others, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and the Purchaser has no present intention of selling, granting any
participation in, or otherwise distributing the same in violation of the Securities Act without prejudice, however, to the Purchasers right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Securities (or Conversion Shares)
in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such Purchaser is purchasing the Securities (and Conversion Shares) as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, such Purchaser has full
investment discretion with respect to each such account, and the full power and authority to make the acknowledgements, representations and agreements herein on behalf of each owner of each such account. Such Purchaser understands that the
Securities (and Conversion Shares) must be held indefinitely unless such Securities (or Conversion Shares) are resold pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty or agreement by such Purchaser that it will hold the Securities (or Conversion Shares) for any period of time. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its
business. 

Such Purchaser does not presently have any agreement, plan or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to
distribute or effect any distribution of any of the Securities (or any securities which are derivatives thereof) to or through any person or entity in violation of federal securities law; such Purchaser is not a registered broker-dealer under
Section 15 of the Exchange Act or an entity engaged in a business that would require it to be so registered as a broker-dealer. 

16 

4.8 Investment Experience; Ability to Protect Its Own Interests and Bear Economic
Risks. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it can bear the economic risk and complete loss of its investment in the Securities and has knowledge and experience in finance, securities, taxation, investments and other business matters as to be
capable of evaluating the merits and risks of investments of the kind described in this Agreement and contemplated hereby, and such Purchaser has had an opportunity to seek, and has sought, such accounting, legal, business and tax advice as such
Purchaser has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision. Such Purchaser acknowledges that such Purchaser (i) is a sophisticated investor, experienced in investing in private placements of equity securities and capable of
evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities and (ii) has exercised independent judgment in evaluating its participation in the
purchase of the Securities. Such Purchaser acknowledges that such Purchaser is aware that there are substantial risks incident to the purchase and ownership of the Securities, including those set forth in the Companys filings with the SEC.
Alone, or together with any professional advisor(s), such Purchaser has adequately analyzed and fully considered the risks of an investment in the Securities and determined that the Securities are a suitable investment for such Purchaser. Such
Purchaser is, at this time and in the foreseeable future, able to afford the loss of such Purchasers entire investment in the Securities and such Purchaser acknowledges specifically that a possibility of total loss exists. 

4.9 Independent Investment Decision. Such Purchaser understands that nothing in the Transaction Agreements or any other materials
presented by or on behalf of the Company to such Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. Such Purchaser has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in their sole
discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Securities. 

4.10 Securities Not Registered;
Legends. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Securities are being offered in a transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act, and such Purchaser understands that the Securities have not been
registered under the Securities Act, by reason of their issuance by the Company in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and that the Securities must continue to be held and may not be offered, resold,
transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of by such Purchaser unless a subsequent disposition thereof is registered under the Securities Act or is exempt from such registration and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of
any state of the United States. Such Purchaser understands that the exemptions from registration afforded by Rule 144 (the provisions of which are known to it) promulgated under the Securities Act depend on the satisfaction of various conditions
including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period and on requirements relating to the Company which are outside of such Purchasers control and which the Company may not be able to satisfy, and that, if applicable,
Rule 144 may afford the basis for sales only in limited amounts. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it has been advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, transfer, pledge or disposition of any of the Securities.
Such Purchaser acknowledges that no federal or state agency has passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities or made any findings or determination as to the fairness of this investment. 

Such Purchaser understands that the Series A Preferred Stock and Conversion Shares may bear one or more legends in substantially the following
form and substance: 

17 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THESE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN AVAILABLE REGISTRATION EXEMPTION. 

In addition,
the Series A Preferred Stock and Conversion Shares may contain a legend regarding affiliate status of the Purchaser, if applicable. 

4.11
Placement Agent. Such Purchaser hereby acknowledges and agrees that (a) the Placement Agent is acting solely as placement agent in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements and the issuance of
the Securities to Purchaser and neither the Placement Agent nor any of its affiliates have acted as an underwriter or in any other capacity and is not and shall not be construed as a fiduciary or financial advisor for such Purchaser, the Company or
any other person or entity in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements and the issuance and purchase of the Securities, (b) the Placement Agent has not made and does not make any representation or
warranty, whether express or implied, of any kind or character, or has not provided any advice or recommendation in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements or with respect to the Securities, nor is such
information or advice necessary or desired, (c) the Placement Agent will not have any responsibility with respect to (i) any representations, warranties or agreements made by any person or entity under or in connection with the execution,
delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements, or the execution, legality, validity or enforceability (with respect to any person) thereof, or (ii) the business, affairs, financial condition, operations, properties or prospects of, or
any other matter concerning the Company, and (d) the Placement Agent will not have any liability or obligation (including without limitation, for or with respect to any losses, claims, damages, obligations, penalties, judgments, awards,
liabilities, costs, expenses or disbursements incurred by such Purchaser, the Company or any other person or entity), whether in contract, tort or otherwise, to such Purchaser, or to any person claiming through it, in respect of the execution,
delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements, except in each case for the Placement Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. No disclosure or offering document has been prepared by the Placement Agent nor any of its
affiliates in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities. Neither the Placement Agent nor any of its affiliates have made or make any representation as to the quality or value of the Securities and the Placement Agent and any of its
respective affiliates may have acquired non-public information with respect to the Company which Purchaser agrees need not be provided to it. 

4.12 No General Solicitation. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is purchasing the Securities directly from the
Company. Such Purchaser became aware of this offering of the Securities solely by means of direct contact from the Placement Agent or directly from the Company as a result of a pre-existing, substantive
relationship with the Company or the Placement Agent, and/or their respective advisors (including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants, bankers, consultants and financial advisors), agents, control persons, representatives, affiliates,
directors, officers, managers, members, employees and/or the representatives of such persons. The Securities were offered to such Purchaser solely by direct contact between Purchaser 

18 

and the Company, the Placement Agent and/or their respective representatives. Purchaser did not become aware of this offering of the Securities, nor were the Securities offered to Purchaser, by
any other means, and none of the Company, the Placement Agent and/or their respective representatives acted as investment advisor, broker or dealer to such Purchaser. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any general or
public solicitation or general advertising, or publicly disseminated advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television, radio or the
internet or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement, including any of the methods described in Section 502(c) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. 

4.13 Access to Information. In making its decision to purchase the Securities, such Purchaser has relied solely upon independent
investigation made by such Purchaser and upon the representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein and upon the statements contained in the SEC Reports. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that such Purchaser has received such
information as such Purchaser deems necessary in order to make an investment decision with respect to the Securities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such Purchaser acknowledges that copies of the 2024 SEC Reports filed prior to
the date hereof are available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that such Purchaser and its professional advisor(s), if any, have had the opportunity to ask such questions, receive such answers and obtain such
information from the Company regarding the Company, its business and the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities as such Purchaser and its professional advisor(s), if any, have deemed necessary to make an investment decision with
respect to the Securities and that such Purchaser has independently made its own analysis and decision to invest in the Company. 

4.14
Certain Trading Activities. Other than consummating the transaction contemplated hereby, the Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser was first contacted by the Company or any other Person regarding the transaction contemplated hereby and
ending immediately prior to the date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets
and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of the assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement and (ii) in the case of a Purchaser whose investment adviser utilized an information barrier with respect to
the information regarding the transactions contemplated hereunder after first being contacted by the Company or such other Person representing the Company, the representation set forth above shall only apply after the point in time when the
portfolio manager who manages such Purchasers assets was informed of the information regarding the transactions contemplated hereunder and, with respect to the Purchasers investment adviser, the representation set forth above shall only
apply with respect to any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company on behalf of other funds or investment vehicles for which the Purchasers investment adviser is also an investment adviser or subadviser after
the point in time when the portfolio manager who manages 

19 

the assets of such other funds or investment vehicles for which the Purchasers investment adviser is also an investment adviser or sub-adviser was
informed of the information regarding the transactions contemplated hereunder. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement (and such Purchasers legal counsel and other professional advisors), such Purchaser has maintained the
confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a
representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. 

4.15 No Governmental Review. Such Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or
governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the
Securities. 

4.16 Regulation M. Such Purchaser is aware that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may
apply to sales of Securities and other activities with respect to the Securities by the Purchasers. 

5. Covenants. 

5.1 Further Assurances. Each party agrees to cooperate with each other and their respective officers, employees, attorneys, accountants
and other agents, and, generally, do such other reasonable acts and things in good faith as may be necessary to effectuate the intents and purposes of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions hereof and compliance with applicable law,
including taking reasonable action to facilitate the filing of any document or the taking of reasonable action to assist the other parties hereto in complying with the terms hereof. Each Purchaser acknowledges that the Company and the Placement
Agent will rely on the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. Prior to the Closing, the Purchaser agrees to promptly notify the Company if any of the acknowledgments, understandings,
agreements, representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement are no longer accurate. 

5.2
Listing. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and, in accordance therewith, will use reasonable best efforts to comply in all material
respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. 

5.3 Disclosure of
Transactions. The Company shall, not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof (provided that, if this Agreement is executed between midnight and 9:00 a.m., New York City time on any
Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. on the date hereof), issue a press release and/or file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K (the Disclosure Document, and the actual filing of such
press release and/or Current Report on Form 8-K, the Disclosure Time) disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Transaction Agreements, and
including as exhibits to any such Current Report on Form 8-K the material Transaction Agreements 

20 

(including, without limitation, this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement). Following the Disclosure Time, no Purchaser shall be in possession of any material, non-public information received from the Company or any of its officers, directors, employees or agents (including the Placement Agent) unless otherwise specifically agreed by such Purchaser under the terms of a
binding non-disclosure agreement or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not disclose the name of any Purchaser or any of its affiliates or advisers, or
include the name of any Purchaser or any of its affiliates or advisers in any press release, marketing material or filings with the SEC (other than any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement) or any regulatory
agency, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (i) as required by the federal securities law in connection with (A) any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (B) the filing
of final Transaction Agreements (including signature pages thereto) with the SEC or pursuant to other routine proceedings of regulatory authorities, or (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by law, at the request of the staff of the
SEC or regulatory agency or under the regulations of Nasdaq, provided that the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such Purchaser with prior written notice and a reasonable opportunity to review such disclosure permitted
under foregoing clause (ii). 

5.4 Integration. The Company shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure
that no Affiliate of the Company shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the
Securities in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the Purchasers, or that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any
National Exchange such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction. 

5.5 Subsequent Equity Sales. From the date hereof until 30 days after the Effective Date, without the consent of the Purchasers of at
least 60% of the Securities then held by Purchasers, the Company shall not (a) issue shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, or (b) file with the SEC a registration statement under the Securities Act relating to any shares of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. In seeking any consent pursuant to this Section 5.5, the Company shall ensure that the Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of such information through the Purchasers
internal or wall cross procedures. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 5.5 shall not apply to (i) the issuance of the Securities hereunder, (ii) the transactions contemplated
by the Registration Rights Agreement, (iii) the issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise of any options or warrants or upon the vesting of any restricted stock units outstanding on the date hereof, (iv) the issuance of Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents to employees, directors or consultants pursuant to (a) any stock option or equity incentive or employee stock purchase plan in effect on the date hereof, or (b) any compensation agreements in effect on the date
hereof, (v) the issuance of Common Stock in connection with acquisitions or strategic transactions, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person which is an operating company in a business synergistic with the business of the
Company, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, (vi) the filing of a registration statement
on Form S-8, and (vii) facilitating the establishment of a trading plan on behalf of a stockholder, officer or director of the Company pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under
the Exchange Act for the transfer of shares of Common Stock. 

21 

5.6 Removal of Legends. 

(a) Once a Registration Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) covering the resale of the Conversion Shares is declared
effective, the Company shall instruct the Transfer Agent to remove all restrictive legends, including the legend set forth in Section 4.10 above (or, in the event that Conversion Shares are issued upon conversion after the
Registration Statement is declared effective, the Conversion Shares shall be issued without restrictive legends). Further, the Company shall instruct the Transfer Agent to remove all restrictive legends, including the legend set forth in
Section 4.10 above, (i) following any sale of such Securities or Conversion Shares pursuant to Rule 144 or any other applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, or (ii) if such
Conversion Shares are eligible for resale under Rule 144(b)(1) or any successor provision (or, in the event that Conversion Shares are issued upon conversion after the conditions set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above, the Conversion Shares
shall be issued without restrictive legends). Without limiting the foregoing, upon request of the Purchaser, upon receipt by the Company of an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company to the effect that such legend is no longer
required under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, the Company shall, within three Trading Days, cause the legend to be removed from any certificate (or electronic book-entry notation) for any Securities or Conversion Shares in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and deliver, or cause to be delivered, to any Purchaser new certificate(s) (or electronic book-entry statements) representing the Securities or Conversion Shares that are free from all restrictive and
other legends or, at the request of such Purchaser, via DWAC transfer to such Purchasers account. 

5.7 Use of Proceeds. The
Company shall use the proceeds from the sale of the Securities for general corporate purposes. 

5.8 Withholding Taxes. Each
Purchaser agrees to furnish the Company with such information, representations and forms as shall reasonably be requested by the Company from time to time to assist the Company in complying with any applicable tax law (including any withholding
obligations). Each Purchaser represents that it has provided the Company with a completed and executed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or applicable Form W-8, as
appropriate, and agrees to promptly furnish the Company with such forms upon any expiration, obsolescence or inaccuracy of any prior forms or upon request of the Company. If the Company determines that any amounts payable to any Purchaser in respect
of the Series A Preferred Shares are required to be deducted and withheld from any such payment, at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date the applicable payment is scheduled to be made, the Company shall provide such Purchaser with
(i) written notice of such intent to deduct and withhold, which notice shall include the basis for the withholding and an estimate of the amount proposed to be deducted and withheld, and (ii) a reasonable opportunity to provide forms or
other evidence that would exempt such amounts from withholding, and the Company shall reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser to reduce or eliminate amounts required to be withheld in accordance with applicable law. 

5.9 Fees and Taxes. The Company shall be responsible for the payment of the Placement Agents fees, any financial advisory fees, or
brokers commissions relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, any fees or commissions payable to placement agents as the Company may engage in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Agreements. 

22 

5.10 No Conflicting Agreements. The Company will not take any action, enter into any
agreement or make any commitment that would conflict or interfere in any material respect with the Companys obligations to the Purchasers under the Transaction Agreements. 

5.11 Reporting Status. The Company shall timely file all reports required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, and the
Company shall not terminate its status as an issuer required to file reports under the Exchange Act even if the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder would otherwise permit such termination. 

5.12 Requisite Stockholder Approval. The Company shall hold a special meeting of the stockholders no later than March 5, 2025 (the
Special Meeting), for the purpose of obtaining stockholder approval of the conversion of all issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock in accordance with Nasdaq listing rules (the
Requisite Stockholder Approval). The Company shall use its best efforts to solicit its stockholders approval of such resolution and to cause the Board of Directors to recommend to the stockholders that they approve such
resolution. If the Requisite Stockholder Approval is not obtained at the Special Meeting, the Company shall cause an additional meeting of stockholders to be held within sixty (60) days from the date of the Special Meeting (the
Extended Stockholder Approval Period). If the Requisite Stockholder Approval is not obtained within the Extended Stockholder Approval Period, then the Company shall convene additional stockholder meetings every sixty
(60) days thereafter until the Requisite Stockholder Approval is obtained. 

5.13 Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The Company
and the Purchasers agree that each Purchasers initial Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) will be as set forth on such Purchasers signature page to this Agreement. Each Purchasers
Beneficial Ownership Limitation may thereafter be changed in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Designations. 

5.14
Conversion and Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Conversion included in the Certificate of Designations sets forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to convert the Series A Preferred Stock. Without
limiting the preceding sentence, no ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be
required in order for the registered holder thereof to convert the Series A Preferred Stock. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of a Purchaser to convert its Series A Preferred Stock. The Company shall
honor conversions of the Series A Preferred Stock and shall deliver Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Agreements. 

5.15 Short Sales After the Date Hereof. Such Purchaser shall not engage, directly or indirectly, in any transactions in the
Companys securities (including, without limitation, any Short Sales involving the Companys securities) during the period from the date hereof until the earlier of such time as (i) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are
first publicly announced as required by and described in Section 5.3 or (ii) this Agreement is terminated in full pursuant to Section 7. 

23 

5.16 Indemnification. 

(a) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Purchaser and its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, trustees,
members, managers, employees, investment advisers and agents (collectively, the Indemnified Persons), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable and
documented attorney fees and disbursements and other documented out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating, preparing or defending any
action, claim or proceeding, pending or threatened and the costs of enforcement thereof) to which such Indemnified Person may become (i) subject as a result of any breach of representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by or to be
performed on the part of the Company under the Transaction Agreements or (ii) as a result of or arising out of any action, claim or proceeding, pending or threatened, against an Indemnified Person in any capacity by any third party (including a
stockholder of the Company), whether directly or in a derivative capacity, who is not an Affiliate of the Indemnified Person, with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements, and in each case will reimburse any such
Indemnified Person for all such amounts as they are incurred by such Indemnified Person. 

(b) Any person entitled to indemnification
hereunder shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with respect to which it seeks indemnification and (ii) permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the indemnified party; provided that any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such separate counsel
shall be at the expense of such person unless (A) the indemnifying party has agreed in writing to pay such fees or expenses, (B) the indemnifying party shall have failed to assume the defense of such claim and employ counsel reasonably
satisfactory to such person or (C) in the reasonable judgment of any such person, based upon written advice of its counsel, a conflict of interest exists between such person and the indemnifying party with respect to such claims (in which case,
if the person notifies the indemnifying party in writing that such person elects to employ separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of
such person); and provided, further, that the failure of any indemnified party to give written notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that such failure to give notice
shall materially adversely affect the indemnifying party in the defense of any such claim or litigation. It is understood that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for fees or
expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys at any time for all such indemnified parties. No indemnifying party will, except with the consent of the indemnified party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement unless such judgment or settlement (1) imposes no liability or obligation on, (2) includes as an unconditional term thereof the giving of a complete, explicit and
unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability of the indemnified party in respect of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (3) does not include any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing, or
wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the indemnified party. No indemnified party will, except with the consent of the indemnifying party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any
judgment or enter into any settlement. 

24 

6. Conditions of Closing. 

6.1 Conditions to the Obligation of the Purchasers. The several obligations of each Purchaser to consummate the transactions to be
consummated at the Closing, and to purchase and pay for the Series A Preferred Stock being purchased by it at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement, are subject to the satisfaction or the waiver by such Purchaser in writing of the following
conditions precedent: 

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall
be true and correct in all respects as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such
representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date. 

(b) Performance. The
Company shall have performed in all material respects the obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed by the Company on or prior to the Closing Date. 

(c) No Injunction. The purchase of and payment for the Series A Preferred Stock by each Purchaser shall not be prohibited or enjoined
by any law or governmental or court order or regulation and no such prohibition shall have been threatened in writing. 

(d)
Consents. The Company shall have obtained any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations and waivers necessary for the consummation of the purchase and sale of the Series A Preferred Stock, all of which shall be in full force and
effect. 

(e) Transfer Agent. The Company shall have furnished all required materials to the Transfer Agent to reflect the issuance
of the Series A Preferred Stock at the Closing. 

(f) Adverse Changes. Since the date hereof, no event or series of events shall
have occurred that has had a Material Adverse Effect. 

(g) Compliance Certificate. An authorized officer of the Company shall have
delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing Date a certificate in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Purchasers certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 6.1(a) (Representations and Warranties),
6.1(b) (Performance), 6.1(c) (No Injunction), 6.1(f) (Adverse Changes), 6.1(k) (Listing Requirements) and 6.1(o) (Refinancing) of this Agreement have been fulfilled. 

(h) Opinion of Company Counsel. The Company shall have delivered to the Purchasers and the Placement Agent the opinion of Sidley Austin
LLP, dated as of the Closing Date in customary form and substance to be reasonably agreed upon with the Purchasers and addressing such legal matters as the Purchasers and the Company reasonably agree. 

25 

(i) Secretarys Certificate. The Secretary of the Company shall have delivered
to the Purchasers at the Closing Date a certificate certifying (i) the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; (ii) the Amended and Restated Bylaws; and (iii) resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors (or an
authorized committee thereof) approving this Agreement, the other Transaction Agreements, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

(j) Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit C (the Registration Rights Agreement) to the Purchasers. 

(k) Listing
Requirements. No stop order or suspension of trading shall have been imposed by Nasdaq, the SEC or any other governmental or regulatory body with respect to public trading in the Common Stock. The Common Stock shall be listed on Nasdaq and shall
not have been suspended by the SEC or Nasdaq from trading thereon. The Company shall have filed with Nasdaq a Notification Form: Listing of Additional Shares for the listing of the Conversion Shares and shall not have received any written objection
to such listing from Nasdaq. 

(l) No Injunction. No judgment, writ, order, injunction, award or decree of or by any court, or
judge, justice or magistrate, including any bankruptcy court or judge, or any order of or by any governmental entity, shall have been issued, and no action or proceeding shall have been instituted by any governmental entity, enjoining or preventing
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or in the other Transaction Agreements. 

(m) No Termination. This
Agreement shall not have been terminated as to such Purchaser in accordance with Section 7 hereof. 

(n)
Payment. The Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, of at least $75,000,000 from Purchasers for the purchase of Series A Preferred Stock at the Closing. 

(o) Refinancing. The Perceptive Credit Facility shall have closed immediately prior to, or concurrently with, the Closing
hereunder. 

6.2 Conditions to the Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to consummate the transactions to be
consummated at the Closing, and to issue and sell to each Purchaser the Series A Preferred Stock to be purchased by it at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement, is subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions
precedent: 

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of each Purchaser in
Section 4 hereto shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, with the same force and effect as though made on and as of the Closing Date and consummation of the Closing shall constitute a reaffirmation by the
Purchaser of each of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Purchaser contained in this Agreement as of the Closing Date. 

26 

(b) Performance. Each Purchaser shall have performed or complied with in all
material respects all obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed by such Purchaser on or prior to the Closing Date. 

(c) Injunction. The purchase of and payment for the Series A Preferred Stock by each Purchaser shall not be prohibited or enjoined by
any law or governmental or court order or regulation. 

(d) Registration Rights Agreement. Each Purchaser shall have executed and
delivered the Registration Rights Agreement to the Company in the form attached as Exhibit C. 

(e)
Payment. The Company shall have received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, of at least $75,000,000 from Purchasers for the purchase of Series A Preferred Stock at the Closing. 

7. Termination. 

7.1
Termination. The obligations of the Company, on the one hand, and a Purchaser, on the other hand, to effect the Closing shall terminate as follows: 

(i) Upon the mutual written consent of the Company and such Purchaser prior to the Closing; 

(ii) By the Company if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 shall have become incapable of fulfillment,
and shall not have been waived by the Company; 

(iii) By such Purchaser if any of the conditions set forth in
Section 6.1 shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by the Purchaser; or 

(iv) By either the Company or such Purchaser if the Closing has not occurred on or prior to the fifth Trading Day following the date of this
Agreement; 

provided, however, that, except in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, the party seeking to terminate its
obligation to effect the Closing shall not then be in breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the Transaction Agreements if such breach has resulted in the circumstances giving rise to such partys
seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Closing. 

7.2 Notice. In the event of termination by the Company or the Purchaser
of its obligations to effect the Closing pursuant to Section 7.1, written notice thereof shall be given to the other party. Nothing in this Section 7 shall be deemed to release any party from any
liability for any breach by such party of the other terms and provisions of the Transaction Agreements or to impair the right of any party to compel specific performance by any other party of its other obligations under the Transaction Agreements.

27 

8. Miscellaneous Provisions. 

8.1 Public Statements or Releases. Except as set forth in and in compliance with Section 5.3, neither the
Company nor any Purchaser shall make any public announcement with respect to the existence or terms of this Agreement or the transactions provided for herein without the prior consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to compliance with Section 5.3, nothing in this Section 8.1 shall prevent any party from making any public announcement it considers necessary
in order to satisfy its obligations under the law, including applicable securities laws, or under the rules of any national securities exchange or securities market, in which case the Company shall allow the Purchaser reasonable time to comment on
such release or announcement in advance of such issuance. The Company shall not include the name of the Purchaser in any press release or public announcement (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any filing with the SEC) without the
prior written consent of the Purchaser, except as otherwise required by law or the applicable rules or regulations of any securities exchange or securities market, in which case the Company shall allow the Purchaser, to the extent reasonably
practicable in the circumstances, reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance. 

8.2
Interpretation. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement will refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement,
and section and subsection references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. The headings in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and will not limit or otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they will be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The phrases the date of this
Agreement, the date hereof and terms of similar import, unless the context otherwise requires, will be deemed to refer to the date set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement. The meanings given to terms defined herein will
be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. All matters to be agreed to by any party hereto must be agreed to in writing by such party unless otherwise indicated herein. References to agreements, policies, standards,
guidelines or instruments, or to statutes or regulations, are to such agreements, policies, standards, guidelines or instruments, or statutes or regulations, as amended or supplemented from time to time (or to successors thereto). 

8.3 Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on
the recipients next business day, provided no rejection or undeliverable message is received, (c) three (3) days after having been sent by certified or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one (1)
business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt: 

(a) If to the Company, addressed as follows: 

Outset Medical, Inc. 

3052
Orchard Drive 

28 

San Jose, CA 95134 

Attention: John Brottem; Nabeel Ahmed 

Email: jbrottem@outsetmedical.com; nahmed@outsetmedical.com 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice): 

Sidley Austin LLP 

555
California Street, Suite 2000 

San Francisco, CA 94104 

Attention: Frank F. Rahmani; Robert A. Ryan 

Email: frahmani@sidley.com; rryan@sidley.com 

(b) If to any Purchaser, at its address set forth on Exhibit A or to such
e-mail address, or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 8.3. 

Any Person may change the address to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein. 

8.4 Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or
regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable
manner, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain binding upon the parties hereto. 

8.5 Governing Law; Submission to
Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury. 

(a) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of
the State of New York without regard to choice of laws or conflicts of laws provisions thereof that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction, except to the extent that mandatory principles of Delaware law may apply. 

(b) The Company and each of the Purchasers hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(i) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating solely to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby, to the general jurisdiction of the any state court or United States Federal court sitting in the City of New York in the State of New York; 

(ii) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts, and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to
the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same to the extent permitted by applicable law; 

29 

(iii) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by
mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to the party, as the case may be, at its address set forth in Section 8.3 or at such other address of
which the other party shall have been notified pursuant thereto; 

(iv) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service
of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction for recognition and enforcement of any judgment or if jurisdiction in the courts referenced in the foregoing clause (i) are not available
despite the intentions of the parties hereto; 

(v) agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a
court may be enforced in the courts of any jurisdiction to which such party is subject by a suit upon such judgment, provided that service of process is effected upon such party in the manner specified herein or as otherwise permitted by law; 

(vi) agrees that to the extent that such party has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal
process with respect to itself or its property, such party hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under this Agreement, to the extent permitted by law; and 

(vii) irrevocably and unconditionally waives trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding in relation to this Agreement. 

8.6 Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more
instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement. 

8.7 Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Agreements to the contrary, each party shall pay its own out-of-pocket fees and expenses, including the fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants and consultants employed by such party, incurred in connection with the proposed
investment in the Securities and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby; provided, however, that the Company shall pay all transfer agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for
same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes (other than income taxes) and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the
Purchasers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall pay the reasonable legal fees and expenses of Perceptive Advisors LLC in connection with the Transaction Agreements, in an amount not to exceed $50,000.00 in the aggregate. The Company
shall pay all Placement Agent fees relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

8.8 Assignment.
The Company shall not have the right to assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or designate another person (a) to perform all or part of its obligations under this Agreement or (b) to have all or part of its rights and
benefits under this Agreement, in each case without the prior written consent of the Purchasers. A Purchaser shall have the right to assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or designate another person (i) to perform all or part of
its obligations under this Agreement or (ii) to have all or part of its 

30 

rights and benefits under this Agreement, in each case without the prior written consent of the Company, provided that (i) such assignment or designation is to any of its Affiliates or to
any other investment funds or accounts managed or advised by the investment manager who acts on behalf of such Purchaser or (ii) complies with applicable securities laws (provided that in the case of clauses (i) or (ii) each such assignee
agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and makes the same representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 hereof). In the event of any assignment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the assignee
shall specifically assume and be bound by the provisions of this Agreement by executing a writing agreeing to be bound by and subject to the provisions of this Agreement and shall deliver an executed counterpart signature page to this Agreement and,
notwithstanding such assumption or agreement to be bound hereby by an assignee, no such assignment shall relieve any party assigning any interest hereunder from its obligations or liability pursuant to this Agreement. 

8.9 Confidential Information. 

(a) Each Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any material non-public information provided to such Purchaser are publicly disclosed by the Company (which the Company shall effect in accordance with Section 5.3 hereof), such Purchaser will maintain
the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction), other than to such Purchasers outside attorney, accountant, auditor or investment advisor only to
the extent necessary to permit evaluation of the investment, and the performance of the necessary or required tax, accounting, financial, legal, or administrative tasks and services and other than as may be required by law. 

(b) The Company may request from the Purchasers such additional information as the Company may deem necessary to evaluate the eligibility of
the Purchaser to acquire the Securities, and the Purchaser shall promptly provide such information as may reasonably be requested to the extent readily available; provided, that the Company agrees to keep any such information provided by the
Purchaser confidential, except (i) as required by the federal securities laws, rules or regulations and (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by other laws, rules or regulations, at the request of the staff of the SEC or
regulatory agency or under the regulations of Nasdaq. The Purchaser acknowledges that the Company may file a copy of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement with the SEC as exhibit to a periodic report or a registration statement of the
Company. 

8.10 Reliance by and Exculpation of Placement Agent. 

(a) Each Purchaser agrees for the express benefit of the Placement Agent, its affiliates and its representatives that (i) the Placement
Agent, its affiliates and its representatives have not made, and will not make any representations or warranties with respect to the Company or the offer and sale of the Securities, and such Purchaser will not rely on any statements made by the
Placement Agent, orally or in writing, to the contrary, (ii) such Purchaser will be responsible for conducting its own due diligence investigation with respect to the Company and the offer and sale of the Securities, (iii) the Purchaser
will be purchasing Securities based on the results of its own due diligence investigation of the Company and the Placement Agent and each of its directors, officers, employees, representatives, and controlling persons have made no

31 

independent investigation with respect to the Company, the Securities, or the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of any information supplied to the Purchaser by the Company, (iv) such
Purchaser has negotiated the offer and sale of the Securities directly with the Company, and the Placement Agent will not be responsible for the ultimate success of any such investment and (v) the decision to invest in the Company will involve
a significant degree of risk, including a risk of total loss of such investment. Each Purchaser further represents and warrants to the Placement Agent that it, including any fund or funds that it manages or advises that participates in the offer and
sale of the Securities, is permitted under its constitutive documents (including, without limitation, all limited partnership agreements, charters, bylaws, limited liability company agreements, all applicable side letters with investors, and similar
documents) to make investments of the type contemplated by this Agreement. This Section 8.10 shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 

(b) The Company agrees and acknowledges that the Placement Agent may rely on its representations, warranties, agreements and covenants
contained in this Agreement and each Purchaser agrees that the Placement Agent may rely on such Purchasers representations and warranties contained in this Agreement as if such representations and warranties, as applicable, were made directly
to the Placement Agent. 

(c) Neither the Placement Agent nor any of its affiliates or representatives (i) shall be liable for any
improper payment made in accordance with the information provided by the Company; (ii) makes any representation or warranty, or has any responsibilities as to the validity, accuracy, value or genuineness of any information, certificates or
documentation delivered by or on behalf of the Company pursuant to the Transaction Agreements or in connection with any of the transactions contemplated therein; or (iii) shall be liable (x) for any action taken, suffered or omitted by any
of them in good faith and reasonably believed to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by the Transaction Agreements or (y) for anything which any of them may do or refrain from doing in connection with
the Transaction Agreements, except in each case for such partys own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. 

(d) The
Company agrees that the Placement Agent, its affiliates and representatives shall be entitled to (i) rely on, and shall be protected in acting upon, any certificate, instrument, notice, letter or any other document or security delivered to any
of them by or on behalf of the Company, and (ii) be indemnified by the Company for acting as a Placement Agent hereunder pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in the applicable letter agreement between the Company and the
Placement Agent. 

8.11 Third Parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than
the parties to this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any partner, member,
shareholder, director, officer, employee or other beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on behalf of a party to this Agreement) shall have any standing as a third party
beneficiary with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby except as set forth in Section 5.15 hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Placement Agent is an intended third-party beneficiary of the
representations and warranties of the Company and of each Purchaser set forth in Section 3 and Section 4, respectively, Section 6.1(h) and
Section 8.10 of this Agreement. 

32 

8.12 Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and
Right. The obligations of each Purchaser under this Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance obligations of any other Purchaser
under this Agreement. Nothing contained herein, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as, and the Company acknowledges that the Purchasers do not so constitute, a partnership, an
association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group, and the Company will not assert any such claim with respect to such obligations or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. The Company acknowledges and each Purchaser confirms that it has independently participated in the negotiation of the transaction contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and advisors. Each Purchaser
also acknowledges that Sidley Austin LLP has rendered legal advice to the Company and not such Purchaser. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this
Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Agreements for the
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Purchaser. 

8.13 Counterparts. This
Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 

8.14 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements constitute the entire agreement between the
parties hereto respecting the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, negotiations, understandings, representations and statements respecting the subject matter hereof, whether written or oral. No modification, alteration, or
change in any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid or binding upon the parties hereto unless made in writing and duly executed by the Company and each Purchaser. The Company, on the one hand, and each Purchaser, on the other hand, may by an
instrument signed in writing by such parties waive the performance, compliance or satisfaction by such Purchaser or the Company, respectively, with any term or provision hereof or any condition hereto to be performed, complied with or satisfied by
such Purchaser or the Company, respectively. 

8.15 Survival. The covenants, representations and warranties made by each party hereto
contained in this Agreement shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities in accordance with their respective terms. Each Purchaser shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder.

8.16 Mutual Drafting. This Agreement is the joint product of each Purchaser and the Company and each provision hereof has
been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto. 

33 

8.17 Additional Matters. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and
confirm that the terms and conditions of the Securities were determined as a result of arms-length negotiations. 

8.18 Further Assurances. The parties shall execute and deliver all such further instruments and documents and take all such other
actions as may reasonably be required to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby and to evidence the fulfillment of the agreements herein contained. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.] 

34 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

COMPANY:

OUTSET MEDICAL, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

PURCHASER:

[NAME]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Beneficial Ownership Limitation: ______%

EXHIBIT A 

PURCHASERS 

A-1 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION 

B-1 

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

C-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d900977dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

Execution Version 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

BY AND AMONG 

OUTSET
MEDICAL, INC., 

AND 

THE PURCHASERS 

AS SET
FORTH HEREIN 

JANUARY 3, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

1. 

Definitions 1 

2. 

Purchase and Sale of Securities 5 

2.1 

Purchase and Sale 5 

2.2 

Closing 5 

3. 

Representations and Warranties of the Company 6 

3.1 

Organization and Power; No Subsidiaries 6 

3.2 

Capitalization 6 

3.3 

Registration Rights 6 

3.4 

Authorization 6 

3.5 

Valid Issuance 7 

3.6 

Consents 7 

3.7 

SEC Filings; Financial Statements 8 

3.8 

Absence of Changes 8 

3.9 

Absence of Litigation 8 

3.10 

Compliance with Law; Permits 9 

3.11 

Intellectual Property 9 

3.12 

Taxes 9 

3.13 

Environmental Laws 10 

3.14 

Title 10 

3.15 

Insurance 10 

3.16 

Nasdaq Stock Market 10 

3.17 

Regulatory Compliance 11 

3.18 

Compliance with Health Care Laws 11 

3.19 

Accounting Controls and Disclosure Controls and Procedures 12 

3.20 

Price Stabilization of Common Stock 12 

3.21 

Investment Company Act 13 

3.22 

General Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation 13 

3.23 

Brokers and Finders 13 

3.24 

Reliance by the Purchasers 13 

3.25 

Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 13 

3.26 

Anti-Bribery and Anti-Money Laundering Laws 14 

3.27 

Compliance with Data Privacy Laws 14 

3.28 

Transactions with Affiliates and Employees 14 

3.29 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 14 

3.30 

Disqualification Events 14 

3.31 

No Additional Agreements 15 

4. 

Representations and Warranties of Each Purchaser 15 

4.1 

Organization 15 

4.2 

Authorization 15 

4.3 

No Conflicts 15 

4.4 

Residency 16 

4.5 

Brokers and Finders 16 

i 

4.6 

Investment Representations and Warranties 16 

4.7 

Intent 16 

4.8 

Investment Experience; Ability to Protect Its Own Interests and Bear Economic
Risks 17 

4.9 

Independent Investment Decision 17 

4.10 

Securities Not Registered; Legends 17 

4.11 

No General Solicitation 18 

4.12 

Access to Information 18 

4.13 

Certain Trading Activities 19 

4.14 

No Governmental Review 19 

4.15 

Disqualification Event 19 

4.16 

Regulation M 20 

5. 

Covenants 20 

5.1 

Further Assurances 20 

5.2 

Listing 20 

5.3 

Disclosure of Transactions 20 

5.4 

Integration 21 

5.5 

Subsequent Equity Sales 21 

5.6 

Removal of Legends 21 

5.7 

Use of Proceeds 22 

5.8 

Withholding Taxes 22 

5.9 

Fees and Taxes 22 

5.10 

No Conflicting Agreements 22 

5.11 

Reporting Status 22 

5.12 

Requisite Stockholder Approval 23 

5.13 

Beneficial Ownership Limitation 23 

5.14 

Conversion and Exercise Procedures 23 

5.15 

Short Sales After the Date Hereof 23 

5.16 

Indemnification 23 

6. 

Conditions of Closing 25 

6.1 

Conditions to the Obligation of the Purchasers 25 

6.2 

Conditions to the Obligation of the Company 26 

7. 

Termination 27 

7.1 

Termination 27 

7.2 

Notice 27 

8. 

Miscellaneous Provisions 27 

8.1 

Public Statements or Releases 27 

8.2 

Interpretation 28 

8.3 

Notices 28 

8.4 

Severability 29 

8.5 

Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury 29 

8.6 

Waiver 30 

8.7 

Expenses 30 

ii 

8.8 

Assignment 30 

8.9 

Confidential Information 31 

8.10 

Third Parties 31 

8.11 

Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Right 31 

8.12 

Counterparts 32 

8.13 

Entire Agreement; Amendments 32 

8.14 

Survival 32 

8.15 

Mutual Drafting 32 

8.16 

Additional Matters 32 

8.17 

Further Assurances 32 

Exhibits 

Exhibit A
Purchasers 

Exhibit B Form of Certificate of Designation 

Exhibit C Form of Registration Rights Agreement 

iii 

This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is dated as of
January 3, 2025 by and among Outset Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the entities listed on Exhibit A attached to this Agreement (each, a Purchaser and together, the
Purchasers). 

WHEREAS, the Company and the Purchasers are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance
upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act); 

WHEREAS, the Company desires to sell to the Purchasers, and each Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company, severally and not
jointly, upon the terms and subject to the conditions stated in this Agreement, shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (and including any other class of
securities into which the Series A Preferred Stock may hereafter be reclassified or changed into, the Series A Preferred Stock), of the Company, having the designation, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers,
restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications and terms and conditions as specified in the Certificate of Designations, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Certificate of Designations), which will be
convertible into shares (the Conversion Shares and together with the Series A Preferred Stock, the Securities) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock), in
accordance with the terms set forth in the Certificate of Designations; 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the
Certificate of Designations, the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be subject to receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval (as defined herein); 

WHEREAS, certain other qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or
accredited investors (within the meaning of Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act) (the Other Purchasers) have, severally and not jointly, entered into a separate securities purchase agreement with the Company, dated as
of the date hereof (the Other Securities Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which such Other Purchasers have agreed to purchase shares of Series A Preferred Stock from the Company at the Per Share Price; 

WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the sale of the Series A Preferred Stock, the parties hereto will execute and deliver a Registration
Rights Agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C, pursuant to which the Company will agree to, among other things, provide certain registration rights with respect to the Conversion Shares under the Securities Act and
applicable state securities laws. 

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, representations, warranties and
covenants herein contained, the Company and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, agree as follows: 

1. Definitions. As used
in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings: 

2024 SEC Reports shall mean
(a) the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 and (b) any Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or any Current
Reports on Form 8-K filed or furnished (as applicable) by the Company after December 31, 2023, together in each case with any documents incorporated by reference therein or exhibits thereto. 

Affiliate shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person that,
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediates, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof. 

Amended and Restated Bylaws shall mean the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as currently in effect. 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall mean the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as currently
in effect. 

Anti-Money Laundering Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.25 hereof. 

Approval Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 hereof. 

Approval Closing Date means two Trading Days following the Requisite Stockholder Approval. 

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company. 

Closing or Other Closing means the closing of the transactions contemplated under the Other Securities
Purchase Agreement. 

Closing Date or Other Closing Date means the closing date of the transactions
contemplated under the Other Securities Purchase Agreement.

Common
Stock has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof. 

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the
Company which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or
otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

Company has the meaning set forth in the recitals
hereof. 

Contract means, with respect to any Person, any written or oral agreement, contract, subcontract, lease
(whether for real or personal property), mortgage, license, or other legally binding commitment or undertaking of any nature to which such Person is a party or by which such Person or any of its assets are bound or affected under applicable law.

Data has the meaning set forth in Section 3.26 hereof. 

Data Security Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 3.26 hereof. 

2 

Disclosure Document has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.3 hereof. 

Effective Date means the date on which the initial Registration
Statement required by Section 2(a) of the Registration Rights Agreement is first declared effective by the Commission. 

Environmental Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.13 hereof. 

Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all of the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

FDA means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. 

Financial Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7(b) hereof. 

GAAP has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7(b) hereof. 

Health Care Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 3.18 hereof. 

HIPAA has the meaning set forth in Section 3.18 hereof. 

Intellectual Property Rights has the meaning set forth in Section 3.11 hereof. 

Material Adverse Effect shall mean any change, event, circumstance, development, condition, occurrence or effect that,
individually or in the aggregate, has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on the business, properties, condition (financial or otherwise), management, assets, liabilities, stockholders equity or results of
operations of the Company or the ability of the Company to perform, its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements (including, without limitation, the issuance and sale of the Series A Preferred Stock and the issuance of
the Conversion Shares). 

Material Contract means any Contract to which the Company is a party or by which the Company
is bound that is material to the business of the Company, including those that have been filed as an exhibit to the SEC Reports pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K.

Nasdaq has the meaning set forth in Section 3.16 hereof. 

National Exchange means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading
on the date in question, together with any successor thereto: the NYSE American, The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market and the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Perceptive Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement and Guaranty, by and among the Company, the lenders party
thereto from time to time and Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, as administrative agent, dated on or around the date hereof. 

Per
Share Price means $200.00 per share of Series A Preferred Stock. 

3 

Person shall mean an individual, partnership, corporation, limited
liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or any other entity or organization. 

Purchaser and Purchasers have the meanings set forth in the recitals hereof. 

Purchaser Adverse Effect has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3 hereof. 

Registration Rights Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(j) hereof. 

Requisite Stockholder Approval has the meaning set forth in Section 5.11 hereof. 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to
time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

SEC Reports has the meaning set forth in Section 3.7(a) hereof. 

Securities has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof. 

Securities Act has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof. 

Short Sales include, without limitation, (i) all short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under
Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act, whether or not against the box, and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, put equivalent positions (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and (ii) sales and other transactions through non-U.S. broker dealers or non-U.S. regulated brokers (but shall not be deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock). 

Trading Day means a day on which the Nasdaq Global Select Market is open for business. 

Transaction Agreements shall mean this Agreement, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto, the Other Securities Purchase
Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Certificate of Designations and any other documents or agreements explicitly contemplated hereunder. 

Transfer Agent shall mean, with respect to the Common Stock, Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, or such other financial
institution that provides transfer agent services as the Company may engage from time to time. 

4 

2. Purchase and Sale of Securities. 

2.1 Purchase and Sale. On the Approval Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees
to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of $3,886,400 of Series A Preferred Stock, with a purchase price per share equal to the Per Share Price. Subject to and upon the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement, at the Approval Closing, the Company shall issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, shall purchase from the Company, that number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock set forth
opposite such Purchasers name on Exhibit A for the Aggregate Purchase Price set forth on Exhibit A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, for any Purchaser that has provided notice to
the Company that this sentence shall apply to it, the Company shall not issue or sell, and the Purchaser shall not purchase or acquire, any shares of Series A Preferred Stock which, when aggregated with all shares of Common Stock then beneficially
owned by the Purchaser and its affiliates (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder and based solely on the information provided to the Company by
any such Purchaser), would result in the beneficial ownership by the Purchaser of more than 19.99% (or such other relevant percentage specified by such Purchaser) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock immediately after giving effect to the
Closing and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the number of Series A Preferred Stock and the Aggregate Purchase Price for such Purchaser shall be reduced accordingly. 

2.2 Closing. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Section 6, the closing of
the purchase and sale of the Series A Preferred Stock (the Approval Closing) shall occur remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures on a date to be agreed to by the Company and the Purchasers but in no event
later than two Trading Days after the Requisite Stockholder Approval, or at such other time, date and location as the Company and the Purchasers may mutually agree in writing. At the Approval Closing, the Series A Preferred Stock shall be issued and
registered in the name of each Purchaser, or in such nominee name(s) as designated by such Purchaser, representing the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be purchased by such Purchaser at such Approval Closing as set forth in Exhibit
A against payment to the Company of the purchase price therefor in full, by wire transfer to the Company of immediately available funds, at or prior to the Approval Closing, in accordance with wire instructions provided by the Company to the
Purchasers at least one business day prior to the Approval Closing, to an account to be designated by the Company (which shall not be an escrow account). On the Approval Closing Date, the Company will issue the Series A Preferred Stock in book-entry
form, free and clear of all restrictive and other legends (except as expressly provided in Section 4.10 hereof) and shall provide evidence of such issuance from the Transfer Agent as of the Approval Closing Date to each
Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing and anything in this Agreement to the contrary, as may be agreed to among the Company and one or more Purchasers, if a Purchaser affirmatively notifies the Company on or prior to the date hereof that it is
(1) an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, (2) advised by an investment adviser subject to regulation under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or (3) otherwise subject to
internal policies and/or procedures relating to the timing of funding and issuance of securities that would require it, such Purchaser shall not be required to wire its Aggregate Purchase Price until it confirms receipt on the Approval Closing Date
of evidence of the issuance of such Purchasers Series A Preferred Stock from the Transfer Agent in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Investor. The failure of the Approval Closing to occur on the Approval Closing Date shall not
terminate this Agreement or otherwise relieve any party of any of its obligations hereunder. In the event the Approval Closing does not occur within 

5 

five Trading Days after the Approval Closing Date, unless otherwise agreed by the Company and the Purchasers, the Company shall promptly return any previously wired funds to the Purchasers by
wire transfer of United States dollars in immediately available funds to the account specified by each Purchaser, and any book entries for the Series A Preferred Stock in respect of such returned funds shall be deemed cancelled. 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to each of the Purchasers that the
statements contained in this Section 3 are true and correct as of the date hereof and the Other Closing Date (except for the representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be made as of such
date): 

3.1 Organization and Power; No Subsidiaries. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, has the requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted as described in the SEC Reports and
to perform its obligations under all Material Contracts. The Company is qualified to do business in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties or the nature of its business requires such qualification, except where such failure to be
in good standing or to so qualify would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has no subsidiaries. 

3.2
Capitalization. As of the date of this Agreement, the authorized share capital of the Company consists of 300,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share. As of January 2, 2025,
there are 52,943,808 shares of Common Stock outstanding and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. The shares of Common Stock outstanding have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. The issuance and sale of
the Securities (including, subject to the Company obtaining the Requisite Stockholder Approval, the issuance of Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Securities) will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to
any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. 

3.3 Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the Transaction Agreements or as disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports, the Company is
presently not under any obligation, and has not granted any rights, to register under the Securities Act any of the Companys presently outstanding securities or any of its securities that may hereafter be issued that have not expired or been
satisfied or waived. 

3.4 Authorization. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into the Transaction
Agreements and to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms of the Transaction Agreements. Other than the Requisite Stockholder Approval, all corporate action on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders necessary
for the authorization of the Securities, the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Agreements and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein and therein has been taken. This Agreement has been duly
authorized, executed and delivered by the Company and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by each Purchaser and that this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of each Purchaser, this

6 

Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). Upon its
execution by the Company and the other parties thereto and assuming that it constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement of the other parties thereto, the Registration Rights Agreement will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of
the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws relating to or affecting creditors generally or by general
equity principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

3.5 Valid
Issuance. The Series A Preferred Stock being purchased by the Purchasers hereunder, upon issuance pursuant to the terms hereof, against full payment therefor in accordance with the terms hereof, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and will be issued free and clear of any liens or other restrictions (other than those as provided in the Transaction Agreements or restrictions on transfer under applicable state and federal
securities laws). The issuance of the Conversion Shares has been duly authorized and the Conversion Shares, subject to receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designations, will
be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and will be issued free and clear of any liens or other restrictions (other than those as provided in the Transaction Agreements or
restrictions on transfer under applicable state and federal securities laws). The Company has reserved such number of shares of Common Stock sufficient to enable full conversion of all of the Series A Preferred Stock to the extent allowable prior to
receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval and, upon receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval, the Company shall have reserved such number of shares of Common Stock sufficient to enable the full conversion of all of the Series A Preferred
Stock. Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by the Purchasers in Section 4 hereof, the offer and sale of the Securities to the Purchasers is and will be, and the issuance of the Conversion
Shares will be, in compliance with applicable exemptions from (i) the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act and (ii) the registration and qualification requirements of applicable securities laws of the
states of the United States. 

3.6 Consents. The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its
obligations under, the Transaction Agreements will not contravene (i) any provision of applicable law, (ii) or the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Amended and Restated Bylaws, (iii) or any Material Contract or
other material instrument binding upon the Company, or (iv) any judgment, order or decree of any governmental body, agency or court having jurisdiction over the Company, except in the case of clauses (i), (iii) and (iv), where such
contravention would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and no consent, approval, authorization or order of, or qualification with, any governmental body, agency or court is required for the performance by the Company of
its obligations under the Transaction Agreements, except such as have been obtained or waived or as may be required by the securities or Blue Sky laws of the various states in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities. The Company is
unaware of any facts or circumstances that might prevent the Company from obtaining or effecting any of the consents, approvals, authorizations or orders, or qualifications pursuant to this Section 3.6. 

7 

3.7 SEC Filings; Financial Statements. 

(a) The Company has timely filed or furnished, as applicable, all forms, statements, certifications, reports and documents required to be
filed or furnished by it with the SEC under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act for the one year preceding the date hereof (the SEC Reports). As of the time it was filed with, or furnished to, the SEC (or, if amended or
superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing), each of the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (as the case may be)
and, as of the time they were filed or furnished, none of the SEC Reports contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. There are no outstanding or unresolved comments in comment letters received from the SEC staff with respect to the SEC Reports. To the knowledge of the Company, none of the SEC
Reports are the subject of an ongoing SEC review. The Company is not, and never has been, an issuer identified in Rule 144(i)(1). 

(b) As
of their respective filing dates, the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports, together with the related schedules and notes thereto (collectively, the Financial Statements), complied as to form in all
material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and presented fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of the dates shown and its results of
operations and cash flows for the periods shown, and such Financial Statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) applied on a consistent basis throughout the
periods covered thereby except for any normal year-end adjustments in the Companys quarterly financial statements. Except as set forth in the consolidated financial statements of the Company included in
the 2024 SEC Reports, the Company has not incurred any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, except those incurred in the ordinary course of business, consistent (as to amount and nature) with past practices since the date of such Financial
Statements, none of which have had a Material Adverse Effect. The books of account and other financial records of the Company are true and complete in all material respects. 

3.8 Absence of Changes. Except as otherwise stated or disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports, between December 31, 2023 and the date of
this Agreement, (a) the Company has conducted its business only in the ordinary course of business and there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company (except for the execution and performance of this Agreement and the
discussions, negotiations and transactions related thereto); (b) no material change to any Material Contract or arrangement by which the Company is bound or to which any of its assets or properties is subject has been entered into that has not been
disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports; and (c) there has not been any other event or condition of any character that has had a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.9 Absence of Litigation. Except as otherwise stated or disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports and other than a stockholder
derivative action filed on November 29, 2024 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against current and former members of the Board of Directors and certain of its officers (a copy of which is publicly available), there
are no legal or governmental proceedings pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to which the Company is a party or to which any of the properties of the Company is subject that have had a Material Adverse Effect. 

8 

3.10 Compliance with Law; Permits. The Company possesses all certificates,
authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct its business, and the Company has not received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of
any such certificate, authorization or permit which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.11 Intellectual Property. The Company solely and exclusively owns or has a valid and enforceable license or right to use all patents,
inventions, copyrights, know how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures), trademarks, service marks, trade names and all other intellectual property and
similar proprietary rights (including all registrations and applications for registration of, and all goodwill associated with, any of the foregoing, as applicable) (collectively, Intellectual Property Rights) used in or
reasonably necessary to conduct its business. The Intellectual Property Rights owned by the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the Intellectual Property Rights licensed to the Company, are valid, subsisting and enforceable, and there is
no material pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by others challenging the validity, scope or enforceability of any such Intellectual Property Rights. The Company has not received any written
notice alleging any material infringement, misappropriation or other violation of Intellectual Property Rights. To the Companys knowledge, no third party is infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating, or has infringed, misappropriated
or otherwise violated, any Intellectual Property Rights owned or licensed by the Company. The Company does not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate, nor has infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, any Intellectual Property Rights.
All employees or contractors engaged in the development of Intellectual Property Rights on behalf of the Company have executed an invention assignment agreement whereby such employees or contractors presently assign all of their right, title and
interest in and to such Intellectual Property Rights to the Company, and to the Companys knowledge no such agreement has been breached or violated. The Company uses, and has used, commercially reasonable efforts to appropriately maintain all
information intended to be maintained as a trade secret. 

3.12 Taxes. Except as otherwise stated or disclosed in the 2024 SEC
Reports, the Company has filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns required to be filed through the date of this Agreement or have requested extensions thereof (except where the failure to file would not, singly or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect) and have paid all taxes required to be paid thereon (except for cases in which the failure to file or pay would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, or, except as currently being contested in good faith and for which reserves required by GAAP have been created in the financial statements of the Company), and no Tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company which,
singly or in the aggregate, has had (nor does the Company have any notice or knowledge of any tax deficiency which could reasonably be expected to be determined adversely to the Company and which could reasonably be expected to have) a Material
Adverse Effect. 

9 

3.13 Environmental Laws. The Company is, and has been, in compliance with any and all
applicable material foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules, orders, consents and regulations relating to the protection of health and human safety, the environment, natural resources, and hazardous or toxic substances, wastes, chemicals,
pollutants or contaminants (Environmental Laws). The Company (a) has received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct its business, (b) is in compliance
with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval and (c) has not received notices of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any actual or potential lability or
violation, and is not subject to any pending or to the Companys knowledge, threatened action, suit, proceeding, investigation or claim, arising under or relating to any Environmental Law, except where such noncompliance with Environmental
Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals, failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such permits, licenses or approvals, or notice, action, suit, proceeding, investigation or claim would not, singularly or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There are no costs (including anticipated capital expenditures), obligations or liabilities associated with or arising under Environmental Laws of or relating to the Company.
Except as described in the 2024 SEC Reports, there are no proceedings pending, or to the Companys knowledge, contemplated, against the Company under Environmental Laws in which a government authority is also a party, other than such
proceedings which it is reasonably believed no monetary sanctions of $500,000 or more will be imposed. The Company is not aware of any facts or issues regarding compliance with Environmental Laws that could reasonably be expected to have a material
effect on the capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position of the Company. 

3.14 Title. The Company has good and
marketable title to all real property and good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company, free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as do not materially
affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company; and any real property and buildings held under lease by the Company is held under valid, subsisting and
enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and would not reasonably be expected to materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company. 

3.15 Insurance. The Company is insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such
amounts as in the Companys reasonable judgment are prudent and customary in the businesses in which they are engaged; the Company has not been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for; and the Company does not have any reason to
believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.16 Nasdaq Stock Market. The issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock are
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and are listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol OM. Except as otherwise stated or disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports, the Company is in
compliance with all applicable listing requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) applicable to the Company. As of the date hereof, 

10 

there is no suit, action, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company by Nasdaq or the SEC, respectively, to prohibit or terminate the
listing of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market or to deregister the Common Stock under the Exchange Act. The Company has taken no action as of the date hereof that is designed to terminate the registration of the Common Stock under
the Exchange Act. 

3.17 Regulatory Compliance(i) . The research studies and trials conducted by or on behalf of, or sponsored by,
the Company, or in which the Company has participated, were and, if still pending, are being, conducted in all material respects in accordance with all applicable governmental licenses and Health Care Laws (as defined below); the Company has no
knowledge of any research studies or clinical trials which reasonably call into question in any material respect the results of the research studies and clinical trials; and the Company has not received any written notices, correspondence or other
communications from the FDA or any other foreign, state or local governmental body exercising comparable authority or any institutional review board or comparable authority requiring or threatening the premature termination, suspension, material
modification or clinical hold of any research studies or trials conducted by or on behalf of, or sponsored by, the Company or in which the Company has participated and, to the Companys knowledge, there are no reasonable grounds for the same.

3.18 Compliance with Health Care Laws. For purposes of this Agreement, Health Care Laws means all health care
laws applicable to the Company, including, but not limited to: the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq), the Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. Section 1320a-7b(b)), the
Civil Monetary Penalties Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7a), the Physician Payment Sunshine Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7h), the Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C.
Section 3729 et seq.), the criminal False Claims Law (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b(a)), all criminal laws relating to health care fraud and abuse, including but not limited to 18 U.S.C. Sections 286 and 287,
and the health care fraud criminal provisions under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) (42 U.S.C. Section 1320d et seq.), the exclusion laws (42 U.S.C. 1320a-7), HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (42 U.S.C. Section 17921 et seq.), Medicare (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act), Medicaid (Title XIX of
the Social Security Act), and any and all other similar state, local, federal or foreign health care laws and the regulations promulgated pursuant to such laws, including, without limitation, the FDAs current good manufacturing practice
regulations at 21 CFR Part 820 and all other laws and regulations applicable to ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing, use, distribution, storage, import, export or disposal of the Companys products, each as
amended from time to time. Except as would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or as disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports, the Company (i) is and at all times has been in compliance with
all Health Care Laws and has not engaged in activities which are, as applicable, cause for false claims liability, civil penalties, or mandatory or permissive exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid, or any other state or federal health care program; and
(ii) has not received any FDA Form 483, written notice of adverse finding, warning letter, untitled letter or other correspondence or written notice from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority alleging or asserting
noncompliance with (x) any Health Care Laws or (y) any governmental licenses required by any such Health Care Laws. Except as would not, singly or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or as
disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports, the Company has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, 

11 

notices, applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Health Care Laws or governmental licenses and all such reports, documents, forms, notices,
applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were materially complete and correct on the date filed (or were materially corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission). Except as would not, singly or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or as disclosed in the 2024 SEC Reports, the Company has not received written notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement, investigation, arbitration or
other action from any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging a violation of any Health Care Laws, and, to the Companys knowledge, no such claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement,
investigation, arbitration or other action is threatened. The Company is not a party to and has no ongoing reporting obligations pursuant to any corporate integrity agreements, deferred prosecution agreements, monitoring agreements, consent decrees,
settlement orders, plans of correction or similar agreements with or imposed by any governmental entity. Additionally, neither the Company nor any of its employees, officers, directors, or, to the knowledge of the Company, agents, has been excluded,
suspended or debarred from participation in any U.S. federal health care program or human research study or clinical trial or, to the knowledge of the Company, is subject to a governmental inquiry, investigation, proceeding, or other similar action
that would reasonably be expected to result in debarment, suspension, or exclusion. 

3.19 Accounting Controls and Disclosure Controls
and Procedures. The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting
controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that (a) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations; (b) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability; (c) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization and (d) the recorded accountability for assets is
compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Since the end of the Companys most recent audited fiscal year, there has been (i) no material weakness in the
Companys internal control over financial reporting (whether or not remediated) and (ii) no change in the Companys internal control over financial reporting that has materially and adversely affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially and adversely affect, the Companys internal control over financial reporting. The Company maintains an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule
13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that complies with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and that has been designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that
it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SECs rules and forms, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated
and communicated to the Companys management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company has carried out evaluations of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. 

3.20 Price Stabilization of Common Stock. The Company has not taken,
nor will it take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to stabilize or manipulate the price of the Common Stock to facilitate the sale or resale of the Securities. 

12 

3.21 Investment Company Act. The Company is not, and immediately after receipt of
payment for the Securities will not be, required to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

3.22 General Solicitation; No Integration or Aggregation. Neither the Company nor any other person or entity authorized by the Company
to act on its behalf has engaged in a general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D of the Securities Act) with respect to offers or sales of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement. The Company has not, directly
or indirectly, sold, offered for sale, solicited offers to buy or otherwise negotiated in respect of, any security (as defined in the Securities Act) which, to its knowledge, is or will be (i) integrated with the Securities sold pursuant to
this Agreement for purposes of the Securities Act or (ii) aggregated with prior offerings by the Company for the purposes of the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the
Purchasers set forth in Section 4, neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any Company security or solicited any offers
to buy any Company security, under circumstances that would adversely affect reliance by the Company on Section 4(a)(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder for the exemption from registration for the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

3.23 Brokers and Finders. Other than (i) to Persons (other than the Placement Agent) resulting in fees
not exceeding $250,000 and (ii) payments due to UBS Securities LLC at Closing, neither the Company nor any other Person authorized by the Company to act on its behalf has retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made for fees of a type contemplated in this Section 3.23 that may be due in connection with
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements. 

3.24 Reliance by the Purchasers. The Company acknowledges that each of
the Purchasers will rely upon the truth and accuracy of, and the Companys compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements and understandings of the Company set forth herein. 

3.25 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates, nor any director, officer, or employee thereof, or,
to the knowledge of the Company any agent, representative or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its affiliates is aware of or has taken any action, directly or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA), including, without limitation, making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly
in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything of value to any foreign official (as such term is
defined in the FCPA) or any foreign political party or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the FCPA and the Company and its affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with the FCPA and
have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance therewith.

13 

3.26 Anti-Bribery and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. The operations of the Company are
and have been conducted at all times in material compliance with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including those of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), and the applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the rules and regulations thereunder and
any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the Anti-Money Laundering Laws), and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or
governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

3.27 Compliance with Data Privacy Laws. The Company has complied in all material respects and is presently in compliance with all
internal and external privacy policies, contractual obligations, industry standards, applicable laws, statutes, judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or other governmental or regulatory authority and any other legal
obligations, in each case, relating to the collection, use, transfer, import, export, storage, protection, disposal and disclosure by the Company of personally identifiable or other regulated data (Data Security Obligations, and
such data, Data). The Company has not received any written notification of or complaint regarding material non-compliance with any Data Security Obligation. There is no action, suit,
investigation or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened alleging non-compliance with any Data Security Obligation.

3.28 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the
one hand, and the directors, officers, stockholders, customers or suppliers of the Company, on the other hand, that is required to be described in the SEC Reports that is not so described. 

3.29 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship
between the Company and an unconsolidated or other off-balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in SEC Reports and is not so disclosed. 

3.30 Disqualification Events. Neither the Company nor any of its (i) predecessors, (ii) Affiliates, (iii) directors, (iv)
executive officers, (v) non-executive officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement, (vi) beneficial owners of 20% or more of its outstanding voting equity securities
(calculated on the basis of voting power), (vii) promoters or (viii) investment managers (including any of such investment managers directors, executive officers or officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement)
or general partners or managing members of such investment managers (including any of such general partners or managing members directors, executive officers or officers participating in the placement contemplated by this Agreement)
(each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer Covered Persons) is subject to the disqualification provisions of Rule 506(d)(1)(i-viii) of Regulation D under the
Securities Act (a Disqualification Event). 

14 

3.31 No Additional Agreements. The Company does not have and will not enter into any
agreement or understanding (including side letters) with any Purchaser with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreements other than as specified in the Transaction Agreements. No Other Securities Purchase Agreement includes
terms and conditions that are materially more advantageous to any Other Purchase thereunder than those provided to the Purchasers hereunder. 

4. Representations and Warranties of Each Purchaser. Each Purchaser, severally for itself and not jointly with any other Purchaser,
represents and warrants to the Company that the statements contained in this Section 4 are true and correct as of the date hereof and the Approval Closing Date: 

4.1 Organization. Such Purchaser is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
organization and has the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder. 

4.2
Authorization. Such Purchaser has all requisite corporate or similar power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements to which it will be a party and to carry out and perform its obligations hereunder and
thereunder. All corporate, member or partnership action on the part of such Purchaser or its stockholders, members or partners necessary for the authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction
Agreements to which it will be a party and the consummation of the other transactions contemplated herein has been taken. The signature of the Purchaser on this Agreement is genuine and the signatory to this Agreement, if the Purchaser is an
individual, has the legal competence and capacity to execute the same or, if the Purchaser is not an individual, the signatory has been duly authorized to execute the same on behalf of the Purchaser. Assuming this Agreement constitutes the legal,
valid and binding agreement of the Company, this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against such Purchaser in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
or otherwise affected by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and/or similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally or by general equity principles (regardless of whether such
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

4.3 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance
of the Transaction Agreements by such Purchaser, the purchase of the Securities in accordance with their terms and the consummation by such Purchaser of the other transactions contemplated hereby will not conflict with or result in any violation of,
breach or default by such Purchaser (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, conflict with, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any obligation, a change of control right or to a loss of a material
benefit under (i) any provision of the organizational documents of such Purchaser, including, without limitation, its incorporation or formation papers, bylaws, indenture of trust or partnership or operating agreement, as may be applicable or
(ii) any agreement or instrument, undertaking, credit facility, franchise, license, judgment, order, ruling, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulations, applicable to such Purchaser or its respective properties or assets, except, in the case
of clause (ii), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to materially delay or hinder the ability of such Purchaser to perform its obligations under the Transaction Agreements (such delay or hindrance, a
Purchaser Adverse Effect). 

15 

4.4 Residency. Such Purchasers residence (if an individual) or offices in which
its investment decision with respect to the Securities was made (if an entity) are located at the address immediately below such Purchasers name on Exhibit A. 

4.5 Brokers and Finders. Such Purchaser has not retained, utilized or been represented by any broker or finder in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement whose fees the Company would be required to pay. 

4.6 Investment Representations and
Warranties. Such Purchaser hereby represents and warrants that, it (i) as of the date hereof is, if an entity, is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or an institutional
accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) under Regulation D promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act; or (ii) if an individual, is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of
Regulation D of the Securities Act and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be able to protect its own interests in connection with an investment in the Securities. Such Purchaser further represents and warrants
that (x) it is a sophisticated institutional investor, experienced in investing in private equity transactions and capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment
strategies involving a security or securities, including the Purchasers investment with respect to the Securities, and (y) that it has not been organized for the purpose of acquiring the Securities and is an institutional
account as defined by FINRA Rule 4512(c). Such Purchaser understands and agrees that the offering and sale of the Securities has not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities laws and is being made in reliance
upon federal and state exemptions for transactions not involving a public offering which depend upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment intent and the accuracy of such Purchasers representations as expressed herein.

4.7 Intent. Such Purchaser is purchasing the Securities (and the Conversion Shares) solely for investment purposes, for such
Purchasers own account and not for the account of others, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act, and the Purchaser has no present intention of selling, granting any
participation in, or otherwise distributing the same in violation of the Securities Act without prejudice, however, to the Purchasers right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Securities (or Conversion Shares)
in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such Purchaser is purchasing the Securities (and Conversion Shares) as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, such Purchaser has full
investment discretion with respect to each such account, and the full power and authority to make the acknowledgements, representations and agreements herein on behalf of each owner of each such account. Such Purchaser understands that the
Securities (and Conversion Shares) must be held indefinitely unless such Securities (or Conversion Shares) are resold pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act or an exemption from registration is available. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty or agreement by such Purchaser that it will hold the Securities (or Conversion Shares) for any period of time. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its
business. 

16 

Such Purchaser does not presently have any agreement, plan or understanding, directly or
indirectly, with any Person to distribute or effect any distribution of any of the Securities (or any securities which are derivatives thereof) to or through any person or entity in violation of federal securities law; such Purchaser is not a
registered broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act or an entity engaged in a business that would require it to be so registered as a broker-dealer. 

4.8 Investment Experience; Ability to Protect Its Own Interests and Bear Economic Risks. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it can bear
the economic risk and complete loss of its investment in the Securities and has knowledge and experience in finance, securities, taxation, investments and other business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of investments of
the kind described in this Agreement and contemplated hereby, and such Purchaser has had an opportunity to seek, and has sought, such accounting, legal, business and tax advice as such Purchaser has considered necessary to make an informed
investment decision. Such Purchaser acknowledges that such Purchaser (i) is a sophisticated investor, experienced in investing in private placements of equity securities and capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general
and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities and (ii) has exercised independent judgment in evaluating its participation in the purchase of the Securities. Such Purchaser acknowledges that
such Purchaser is aware that there are substantial risks incident to the purchase and ownership of the Securities, including those set forth in the Companys filings with the SEC. Alone, or together with any professional advisor(s), such
Purchaser has adequately analyzed and fully considered the risks of an investment in the Securities and determined that the Securities are a suitable investment for such Purchaser. Such Purchaser is, at this time and in the foreseeable future, able
to afford the loss of such Purchasers entire investment in the Securities and such Purchaser acknowledges specifically that a possibility of total loss exists. 

4.9 Independent Investment Decision. Such Purchaser understands that nothing in the Transaction Agreements or any other materials
presented by or on behalf of the Company to such Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Securities constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. Such Purchaser has consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in their sole
discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its purchase of the Securities. 

4.10 Securities Not Registered;
Legends. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Securities are being offered in a transaction not involving any public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act, and such Purchaser understands that the Securities have not been
registered under the Securities Act, by reason of their issuance by the Company in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and that the Securities must continue to be held and may not be offered, resold,
transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of by such Purchaser unless a subsequent disposition thereof is registered under the Securities Act or is exempt from such registration and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of
any state of the United States. Such Purchaser understands that the exemptions from registration afforded by Rule 144 (the provisions of which are known to it) promulgated under the Securities Act depend on the satisfaction of various conditions
including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period and on requirements relating to the Company which are outside of such Purchasers control and which the Company may not be able to satisfy, and that, if applicable,
Rule 144 may afford the basis for sales only in limited amounts. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it has been advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, transfer, pledge or disposition of any of the Securities.
Such Purchaser acknowledges that no federal or state agency has passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities or made any findings or determination as to the fairness of this investment. 

17 

Such Purchaser understands that the Series A Preferred Stock and Conversion Shares may bear
one or more legends in substantially the following form and substance: 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE
ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THESE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN AVAILABLE REGISTRATION EXEMPTION. 

In addition, the Series A Preferred Stock and Conversion Shares may contain a legend regarding affiliate status of the Purchaser, if
applicable. 

4.11 No General Solicitation. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is purchasing the Securities
directly from the Company. Such Purchaser became aware of this offering of the Securities solely by means of direct contact from the Company as a result of a pre-existing, substantive relationship with the
Company and/or its respective advisors (including, without limitation, attorneys, accountants, bankers, consultants and financial advisors), agents, control persons, representatives, affiliates, directors, officers, managers, members, employees
and/or the representatives of such persons. The Securities were offered to such Purchaser solely by direct contact between Purchaser and the Company and/or its respective representatives. Purchaser did not become aware of this offering of the
Securities, nor were the Securities offered to Purchaser, by any other means, and of the Company and/nor its respective representatives acted as investment advisor, broker or dealer to such Purchaser. Such Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities
as a result of any general or public solicitation or general advertising, or publicly disseminated advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over
television, radio or the internet or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement, including any of the methods described in Section 502(c) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. 

4.12 Access to Information. In making its decision to purchase the Securities, such Purchaser has relied solely upon independent
investigation made by such Purchaser and upon the representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein and upon the statements contained in the SEC Reports. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that such Purchaser has received such
information as such Purchaser deems necessary in order to make an investment decision with respect to the Securities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such Purchaser acknowledges that copies of the 2024 SEC Reports filed prior to
the date hereof are available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov. Such Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that such Purchaser and its professional advisor(s), if any, have had the opportunity to ask such questions, receive such answers and obtain such
information from the Company regarding the Company, its business and the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities as such Purchaser and its professional advisor(s), if any, have deemed necessary to make an investment decision with
respect to the Securities and that such Purchaser has independently made its own analysis and decision to invest in the Company. 

18 

4.13 Certain Trading Activities. Other than consummating the transaction contemplated
hereby, the Purchaser has not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the
period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser was first contacted by the Company or any other Person regarding the transaction contemplated hereby and ending immediately prior to the date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) in the
case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the
portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of the assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase
the Securities covered by this Agreement and (ii) in the case of a Purchaser whose investment adviser utilized an information barrier with respect to the information regarding the transactions contemplated hereunder after first being contacted
by the Company or such other Person representing the Company, the representation set forth above shall only apply after the point in time when the portfolio manager who manages such Purchasers assets was informed of the information regarding
the transactions contemplated hereunder and, with respect to the Purchasers investment adviser, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company
on behalf of other funds or investment vehicles for which the Purchasers investment adviser is also an investment adviser or subadviser after the point in time when the portfolio manager who manages the assets of such other funds or investment
vehicles for which the Purchasers investment adviser is also an investment adviser or sub-adviser was informed of the information regarding the transactions contemplated hereunder. Other than to other
Persons party to this Agreement (and such Purchasers legal counsel and other professional advisors), such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence
and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the availability of, or
securing of, available shares to borrow in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future. 

4.14 No Governmental
Review. Such Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the
investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities. 

4.15
Disqualification Event. To the extent the Investor is one of the covered persons identified in Rule 506(d)(1), the Investor represents that no disqualifying event described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i-viii) of
the Securities Act Disqualification Event is applicable to the Investor or any of its Rule 506(d) Related Parties (as defined below), except, if applicable, for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) or (d)(3) is
applicable. The Investor hereby agrees that it shall notify the Company promptly in writing in the event a Disqualification 

19 

Event becomes applicable to the Investor or any of its Rule 506(d) Related Parties, except, if applicable, for a Disqualification Event as to which Rule 506(d)(2)(ii) or (iii) or (d)(3) is
applicable. For purposes of this Section, Rule 506(d) Related Party means a person or entity that is a beneficial owner of the Investors securities for purposes of Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act. 

4.16 Regulation M. Such Purchaser is aware that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of
Securities and other activities with respect to the Securities by the Purchasers. 

5. Covenants. 

5.1 Further Assurances. Each party agrees to cooperate with each other and their respective officers, employees, attorneys, accountants
and other agents, and, generally, do such other reasonable acts and things in good faith as may be necessary to effectuate the intents and purposes of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions hereof and compliance with applicable law,
including taking reasonable action to facilitate the filing of any document or the taking of reasonable action to assist the other parties hereto in complying with the terms hereof. Each Purchaser acknowledges that the Company will rely on the
acknowledgments, understandings, agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. Prior to the Approval Closing, the Purchaser agrees to promptly notify the Company if any of the acknowledgments, understandings, agreements,
representations and warranties set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement are no longer accurate. 

5.2
Listing. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and, in accordance therewith, will use reasonable best efforts to comply in all material
respects with the Companys reporting, filing and other obligations under the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. 

5.3 Disclosure of
Transactions. The Company shall, not later than 9:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof (provided that, if this Agreement is executed between midnight and 9:00 a.m., New York City time on any
Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. on the date hereof), issue a press release and/or file with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K (the Disclosure Document, and the actual filing of such
press release and/or Current Report on Form 8-K, the Disclosure Time) disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Transaction Agreements, and
including as exhibits to any such Current Report on Form 8-K the material Transaction Agreements (including, without limitation, this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement). Following the Disclosure
Time, no Purchaser shall be in possession of any material, non-public information received from the Company or any of its officers, directors, employees or agents unless otherwise specifically agreed by such
Purchaser under the terms of a binding non-disclosure agreement or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not disclose the name of any Purchaser or any of its
affiliates or advisers, or include the name of any Purchaser or any of its affiliates or advisers in any press release, marketing material or filings with the SEC (other than any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights
Agreement) or any regulatory agency, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (i) as required by the federal securities law in connection with (A) any registration statement

20 

contemplated by the Registration Rights Agreement and (B) the filing of final Transaction Agreements (including signature pages thereto) with the SEC or pursuant to other routine proceedings
of regulatory authorities, or (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by law, at the request of the staff of the SEC or regulatory agency or under the regulations of Nasdaq, provided that the Company shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to provide such Purchaser with prior written notice and a reasonable opportunity to review such disclosure permitted under foregoing clause (ii). 

5.4 Integration. The Company shall not, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that no Affiliate of the Company
shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would
require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities to the Purchasers, or that will be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any National Exchange such that it
would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction. 

5.5 Subsequent Equity Sales. From the date hereof until 30 days after the Effective Date, without the consent of the Purchasers of at
least 60% of the Securities then held by Purchasers, the Company shall not (a) issue shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, or (b) file with the SEC a registration statement under the Securities Act relating to any shares of
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. In seeking any consent pursuant to this Section 5.5, the Company shall ensure that the Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of such information through the Purchasers
internal or wall cross procedures. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 5.5 shall not apply to (i) the issuance of the Securities hereunder, (ii) the transactions contemplated
by the Registration Rights Agreement, (iii) the issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise of any options or warrants or upon the vesting of any restricted stock units outstanding on the date hereof, (iv) the issuance of Common Stock or
Common Stock Equivalents to employees, directors or consultants pursuant to (a) any stock option or equity incentive or employee stock purchase plan in effect on the date hereof, or (b) any compensation agreements in effect on the date
hereof, (v) the issuance of Common Stock in connection with acquisitions or strategic transactions, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person which is an operating company in a business synergistic with the business of the
Company, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities, (vi) the filing of a registration statement
on Form S-8, and (vii) facilitating the establishment of a trading plan on behalf of a stockholder, officer or director of the Company pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under
the Exchange Act for the transfer of shares of Common Stock. 

5.6 Removal of Legends. 

(a) Once a Registration Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) covering the resale of the Conversion Shares is declared
effective, the Company shall instruct the Transfer Agent to remove all restrictive legends, including the legend set forth in Section 4.10 above (or, in the event that Conversion Shares are issued upon conversion after the
Registration Statement is declared effective, the Conversion Shares shall be issued without 

21 

restrictive legends). Further, the Company shall instruct the Transfer Agent to remove all restrictive legends, including the legend set forth in Section 4.10 above,
(i) following any sale of such Securities or Conversion Shares pursuant to Rule 144 or any other applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, or (ii) if such Conversion Shares are eligible for resale under
Rule 144(b)(1) or any successor provision (or, in the event that Conversion Shares are issued upon conversion after the conditions set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above, the Conversion Shares shall be issued without restrictive legends).
Without limiting the foregoing, upon request of the Purchaser, upon receipt by the Company of an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company to the effect that such legend is no longer required under the Securities Act and applicable
state securities laws, the Company shall, within three Trading Days, cause the legend to be removed from any certificate (or electronic book-entry notation) for any Securities or Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and
deliver, or cause to be delivered, to any Purchaser new certificate(s) (or electronic book-entry statements) representing the Securities or Conversion Shares that are free from all restrictive and other legends or, at the request of such Purchaser,
via DWAC transfer to such Purchasers account. 

5.7 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds from the sale of the
Securities for general corporate purposes. 

5.8 Withholding Taxes. Each Purchaser agrees to furnish the Company with such
information, representations and forms as shall reasonably be requested by the Company from time to time to assist the Company in complying with any applicable tax law (including any withholding obligations). Each Purchaser represents that it has
provided the Company with a completed and executed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or applicable Form W-8, as appropriate, and agrees to promptly furnish the Company
with such forms upon any expiration, obsolescence or inaccuracy of any prior forms or upon request of the Company. If the Company determines that any amounts payable to any Purchaser in respect of the Series A Preferred Shares are required to be
deducted and withheld from any such payment, at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date the applicable payment is scheduled to be made, the Company shall provide such Purchaser with (i) written notice of such intent to deduct and
withhold, which notice shall include the basis for the withholding and an estimate of the amount proposed to be deducted and withheld, and (ii) a reasonable opportunity to provide forms or other evidence that would exempt such amounts from
withholding, and the Company shall reasonably cooperate with such Purchaser to reduce or eliminate amounts required to be withheld in accordance with applicable law. 

5.9 Fees and Taxes. The Company shall be responsible for the payment of the any financial advisory fees or brokers commissions
relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, any fees or commissions payable to placement agents as the Company may engage in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Agreements. 

5.10 No Conflicting Agreements. The Company will not take any action, enter into any agreement or make any commitment
that would conflict or interfere in any material respect with the Companys obligations to the Purchasers under the Transaction Agreements. 

5.11 Reporting Status. The Company shall timely file all reports required to be filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, and the
Company shall not terminate its status as an issuer required to file reports under the Exchange Act even if the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder would otherwise permit such termination. 

22 

5.12 Requisite Stockholder Approval. The Company shall hold a special meeting of the
stockholders no later than March 5, 2025 (the Special Meeting), for the purpose of obtaining stockholder approval of (i) the conversion of all issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock
in accordance with Nasdaq listing rules and (ii) issuance of the Securities to the Purchasers (the Requisite Stockholder Approval). The Company shall use its best efforts to solicit its stockholders approval of such
resolution and to cause the Board of Directors to recommend to the stockholders that they approve such resolution. If the Requisite Stockholder Approval is not obtained at the Special Meeting, the Company shall cause an additional meeting of
stockholders to be held within sixty (60) days from the date of the Special Meeting (the Extended Stockholder Approval Period). If the Requisite Stockholder Approval is not obtained within the Extended Stockholder Approval
Period, then the Company shall convene additional stockholder meetings every sixty (60) days thereafter until the Requisite Stockholder Approval is obtained. 

5.13 Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The Company and the Purchasers agree that each Purchasers initial Beneficial Ownership
Limitation (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) will be as set forth on such Purchasers signature page to this Agreement. Each Purchasers Beneficial Ownership Limitation may thereafter be changed in accordance with the
provisions of the Certificate of Designations. 

5.14 Conversion and Exercise Procedures. The form of Notice of Conversion included
in the Certificate of Designations sets forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to convert the Series A Preferred Stock. Without limiting the preceding sentence, no
ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required in order for the registered
holder thereof to convert the Series A Preferred Stock. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of a Purchaser to convert its Series A Preferred Stock. The Company shall honor conversions of the Series A
Preferred Stock and shall deliver Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Agreements. 

5.15 Short Sales After the Date Hereof. Such Purchaser shall not engage, directly or indirectly, in any transactions in the
Companys securities (including, without limitation, any Short Sales involving the Companys securities) during the period from the date hereof until the earlier of such time as (i) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are
first publicly announced as required by and described in Section 5.3 or (ii) this Agreement is terminated in full pursuant to Section 7. 

5.16 Indemnification. 

(a)
The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Purchaser and its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, trustees, members, managers, employees, investment advisers and agents (collectively, the Indemnified
Persons), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation reasonable 

23 

and documented attorney fees and disbursements and other documented out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred in
connection with investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim or proceeding, pending or threatened and the costs of enforcement thereof) to which such Indemnified Person may become (i) subject as a result of any breach of
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by or to be performed on the part of the Company under the Transaction Agreements or (ii) as a result of or arising out of any action, claim or proceeding, pending or threatened, against an
Indemnified Person in any capacity by any third party (including a stockholder of the Company), whether directly or in a derivative capacity, who is not an Affiliate of the Indemnified Person, with respect to the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Agreements, and in each case will reimburse any such Indemnified Person for all such amounts as they are incurred by such Indemnified Person. 

(b) Any person entitled to indemnification hereunder shall (i) give prompt written notice to the indemnifying party of any claim with
respect to which it seeks indemnification and (ii) permit such indemnifying party to assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party; provided that any person entitled to indemnification hereunder
shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense of such claim, but the fees and expenses of such separate counsel shall be at the expense of such person unless (A) the indemnifying party has agreed in writing
to pay such fees or expenses, (B) the indemnifying party shall have failed to assume the defense of such claim and employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such person or (C) in the reasonable judgment of any such person, based upon
written advice of its counsel, a conflict of interest exists between such person and the indemnifying party with respect to such claims (in which case, if the person notifies the indemnifying party in writing that such person elects to employ
separate counsel at the expense of the indemnifying party, the indemnifying party shall not have the right to assume the defense of such claim on behalf of such person); and provided, further, that the failure of any indemnified party to give
written notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that such failure to give notice shall materially adversely affect the indemnifying party in the defense of any such claim
or litigation. It is understood that the indemnifying party shall not, in connection with any proceeding in the same jurisdiction, be liable for fees or expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys at any time for all such indemnified
parties. No indemnifying party will, except with the consent of the indemnified party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement unless such judgment or
settlement (1) imposes no liability or obligation on, (2) includes as an unconditional term thereof the giving of a complete, explicit and unconditional release from the party bringing such indemnified claims of all liability of the
indemnified party in respect of such claim or litigation in favor of, and (3) does not include any admission of fault, culpability, wrongdoing, or wrongdoing or malfeasance by or on behalf of, the indemnified party. No indemnified party will,
except with the consent of the indemnifying party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement. 

24 

6. Conditions of Closing. 

6.1 Conditions to the Obligation of the Purchasers. The several obligations of each Purchaser to consummate the transactions to be
consummated at the Approval Closing, and to purchase and pay for the Series A Preferred Stock being purchased by it at the Approval Closing pursuant to this Agreement, are subject to the satisfaction or the waiver by such Purchaser in writing of the
following conditions precedent: 

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date hereof and as of the Other Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent any such representation or warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which
case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date. 

(b) Performance.
The Company shall have performed in all material respects the obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed by the Company on or prior to the Approval Closing Date. 

(c) No Injunction. At the Approval Closing, the purchase of and payment for the Series A Preferred Stock by each Purchaser shall not be
prohibited or enjoined by any law or governmental or court order or regulation and no such prohibition shall have been threatened in writing. 

(d) Consents. The Company shall have obtained any and all consents, permits, approvals, registrations and waivers necessary for the
consummation of the purchase and sale of the Series A Preferred Stock, all of which shall be in full force and effect. 

(e) Transfer
Agent. The Company shall have furnished all required materials to the Transfer Agent to reflect the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock at the Approval Closing. 

(f) Adverse Changes. Since the date hereof, no event or series of events shall have occurred that has had a Material Adverse Effect.

(g) Compliance Certificate. An authorized officer of the Company shall have delivered to the Purchasers at the Approval Closing
Date a certificate in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Purchasers certifying that the conditions specified in Sections 6.1(a) (Representations and Warranties), 6.1(b) (Performance), 6.1(c) (No Injunction),
6.1(f) (Adverse Changes), 6.1(k) (Listing Requirements) and 6.1(o) (Refinancing) of this Agreement have been fulfilled. 

(h) Opinion of Company Counsel. The Company shall have delivered to the Purchasers the opinion of Sidley Austin LLP, dated as of the
Approval Closing Date in customary form and substance to be reasonably agreed upon with the Purchasers and addressing such legal matters as the Purchasers and the Company reasonably agree. 

(i) Secretarys Certificate. The Secretary of the Company shall have delivered to the Purchasers at the Approval Closing Date a
certificate certifying (i) the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; (ii) the Amended and Restated Bylaws; and (iii) resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors (or an authorized committee thereof) approving this
Agreement, the other Transaction Agreements, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

25 

(j) Registration Rights Agreement. The Company shall have executed and delivered the
Registration Rights Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the Registration Rights Agreement) to the Purchasers. 

(k) Listing Requirements. No stop order or suspension of trading shall have been imposed by Nasdaq, the SEC or any other governmental
or regulatory body with respect to public trading in the Common Stock. The Common Stock shall be listed on Nasdaq and shall not have been suspended by the SEC or Nasdaq from trading thereon. The Company shall have filed with Nasdaq a Notification
Form: Listing of Additional Shares for the listing of the Conversion Shares and shall not have received any written objection to such listing from Nasdaq. 

(l) No Injunction. No judgment, writ, order, injunction, award or decree of or by any court, or judge, justice or magistrate, including
any bankruptcy court or judge, or any order of or by any governmental entity, shall have been issued, and no action or proceeding shall have been instituted by any governmental entity, enjoining or preventing the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby or in the other Transaction Agreements. 

(m) No Termination. This Agreement shall not have been terminated as
to such Purchaser in accordance with Section 7 hereof. 

(n) Payment. The Company shall have received
payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, of at least $75,000,000 on the Other Closing. 

(o) Refinancing. The
Perceptive Credit Facility shall have closed immediately prior to, or concurrently with, the Other Closing. 

6.2 Conditions
to the Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to consummate the transactions to be consummated at the Approval Closing, and to issue and sell to each Purchaser the Series A Preferred Stock to be purchased by it at the Approval
Closing pursuant to this Agreement, is subject to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of the following conditions precedent: 

(a)
Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of each Purchaser in Section 4 hereto shall be true and correct on and as of the Approval Closing Date, with the same force and effect as though made
on and as of the Approval Closing Date and consummation of the Approval Closing shall constitute a reaffirmation by the Purchaser of each of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Purchaser contained in this Agreement as of
the Approval Closing Date. 

(b) Performance. Each Purchaser shall have performed or complied with in all material respects all
obligations and conditions herein required to be performed or observed by such Purchaser on or prior to the Approval Closing Date. 

(c)
Injunction. The purchase of and payment for the Series A Preferred Stock by each Purchaser shall not be prohibited or enjoined by any law or governmental or court order or regulation. 

26 

(d) Registration Rights Agreement. Each Purchaser shall have executed and delivered
the Registration Rights Agreement to the Company in the form attached as Exhibit C. 

(e) Payment. The Company shall have
received payment, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, of at least $75,000,000 on the Other Closing. 

7. Termination.

7.1 Termination. The obligations of the Company, on the one hand, and a Purchaser, on the other hand, to effect the Approval
Closing shall terminate as follows: 

(i) Upon the mutual written consent of the Company and such Purchaser prior to the Approval Closing;

(ii) By the Company if any of the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 shall have become incapable of
fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by the Company; 

(iii) By such Purchaser if any of the conditions set forth in
Section 6.1 shall have become incapable of fulfillment, and shall not have been waived by the Purchaser; or 

(iv) By either the Company or such Purchaser if the Approval Closing has not occurred on or prior to the fifth Trading Day following the date
of the Requisite Stockholder Approval; 

provided, however, that, except in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, the party
seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Approval Closing shall not then be in breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in the Transaction Agreements if such breach has resulted in the
circumstances giving rise to such partys seeking to terminate its obligation to effect the Approval Closing. 

7.2 Notice. In
the event of termination by the Company or the Purchaser of its obligations to effect the Closing pursuant to Section 7.1, written notice thereof shall be given to the other party. Nothing in this
Section 7 shall be deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by such party of the other terms and provisions of the Transaction Agreements or to impair the right of any party to compel specific
performance by any other party of its other obligations under the Transaction Agreements. 

8. Miscellaneous Provisions. 

8.1 Public Statements or Releases. Except as set forth in and in compliance with Section 5.3, neither the
Company nor any Purchaser shall make any public announcement with respect to the existence or terms of this Agreement or the transactions provided for herein without the prior consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to compliance with Section 5.3, nothing in this Section 8.1 shall prevent any party from making any public announcement it considers necessary
in order to satisfy its obligations under the law, including applicable securities laws, or under the rules of any national securities exchange or securities market, in which case the Company shall 

27 

allow the Purchaser reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance. The Company shall not include the name of the Purchaser in any press release or public
announcement (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any filing with the SEC) without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, except as otherwise required by law or the applicable rules or regulations of any securities exchange or
securities market, in which case the Company shall allow the Purchaser, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, reasonable time to comment on such release or announcement in advance of such issuance. 

8.2 Interpretation. The words hereof, herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in
this Agreement will refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and section and subsection references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. The headings in this Agreement are included for
convenience of reference only and will not limit or otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they will be
deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The phrases the date of this Agreement, the date hereof and terms of similar import, unless the context otherwise requires, will be deemed to refer to the
date set forth in the first paragraph of this Agreement. The meanings given to terms defined herein will be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. All matters to be agreed to by any party hereto must be agreed to in
writing by such party unless otherwise indicated herein. References to agreements, policies, standards, guidelines or instruments, or to statutes or regulations, are to such agreements, policies, standards, guidelines or instruments, or statutes or
regulations, as amended or supplemented from time to time (or to successors thereto). 

8.3 Notices. Any notices or other
communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if sent by electronic mail
during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal business hours, then on the recipients next business day, provided no rejection or undeliverable message is received, (c) three (3) days after having been sent
by certified or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written
verification of receipt: 

(a) If to the Company, addressed as follows: 

Outset Medical, Inc. 

3052
Orchard Drive 

San Jose, CA 95134 

Attention: John Brottem; Nabeel Ahmed 

Email: jbrottem@outsetmedical.com; nahmed@outsetmedical.com 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice): 

Sidley Austin LLP 

555
California Street, Suite 2000 

San Francisco, CA 94104 

Attention: Frank F. Rahmani; Robert A. Ryan 

Email: frahmani@sidley.com; rryan@sidley.com 

28 

(b) If to any Purchaser, at its address set forth on Exhibit A or to such e-mail address, or address as subsequently modified by written notice given in accordance with this Section 8.3. 

Any Person may change the address to which notices and communications to it are to be addressed by notification as provided for herein. 

8.4 Severability. If any part or provision of this Agreement is held unenforceable or in conflict with the applicable laws or
regulations of any jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable part or provisions shall be replaced with a provision which accomplishes, to the extent possible, the original business purpose of such part or provision in a valid and enforceable
manner, and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain binding upon the parties hereto. 

8.5 Governing Law; Submission to
Jurisdiction; Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury. 

(a) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of
the State of New York without regard to choice of laws or conflicts of laws provisions thereof that would require the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction, except to the extent that mandatory principles of Delaware law may apply. 

(b) The Company and each of the Purchasers hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(i) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding relating solely to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby, to the general jurisdiction of the any state court or United States Federal court sitting in the City of New York in the State of New York; 

(ii) consents that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts, and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to
the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same to the extent permitted by applicable law; 

(iii) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified
mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to the party, as the case may be, at its address set forth in Section 8.3 or at such other address of which the other party shall have been notified
pursuant thereto; 

(iv) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by
law or shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction for recognition and enforcement of any judgment or if jurisdiction in the courts referenced in the foregoing clause (i) are not available despite the intentions of the parties
hereto; 

(v) agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court may be enforced in the courts of
any jurisdiction to which such party is subject by a suit upon such judgment, provided that service of process is effected upon such party in the manner specified herein or as otherwise permitted by law; 

29 

(vi) agrees that to the extent that such party has or hereafter may acquire any immunity
from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process with respect to itself or its property, such party hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under this Agreement, to the extent permitted by law; and 

(vii) irrevocably and unconditionally waives trial by jury in any legal action or proceeding in relation to this Agreement. 

8.6 Waiver. No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more
instances, shall be deemed to be, or be construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or condition of this Agreement. 

8.7 Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Agreements to the contrary, each party shall pay its own out-of-pocket fees and expenses, including the fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants and consultants employed by such party, incurred in connection with the proposed
investment in the Securities and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby; provided, however, that the Company shall pay all transfer agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for
same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other taxes (other than income taxes) and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the
Purchasers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall pay the reasonable legal fees and expenses of Perceptive Advisors LLC in connection with the Transaction Agreements, in an amount not to exceed $50,000.00 in the aggregate. 

8.8 Assignment. The Company shall not have the right to assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or designate another
person (a) to perform all or part of its obligations under this Agreement or (b) to have all or part of its rights and benefits under this Agreement, in each case without the prior written consent of the Purchasers. A Purchaser shall have
the right to assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement or designate another person (i) to perform all or part of its obligations under this Agreement or (ii) to have all or part of its rights and benefits under this Agreement,
in each case without the prior written consent of the Company, provided that (i) such assignment or designation is to any of its Affiliates or to any other investment funds or accounts managed or advised by the investment manager who acts on
behalf of such Purchaser or (ii) complies with applicable securities laws (provided that in the case of clauses (i) or (ii) each such assignee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and makes the same representations and
warranties set forth in Section 4 hereof). In the event of any assignment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the assignee shall specifically assume and be bound by the provisions of this Agreement by executing
a writing agreeing to be bound by and subject to the provisions of this Agreement and shall deliver an executed counterpart signature page to this Agreement and, notwithstanding such assumption or agreement to be bound hereby by an assignee, no such
assignment shall relieve any party assigning any interest hereunder from its obligations or liability pursuant to this Agreement. 

30 

8.9 Confidential Information. 

(a) Each Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any material non-public information provided to such Purchaser are publicly disclosed by the Company (which the Company shall effect in accordance with Section 5.3 hereof), such Purchaser will maintain
the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction), other than to such Purchasers outside attorney, accountant, auditor or investment advisor only to
the extent necessary to permit evaluation of the investment, and the performance of the necessary or required tax, accounting, financial, legal, or administrative tasks and services and other than as may be required by law. 

(b) The Company may request from the Purchasers such additional information as the Company may deem necessary to evaluate the eligibility of
the Purchaser to acquire the Securities, and the Purchaser shall promptly provide such information as may reasonably be requested to the extent readily available; provided, that the Company agrees to keep any such information provided by the
Purchaser confidential, except (i) as required by the federal securities laws, rules or regulations and (ii) to the extent such disclosure is required by other laws, rules or regulations, at the request of the staff of the SEC or
regulatory agency or under the regulations of Nasdaq. The Purchaser acknowledges that the Company may file a copy of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement with the SEC as exhibit to a periodic report or a registration statement of the
Company. 

8.10 Third Parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer on any Person other than the
parties to this Agreement any rights, remedies, claims, benefits, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, and no Person that is not a party to this Agreement (including, without limitation, any partner, member, shareholder,
director, officer, employee or other beneficial owner of any party to this Agreement, in its own capacity as such or in bringing a derivative action on behalf of a party to this Agreement) shall have any standing as a third party beneficiary with
respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby except as set forth in Section 5.15 hereof. 

8.11 Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Right. The obligations of each Purchaser under this
Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance obligations of any other Purchaser under this Agreement. Nothing contained herein, and no action
taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as, and the Company acknowledges that the Purchasers do not so constitute, a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a
presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group, and the Company will not assert any such claim with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company acknowledges and each
Purchaser confirms that it has independently participated in the negotiation of the transaction contemplated hereby with the advice of its own counsel and advisors. Each Purchaser also acknowledges that Sidley Austin LLP has rendered legal advice to
the Company and not such Purchaser. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to
be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Agreements for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to
do so by any Purchaser. 

31 

8.12 Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each
of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 

8.13 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This
Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto respecting the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, negotiations, understandings, representations and statements
respecting the subject matter hereof, whether written or oral. No modification, alteration, or change in any of the terms of this Agreement shall be valid or binding upon the parties hereto unless made in writing and duly executed by the Company and
each Purchaser. The Company, on the one hand, and each Purchaser, on the other hand, may by an instrument signed in writing by such parties waive the performance, compliance or satisfaction by such Purchaser or the Company, respectively, with any
term or provision hereof or any condition hereto to be performed, complied with or satisfied by such Purchaser or the Company, respectively. 

8.14 Survival. The covenants, representations and warranties made by each party hereto contained in this Agreement shall survive the
Approval Closing and the delivery of the Securities in accordance with their respective terms. Each Purchaser shall be responsible only for its own representations, warranties, agreements and covenants hereunder. 

8.15 Mutual Drafting. This Agreement is the joint product of each Purchaser and the Company and each provision hereof has been
subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto. 

8.16 Additional Matters. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and confirm that the terms and conditions of the Securities
were determined as a result of arms-length negotiations. 

8.17 Further Assurances. The
parties shall execute and deliver all such further instruments and documents and take all such other actions as may reasonably be required to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby and to evidence the fulfillment of the agreements herein
contained. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.] 

32 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

COMPANY:

OUTSET MEDICAL, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

PURCHASER:

[NAME]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Beneficial Ownership Limitation: ______%

EXHIBIT A 

PURCHASERS 

A-1 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION 

B-1 

EXHIBIT C 

FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

C-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d900977dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

Execution Version

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement), dated as of January 3, 2025, is entered into by and among
Outset Medical, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and the several investors signatory hereto (individually as an Investor and collectively together with their respective permitted assigns, the
Investors). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreement by and among the parties hereto, dated as of the date hereof (as
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the PurchaseAgreement). 

WHEREAS:

A. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue to the Investors, and the
Investors have agreed to purchase, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of up to 863,340 shares (the Shares) of the Companys Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock,
par value $0.001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock), pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

B. To induce the
Investors to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the
Securities Act), and applicable state securities laws. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the
mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investors hereby agree as follows: 

1. DEFINITIONS. 

For
purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a) Common Stock means the
Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share. 

(b) Convertible Shares means the shares of Common Stock which
may be issued upon conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock issued to the Investors pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

(c)
Person means any individual or entity including but not limited to any corporation, limited liability company, association, partnership, organization, business, individual, governmental or political subdivision thereof or a
governmental agency. 

(d) Register, Registered, and Registration refer to a
registration effected by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and providing for offering securities on a continuous basis, and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of
such registration statement(s) by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). 

(e)
Registrable Securities means, without regard to any beneficial ownership limitations, the Convertible Shares and any Common Stock issued or issuable with respect to the Shares or the Convertible Shares as a result of any stock
split or subdivision, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event. Registrable Securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities upon the earliest to occur of the following events: (i) the date that is three years following
the initial effective date of the Registration Statement; and (ii) the date on which the Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement. 

(f) Registration Expenses shall mean all registration and filing fee
expenses incurred by the Company in effecting any registration pursuant to this Agreement, including (i) all registration, qualification, and filing fees, printing expenses, and any other fees and expenses associated with filings required to be
made with the SEC, FINRA or any other regulatory authority, (ii) all fees and expenses in connection with compliance with or clearing the Registrable Securities for sale under any securities or Blue Sky laws, (iii) all
printing, duplicating, word processing, messenger, telephone, facsimile and delivery expenses, and (iv) all fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and of all independent certified public accountants of the Company (including the
expenses of any special audit and cold comfort letters required by or incident to such performance). 

(g) Registration
Statement means any registration statement of the Company filed with, or to be filed with, the SEC under the Securities Act, that Registers Registrable Securities, including the related prospectus, amendments and supplements to such
registration statement, including pre- and post-effective amendments, and all exhibits and all material incorporated by reference in such registration statement as may be necessary to comply with applicable
securities laws. Registration Statement shall also include a New Registration Statement, as amended when each became effective, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, and including any
information contained in a prospectus subsequently filed with the SEC. 

(h) Selling Expenses shall mean all
underwriting discounts and selling commissions applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities and all similar fees and commissions relating to the Investors disposition of the Registrable Securities. 

(i) Trading Day means a day on which the Nasdaq Global Select Market is open for business. 

2. REGISTRATION. 

(a)
Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, as promptly as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than 60 days after the Closing Date (the Filing Deadline), prepare and file with the SEC an initial
Registration Statement, registering various securities of the Company and the resale of the Registrable Securities of Investors eligible to sell under the Securities Act (the Initial Registration Statement). Such Registration
Statement shall not include any shares of Common Stock or other securities for the account of any other holder without the prior written consent of the Required Investors. Before filing the Initial Registration Statement, the Company shall furnish
to the Investors a copy of the Initial Registration Statement. The Investors and their counsel shall have at least three (3) business days prior to the anticipated filing date of the Initial Registration Statement to review and comment upon the
Initial Registration Statement and any amendment or supplement to the Initial Registration Statement and any related prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference therein), prior to its filing with the SEC. The Company shall
(a) use reasonable best efforts to address in each such document prior to being so filed with the SEC such comments as the Investor or its counsel reasonably proposed by the Investor, and (b) not file any Registration Statement or related
prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto containing information regarding the Investor to which Investor reasonably objects, unless such information is required to comply with any applicable law or regulation. The Investors shall furnish
all information reasonably requested by the Company and as shall be reasonably required in connection with any registration referred to in this Agreement. 

2 

(b) Effectiveness. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to have the Initial
Registration Statement and the amendment(s) declared effective by the SEC no later than the earlier of (i) fifty (50) days following the filing of the Initial Registration Statement and (ii) the fifth business day after the date the
Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the Initial Registration Statement will not be reviewed or will not be subject to further review (such earlier date, the Effectiveness
Deadline), subject to the approval of the conversion of Convertible Shares being received at the Companys special meeting of stockholders to be held no later than March 5, 2025. The Company shall notify the Investors by e-mail as promptly as practicable, and in any event, within twenty-four (24) hours, after the Initial Registration Statement is declared effective or is supplemented and shall provide the Investor with copies
of any related prospectus to be used in connection with the sale or other disposition of the securities covered thereby. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to keep the Initial Registration Statement effective pursuant to Rule 415
promulgated under the Securities Act and available for the resale by the Investors of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby at all times until the earliest to occur of the following events: (i) the date that is three years following
the initial effective date of the Initial Registration Statement; (ii) the date on which the Investors shall have resold all the Registrable Securities covered thereby; and (iii) the date on which the Registrable Securities may be resold
by the Investors without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for the Company to be
in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect (the Registration Period). The Initial Registration Statement (including the amendments or
supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. 

(c) Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of
shares available under the Initial Registration Statement at any time is insufficient to cover the Registrable Securities, the Company shall, to the extent necessary and permissible, amend the Initial Registration Statement or file a new
Registration Statement (together with any prospectuses or prospectus supplements thereunder, a New Registration Statement), so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event not
later than ten (10) business days after the necessity therefor arises (the New Registration Filing Deadline). The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to have such amendment and/or New Registration Statement become
effective as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing thereof but no later than the earlier of (a) the 75th calendar day following the initial filing date of the New Registration Statement if the SEC notifies the Company that it will
review the New Registration Statement and (b) the fifth business day after the date the Company is notified (orally or in writing, whichever is earlier) by the SEC that the New Registration Statement will not be reviewed
or will not be subject to further review (the earlier of such dates, the New Registration Effectiveness Deadline) The provisions of Section 2(a) and (b) shall apply to the New
Registration Statement, except as modified hereby. 

(d) Liquidated Damages. If (i) the Initial Registration Statement
is not filed by the Filing Deadline, (ii) if a New Registration Statement is not filed by the New Registration Filing Deadline, (iii) the Initial Registration Statement has not been declared effective by the Effectiveness Deadline,
(iv) the New Registration Statement has not been declared effective by the New Registration Effectiveness Deadline, (v) after any Registration Statement has been declared effective by the SEC, sales cannot be made pursuant to such
Registration Statement for any reason (including without limitation by reason of a stop order, or the Companys failure to update such Registration Statement), but excluding any Allowed Delay (as defined below) or, if the Registration Statement
is on Form S-1, for a period of twenty (20) days following the date on which the Company files a post-effective amendment to incorporate the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K, or (vi) after the Filing Deadline, and only in the event a Registration 

3 

Statement is not effective or available to sell all Registrable Securities, the Company fails to file with the SEC any required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act such
that it is not in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1), as a result of which the Investors who are not affiliates are unable to sell Registrable Securities without restriction under Rule 144 (each of (i) through (vi)), a Registration
Failure), then the Company will make pro rata payments to each Investor then holding Registrable Securities, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, in an amount equal to 1.0% of the aggregate amount paid pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement by such Investor for such Registrable Securities then held by such Investor upon the occurrence of such Registration Failure and for each 30-day period or pro rata for any portion thereof following
the date of such Registration Failure (the Blackout Period). The amounts payable as liquidated damages pursuant to this paragraph shall be paid in cash no later than five (5) business days after each such 30-day period (or pro rated period, if applicable) following the commencement of the Blackout Period until the termination of the Blackout Period (the Blackout Period Payment Date). Interest shall
accrue at the rate of 1.0% per month on any such liquidated damages payments that shall not be paid by the Blackout Period Payment Date until such amount is paid in full. Notwithstanding the above, in no event shall the aggregate amount of
liquidated damages (or interest thereon) paid under this Agreement to any Investor exceed, in the aggregate, 5.0% of the aggregate purchase price of the Shares purchased by such Investor under the Purchase Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in this
Section 2(d) to the contrary, during any periods that the Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of the Registrable Securities because any Investor fails to furnish information required to be
provided pursuant to Section 2(a) or Section 4(a) within three (3) Business Days of the Companys request, any liquidated damages that would otherwise accrue as to such Investor only shall be tolled until such information is
delivered to the Company. 

(e) Allowable Delays. On no more than two occasions and for not more than 30 consecutive days or
for a total of not more than 60 days in any 12 month period, the Company may delay the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or any other Registration Statement, or suspend the use of any prospectus included in any Registration
Statement, in the event that the Company determines in good faith that such delay or suspension is necessary to (A) delay the disclosure of material non-public information concerning the Company in
connection with the negotiation or consummation of a material transaction by the Company that is pending, which would require additional disclosure by the Company in the Registration Statement of such material
non-public information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose for preserving as confidential and the non-disclosure of which would be expected, in the
reasonable determination of the Company to cause the Registration Statement to fail to comply with applicable disclosure requirements, or (B) amend or supplement the affected Registration Statement or the related prospectus so that such
Registration Statement or prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the case of the prospectus in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (an Allowed Delay); provided, that the Company shall promptly (a) notify each Investor in writing of the commencement of an Allowed Delay, but shall not (without the
prior written consent of an Investor) disclose to such Investor any material non-public information giving rise to an Allowed Delay, (b) advise the Investors in writing to cease all sales under the
Registration Statement until the end of the Allowed Delay and (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to terminate an Allowed Delay as promptly as practicable. 

(f) Rule 415; Cutback. If at any time the SEC takes the position that the offering of some or all of the Registrable
Securities in any Registration Statement is not eligible to be made on a delayed or continuous basis under the provisions of Rule 415 under the Securities Act (provided, however, the Company shall be obligated to use reasonable best efforts to
advocate with the SEC for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities) or requires any Investor to be named as an underwriter, the Company shall (i) promptly notify each holder of Registrable Securities thereof and
(ii) make commercially 

4 

reasonable efforts to persuade the SEC that the offering contemplated by such Registration Statement is a valid secondary offering and not an offering by or on behalf of the issuer as
defined in Rule 415 and that none of the Investors is an underwriter. The Investors shall have the right to have its legal counsel, at such Investors expense, to review and oversee any registration or matters pursuant to this
Section 2(f), including participation in any meetings or discussions with the SEC regarding the SECs position and to comment on any written submission made to the SEC with respect thereto. No such written submission
with respect to this matter shall be made to the SEC to which any Investors counsel reasonably objects. In the event that, despite the Companys reasonable best efforts and compliance with the terms of this
Section 2(f), the SEC refuses to alter its position, the Company shall (i) remove from such Registration Statement such portion of the Registrable Securities (the Cut Back Shares) and/or
(ii) agree to such restrictions and limitations on the registration and resale of the Registrable Securities as the SEC may require to assure the Companys compliance with the requirements of Rule 415 (collectively, the SEC
Restrictions); provided, however, that the Company shall not name any Investor as an underwriter in such Registration Statement without the prior written consent of such Investor (provided that, in the event an Investor
withholds such consent, the Company shall have no obligation hereunder to include any Registrable Securities of such Investor in any Registration Statement covering the resale thereof until such time as the SEC no longer requires such Investor to be
named as an underwriter in such Registration Statement or such Investor otherwise consents in writing to being so named). Any cut-back imposed on the Investors pursuant to this
Section 2(f) shall be allocated among the Investors on a pro rata basis and shall be applied first to any of the Registrable Securities of such Investor as such Investor shall designate, unless the SEC Restrictions
otherwise require or provide or the Investors otherwise agree. No liquidated damages shall accrue as to any Cut Back Shares until such date as the Company is able to effect the registration of such Cut Back Shares in accordance with any SEC
Restrictions applicable to such Cut Back Shares (such date, the Restriction Termination Date). From and after the Restriction Termination Date applicable to any Cut Back Shares, all of the provisions of this
Section 2 (including the Companys obligations with respect to the filing of a Registration Statement and its obligations to use reasonable efforts to have such Registration Statement declared effective within the time
periods set forth herein and the liquidated damages provisions relating thereto) shall again be applicable to such Cut Back Shares; provided, however, that the date by which the Company is required to obtain effectiveness with
respect to such Cut Back Shares shall be the fifty-fifth (55th) day immediately after the Restriction Termination Date. 

3. RELATED COMPANY OBLIGATIONS. 

With respect to the Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be Registered pursuant to
Section 2, including on the Initial Registration Statement or on any New Registration Statement, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the
intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations: 

(a) Notifications.
The Company will promptly notify the Investors promptly of the time when any subsequent amendment to the Initial Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement, other than documents incorporated by reference, has been filed with the SEC
and/or has become effective or where a receipt has been issued therefor or any subsequent supplement to a prospectus has been filed and of any request by the SEC for any amendment or supplement to the Initial Registration Statement, any New
Registration Statement or any prospectus or for additional information. 

(b) Amendments. The Company will prepare and file with the
SEC the amendments, post-effective amendments or supplements to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any related prospectus, as applicable, that, (a) as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement
effective for the Registration Period and to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the distribution of all of the Registrable Securities covered thereby, or (b) in the reasonable opinion of the
Investors and the Company, as may be necessary or advisable in connection with any acquisition or sale of Registrable Securities by the Investors. 

5 

(c) Investor Review. The Company will not file any amendment or supplement to the
Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, other than documents incorporated by reference, relating to the Investors, the Registrable Securities or the transactions contemplated hereby unless (A) the
Investors and their counsel shall have been advised and afforded the opportunity to review and comment thereon at least three (3) business days prior to filing with the SEC and (B) the Company shall have given reasonable due consideration
to any comments thereon received from the Investors or their counsel. 

(d) Copies Available. The Company will furnish to any
Investor whose Registrable Securities are included in any Registration Statement and its counsel copies of such Registration Statement, any prospectus thereunder (including all documents incorporated by reference therein), any prospectus supplement
thereunder, any New Registration Statement and all amendments to such Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement that are filed with the SEC during the Registration Period (including all documents filed with or furnished to the SEC
during such period that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein), each letter written by or on behalf of the Company to the SEC or the staff of the SEC, and each item of correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, in each case
relating to such Registration Statement (other than any portion thereof which contains information for which the Company has sought confidential treatment) and such other documents as Investor may reasonably request in order to facilitate the
disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by Investor that are covered by such Registration Statement, in each case as soon as reasonably practicable upon such Investors request and in such quantities as such Investor may from time to
time reasonably request; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to furnish any document to the Investor to the extent such document is available on EDGAR. 

(e) Notification of Stop Orders; Material Changes. The Company use reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or
other suspension of effectiveness and, if such order is issued, obtain the withdrawal of any such order as soon as practicable. The Company shall advise the Investors promptly (but in no event later than 48 hours) and shall confirm such advice in
writing, in each case: (i) of the Companys receipt of notice of any request by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendment of or a supplement to any Registration Statement or any prospectus or for any
additional information; (ii) of the Companys receipt of notice of the issuance by the SEC or any other federal or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Initial Registration Statement or
prohibiting or suspending the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, or any New Registration Statement, or of the Companys receipt of any notification of the suspension of qualification of the Registrable Securities for offering or
sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or contemplated initiation of any proceeding for such purpose; and (iii) of the Company becoming aware of the happening of any event, which makes any statement of a material fact made in any
Registration Statement or any prospectus untrue or which requires the making of any additions to or changes to the statements then made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus in order to state a material fact required by the Securities Act
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements then made therein (in the case of any prospectus, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or of the necessity to amend any Registration Statement or
any prospectus to comply with the Securities Act or any other law. The Company shall not be required to disclose to the Investors (and shall not so disclose to any Investor without such Investors prior written consent) the substance of
specific reasons of any of the events set forth in clause (i) to (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence (each, a Suspension Event), but rather, shall only be required to disclose that the event has occurred. If at any
time the SEC, or any other federal or state governmental authority shall issue any stop order suspending the 

6 

effectiveness of any Registration Statement or prohibiting or suspending the use of any prospectus or prospectus supplement, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain the withdrawal
of such order at the earliest practicable time. The Company shall furnish to the Investors, without charge, a copy of any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC, or any other federal or state governmental authority to the Company or its
representatives relating to the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any prospectus, or prospectus supplement as the case may be. In the event of a Suspension Event set forth in clause (iii) of the first sentence of
this Section 3(e), the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to publicly disclose such event as soon as reasonably practicable, or otherwise resolve the matter such that sales under Registration Statements
may resume, unless such Suspension Event is an Allowed Delay. 

(f) Confirmation of Effectiveness. If reasonably requested by an
Investor at any time in respect of any Registration Statement, the Company shall deliver to such Investor a written confirmation from Companys counsel of whether or not the effectiveness of such Registration Statement has lapsed at any time
for any reason (including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order) and whether or not such Registration Statement is currently effective and available to the Company for sale of Registrable Securities. 

(g) Listing. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cause all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement to
be listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 

(h) Compliance. The Company shall otherwise use reasonable best efforts to comply
with all applicable rules and regulations of the SEC under the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final
prospectus, including any supplement or amendment thereof, with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Investor in writing if, at any time during the Registration Period, the Company does not satisfy the
conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as a result thereof, the Investor is required to deliver a prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the
registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder. 

(i) Blue-Sky. The Company shall use
reasonable best efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the Investor and their counsel in connection with the registration or qualification of such Registrable Securities for the offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such
jurisdictions reasonably requested by the Investor; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (i) qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be
required to qualify but for this Section 3(i), (ii) subject itself to general taxation in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be so subject but for this Section 3(i), or (iii) file a general consent to service of process in
any such jurisdiction. 

(j) Rule 144. With a view to making available to the Investors the benefits of Rule 144 (or its
successor rule) and any other rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investors to sell shares of Common Stock to the public without registration, the Company covenants and agrees to: (i) make and keep adequate current
public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144, until the earlier of (A) six (6) months after such date as all of the Registrable Securities may be sold without restriction by the holders thereof
pursuant to Rule 144 or any other rule of similar effect or (B) such date as there are no longer Registrable Securities; (ii) file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under the
Exchange Act; and (iii) furnish electronically to each Investor upon request, as long as such Investor owns any Registrable Securities, (A) a written statement by the Company that it has complied with the reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act, (B) a copy of or electronic access to the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and (C) such
other information as may be reasonably requested in order to avail such Investor of any rule or regulation of the SEC that permits the selling of any such Registrable Securities without registration. 

7 

(k) Cooperation. The Company shall cooperate with the holders of the Registrable
Securities to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates or uncertificated shares representing the Registrable Securities to be sold pursuant to such Registration Statement or Rule 144 free of any restrictive legends and
representing such number of shares of Common Stock and registered in such names as the holders of the Registrable Securities may reasonably request to the extent permitted by such Registration Statement or Rule 144 to effect sales of Registrable
Securities; for the avoidance of doubt, the Company may satisfy its obligations hereunder without issuing physical stock certificates through the use of The Depository Trust Companys Direct Registration System. 

4. OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTORS. 

(a) Investor Information. The Investors shall provide a completed Investor Questionnaire in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A
or such other information as reasonably requested by the Company and required in connection with the registration of the Registrable Securities (the Investor Questionnaire) not more than five (5) Trading Days following the
date of this Agreement. The Investors will as promptly as practicable notify the Company of any material change in the information provided hereunder, other than changes in its ownership of Common Stock. At least five (5) Trading Days prior to
the first anticipated filing date of a Registration Statement for any registration under this Agreement, the Company will notify each Investor of the information the Company requires from that Investor for inclusion in such Registration Statement
other than the information contained in the Investor Questionnaire, if any, which shall be completed and delivered to the Company promptly upon request and, in any event, within three (3) Trading Days prior to the applicable anticipated filing
date. Each Investor further agrees that it shall not be entitled to be named as a selling securityholder in such Registration Statement or use the prospectus for offers and resales of Registrable Securities at any time, unless such Investor has
provided such information to the Company and responded to any reasonable requests for further information as described in the previous sentence. Each Investor acknowledges and agrees that the information in the Investor Questionnaire or request for
further information as described in this Section 4(a) will be used by the Company in the preparation of the Initial Registration Statement and hereby consents to the inclusion of such information in the Initial
Registration Statement and any other Registration Statement (subject to such Investors right to timely review such Registration Statement as set forth herein). 

(b) Suspension of Sales. Each Investor, severally and not jointly with any other Investor, agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from
the Company of the existence of Suspension Event as set forth in Section 3(e), the Investors will immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement covering such
Registrable Securities until the Investors receipt of a notice from the Company confirming the resolution of such Suspension Event and that such dispositions may again be made. 

(c) Investor Cooperation. Each Investor, severally and not jointly with any other Investor, agrees to cooperate with the Company as
reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of the amendments and supplements to any Registration Statement or New Registration Statement hereunder, unless Investor has notified the Company in writing of its
election to exclude all of its Registrable Securities from such Registration Statement. 

5. EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION. 

All Registration Expenses incurred in connection with registrations pursuant to this Agreement shall be borne by the Company. All Selling
Expenses relating to securities registered on behalf of the Investors shall be borne by the Investor incurring the relevant Selling Expense. 

8 

6. INDEMNIFICATION. 

(a) To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend each Investor and each
Person, if any, who controls each Investor, and the members, directors, officers, partners, employees, members, managers, agents, representatives and advisors of such Investor and such Persons, if any, who control such Investor, within the meaning
of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (each, an Indemnified Person), against any losses, obligation, claims, damages, liabilities, contingencies, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs (including, without limitation,
court costs and costs of preparation, reasonable and documented attorneys fees, amounts paid in settlement (with the prior consent of the Company, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) and reasonable and documented expenses
(collectively, Losses)) reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental,
administrative or other regulatory agency or body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened (each, a Claim), whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto (Indemnified Damages), to which any
of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
omission of any material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, or (ii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act,
Exchange Act or any other state securities or other blue sky laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company or its agents and relating to
action or inaction required of the Company in connection with such registration of the Registrable Securities (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) being, collectively, Violations). The Company shall
reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such Losses are incurred and are due and payable, as incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (A) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information
furnished in writing to the Company by the relevant Investor or such relevant Indemnified Person specifically for use in such Registration Statement or prospectus and was reviewed and approved in writing by such Investor or such Indemnified Person
expressly for use in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such in each case if the foregoing was timely made available by the Company; (B) with
respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such Person from whom the Person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any other Indemnified
Person) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in writing not to use the
outdated, defective or incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to a violation; (C) shall not be available to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the relevant Investor to deliver, or cause to be delivered, if required, the
prospectus to the Persons asserting an untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission at or prior to the written confirmation of the sale of Registrable Securities; and (D) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of
any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on
behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 8. 

9 

(b) In connection with the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or
any prospectus, each Investor, severally and not jointly, agrees to indemnify, hold harmless and defend, the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who signedthe Initial Registration Statement or signs any New Registration
Statement, and each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act (collectively and together with an Indemnified Person, an Indemnified Party), against any losses, claims,
damages, liabilities and expense (including reasonable attorney fees) resulting from any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission of any material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any preliminary
prospectus or final prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, but only to the extent that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission of any material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any
preliminary prospectus or final prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereof, was made in reliance upon and in conformity with information about the relevant Investor furnished in writing by such Investor to the Company for use in such
Registration Statement and reviewed and approved in writing by such Investor expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the Initial Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement, any prospectus or any such amendment thereof or
supplement thereto. In no event shall the liability of any Investor be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Investor in connection with any claim relating to this Section 6 and the amount of
any damages Investor has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received by such Investor upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification
obligation. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such Indemnified Party and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by any Investor pursuant to
Section 8. 

(c) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this
Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is
to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the
extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the
Indemnified Party, as the case may be, and upon such notice, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Person or the
Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party (together with all other Indemnified Persons and Indemnified Parties that may be represented without conflict
by one counsel) shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the reasonable fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such
counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such
counsel in such proceeding. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the
indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised as to the
status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its written consent, provided, however, that the
indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement
or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or
litigation. Following 

10 

indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms or
corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying
party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action. 

(d) The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during
the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred. Any Person receiving a payment pursuant to this Section 6 which person is later determined to not be
entitled to such payment shall return such payment (including reimbursement of expenses) to the person making it. 

(e) The indemnity
agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be
subject to pursuant to the law. 

7. CONTRIBUTION. 

To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities
guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and
(ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 6 and the amount of any
damages such holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission) received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution
obligation. 

8. ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS. 

The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder (whether by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior
written consent of the Investors holding at least 60% of the Registrable Securities then outstanding; provided, however, that in any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring, consolidation, financing or otherwise,
whereby the Company is a party and in which the Registrable Securities are converted into the equity securities of another Person, from and after the effective time of such transaction, such Person shall, by virtue of such transaction, be deemed to
have assumed the obligations of the Company hereunder, the term Company shall be deemed to refer to such Person and the term Registrable Securities shall be deemed to include the securities received by the Investor in
connection with such transaction unless such securities are otherwise freely tradable by the Investor after giving effect to such transaction, and the prior written consent of the Investors holding at least 60% of the Registrable Securities then
outstanding shall not be required for such transaction. An Investor may transfer or assign its rights hereunder, in whole or from time to time in part, to one or more Persons in connection with the transfer of not fewer than 1,000,000 shares
(subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization) of Registrable Securities by such Investor to such Person, provided that such Investor complies with all laws
applicable thereto, and the provisions of the Purchase Agreement, and provides written notice of assignment to the Company promptly after such assignment is effected, and such Person agrees in writing to be bound by all of the provisions contained
herein. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Investor and its successors and permitted assigns. 

11 

9. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS. 

The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may be amended, modified or supplemented, or waived only by a
written instrument executed by (i) the Company and (ii) the holders of at least 60% of the then outstanding Registrable Securities, provided that any party may give a waiver as to itself and provided further that (A) any
amendment, modification, supplement or waiver that disproportionately and adversely affects the rights and obligations of any Investor relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Investors shall require the prior written consent
of such adversely affected Investor or each Investor, as applicable, and (B) any amendment, modification, supplement or waiver to Section 2(d), Section 6 or the definitions of Filing Deadline or Effectiveness Deadline shall require
the prior written consent of each Investor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of one or more Investors and that does not adversely
directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Investors may be given by Investors holding all of the Registrable Securities to which such waiver or consent relates. 

In addition, any party to this agreement that has any rights or privileges outstanding under that certain Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement by and among the Company and the parties thereto dated as of January 27, 2020 (the Prior RRA) hereby agrees and acknowledges that this Agreement supersedes the Prior RRA in all respects and hereby
unconditionally and irrevocably waives any rights or privileges to which it may remain entitled under the Prior RRA. 

10.
MISCELLANEOUS. 

(a) Notices. Any notices or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to be given (a) when delivered if personally delivered to the party for whom it is intended, (b) when delivered, if sent by electronic mail during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not sent during normal
business hours, then on the recipients next business day, (c) three (3) days after having been sent by certified or registered mail, return-receipt requested and postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) business day after deposit with a
nationally recognized overnight courier, freight prepaid, specifying next business day delivery, with written verification of receipt: 

i. If to the Company, addressed as follows: 

Outset Medical, Inc. 

3052
Orchard Drive 

San Jose, CA 95134 

Attention: Leslie Trigg, Chief Executive Officer 

Email: ltrigg@outsetmedical.com 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice): 

Sidley Austin LLP. 

555
California Street, Suite 2000 

San Francisco, CA 94104 

Attention: Frank F. Rahmani; Robert A. Ryan 

Email: frahmani@sidley.com; rryan@sidley.com 

12 

ii. If to any Investor, at its
e-mail address or address set forth on Exhibit A to the Purchase Agreement or to such e-mail address, or address as subsequently modified by written notice given
in accordance with this Section 10. 

Any Person may change the address to which notices and communications to it are to be
addressed by notification as provided for herein. 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) No Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of either party hereto in the exercise of any power, right or privilege under this
Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. 

(d) Governing Law. The provisions of Section 8.4 of the Purchase Agreement are incorporated by reference herein mutatis
mutandis. 

(e) Integration. This Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Agreements constitute the
entire understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein. This
Agreement, the Purchase Agreementand the other Transaction Agreements supersede all other prior oral or written agreements between the Investors, the Company, their affiliates and persons acting on their behalf with respect to the
subject matter hereof and thereof. 

(f) No Third Party Benefits. Subject to the requirements of
Section 8, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the permitted successors and assigns of each of the parties hereto. It is agreed that the Indemnified Persons are intended third party
beneficiaries of Sections 6 and 7 of this Agreement. 

(g) Headings. The titles, subtitles and headings in this Agreement are for
convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

(h) Counterparts. This
Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that
a facsimile or pdf signature including any electronic signatures complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, e.g., www.docusign.com shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force
and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature. 

(i) Further
Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as the other party may reasonably
request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(j) Contract Interpretation. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

13 

(k) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other
than the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. 

(l) Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof but shall be interpreted as if it were written so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the parties hereby waive any provision
of law which renders any provisions hereof prohibited or unenforceable in any respect. 

(m)
Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or implied in this Agreement, the Company covenants, agrees and acknowledges that no recourse under this Agreement or any documents or
instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement shall be had against any current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder, general or limited partner or member of the Investors or of any affiliates or assignees thereof, whether by
the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, or by virtue of any statute, regulation or other applicable law, it being expressly agreed and acknowledged that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to, be imposed
on or otherwise be incurred by any current or future director, officer, employee, stockholder, general or limited partner or member of the Investors or of any affiliates or assignees thereof, as such for any obligation of the Investors under this
Agreement or any documents or instruments delivered in connection with this Agreement for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of such obligations or their creation. 

(n) Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be
duly executed as of date first written above. 

COMPANY:

OUTSET MEDICAL, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be
duly executed as of date first written above. 

INVESTOR:

[NAME]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement] 

Exhibit A 

Investor Questionnaire 

The undersigned
hereby provides the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate: 

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Name.

(a) Full Legal Name of Investor

(b) Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities are held:

(c) Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

2. Address for Notices to Investor: 

Telephone:

E-Mail:
_________________________________________________________________________________________________

Contact Person:

1 

3. Broker-Dealer Status: 

(a) 

Are you a broker-dealer? 

Yes No 

(b) 

If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation for
investment banking services to the Company? 

Yes No 

Note: 

If no to Section 3(b), the SEC staff has indicated that you should be identified as an
underwriter in the Registration Statement. 

(c) 

Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer? 

Yes No 

(d) 

If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities in the
ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes No 

Note: 

If no to Section 3(d), the SEC staff has indicated that you should be identified as an
underwriter in the Registration Statement. 

4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Investor. 

Except as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other
than the securities issuable pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

(a) Type and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Investor:

2 

5. Relationships with the Company: 

Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5%
of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years. 

State any exceptions here: 

The undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the
information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the date hereof at any time while any Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall not be required to notify the Company of any changes to the number of
securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates. 

By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the
information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information in any Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such
information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of any Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in
person or by its duly authorized agent. 

Date: Beneficial Owner: 

By: 

Name:

Title:

PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND EXECUTED QUESTIONNAIRE TO: Jake Funk at Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to the
Company 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d900977dex104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4 

CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS EXHIBIT HAS BEEN OMITTED BY MEANS OF REDACTING A PORTION OF THE TEXT AND REPLACING IT WITH [***] BECAUSE IT IS BOTH: (I)
NOT MATERIAL AND (II) THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 

Execution Version 

CREDIT AGREEMENT AND GUARANTY

dated as of 

January 3, 2025 

by and among 

OUTSET
MEDICAL, INC. 

as the Borrower, 

THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, 

THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, 

and 

PERCEPTIVE CREDIT
HOLDINGS IV, LP, 

as the Initial Lender and Administrative Agent 

U.S. $125,000,000 

1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

SECTION 1 DEFINITIONS 1 

1.01 Certain Defined Terms 1 

1.02 Accounting Terms and Principles 31 

1.03 Interpretation 31 

1.04 Divisions 32 

1.05 Reference Rate Replacement 32 

1.06 Equivalent Amounts 33 

SECTION 2 THE COMMITMENT AND THE LOANS 33 

2.01 Loans 33 

2.02 Borrowing Procedures 33 

2.03 Notes 33 

2.04 Use of Proceeds 34 

2.05 Defaulting Lenders 34 

2.06 Substitution of Lenders 35 

SECTION 3 PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST 36 

3.01 Repayments and Prepayments Generally; Application 36 

3.02 Interest 36 

3.03 Prepayments 37 

SECTION 4 PAYMENTS, ETC. 39 

4.01 Payments 39 

4.02 Computations 39 

4.03 Set-Off 39 

SECTION 5 YIELD PROTECTION, ETC. 40 

5.01 Additional Costs 40 

5.02 Illegality 41 

5.03 Taxes 42 

5.04 Delay in Requests 45 

SECTION 6 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 45 

6.01 Conditions to the Borrowing of the Initial Loan 45 

6.02 Conditions to the Borrowing of the Delayed Draw Loan 48 

SECTION 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 50 

7.01 Power and Authority 50 

7.02 Authorization; Enforceability 50 

7.03 Governmental and Other Approvals; No Conflicts 51 

7.04 Financial Statements; Material Adverse Change 51 

7.05 Properties 51 

7.06 No Actions or Proceedings 54 

7.07 Compliance with Laws and Agreements 55 

7.08 Taxes 56 

7.09 Full Disclosure 56 

7.10 Regulation 56 

7.11 Solvency 57 

7.12 Equity Holders; Subsidiaries and Investments 57 

i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page 

7.13 Indebtedness and Liens 57 

7.14 Material Agreements 57 

7.15 Restrictive Agreements 57 

7.16 Real Property 57 

7.17 Pension Matters 58 

7.18 Collateral; Security Interest 58 

7.19 Regulatory Approvals 58 

7.20 Transactions with Affiliates 60 

7.21 OFAC 60 

7.22 Anti-Corruption 61 

7.23 Deposit and Disbursement Accounts 61 

7.24 Royalty and Other Payments 61 

SECTION 8 AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 61 

8.01 Financial Statements and Other Information 61 

8.02 Notices of Material Events 63 

8.03 Existence; Conduct of Business 65 

8.04 Payment of Obligations 65 

8.05 Insurance 65 

8.06 Books and Records; Inspection Rights 66 

8.07 Compliance with Laws and Other Obligations 66 

8.08 Maintenance of Properties, Etc. 66 

8.09 Licenses 66 

8.10 Action under Environmental Laws 67 

8.11 Use of Proceeds 67 

8.12 Certain Obligations Respecting Subsidiaries; Further Assurances 67 

8.13 Termination of Non-Permitted Liens 68 

8.14 Intellectual Property 69 

8.15 Litigation Cooperation 69 

8.16 Maintenance of Regulatory Approvals, Contracts, Intellectual Property, Etc. 69 

8.17 ERISA Compliance 70 

8.18 Cash Management 70 

8.19 Intercompany Subordination Agreement 70 

8.20 Post-Closing Matters 71 

SECTION 9 NEGATIVE COVENANTS 71 

9.01 Indebtedness 71 

9.02 Liens 73 

9.03 Fundamental Changes and Acquisitions 76 

9.04 Lines of Business 76 

9.05 Investments 76 

9.06 Restricted Payments 78 

9.07 Payments of Indebtedness 79 

9.08 Change in Fiscal Year 79 

ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page 

9.09 Sales of Assets, Etc. 79 

9.10 Transactions with Affiliates 80 

9.11 Restrictive Agreements 80 

9.12 Modifications and Terminations of Material Agreements and Organic Documents 80 

9.13 Inbound and Outbound Licenses 81 

9.14 Sales and Leasebacks 82 

9.15 Hazardous Material 82 

9.16 Accounting Changes 82 

9.17 Compliance with ERISA 82 

SECTION 10 FINANCIAL COVENANTS 82 

10.01 Minimum Liquidity 82 

10.02 Minimum Revenue 82 

10.03 Right to Cure 83 

SECTION 11 EVENTS OF DEFAULT 84 

11.01 Events of Default 84 

11.02 Remedies 88 

11.03 Application of Payments 88 

SECTION 12 THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 89 

12.01 Appointment and Duties 89 

12.02 Binding Effect 90 

12.03 Use of Discretion 90 

12.04 Delegation of Rights and Duties 90 

12.05 Reliance and Liability 91 

12.06 The Administrative Agent Individually 92 

12.07 Lender Credit Decision 92 

12.08 Expenses; Indemnities 92 

12.09 Resignation of the Administrative Agent 93 

12.10 Release of Collateral or Guarantors 93 

12.11 Additional Secured Parties 94 

SECTION 13 GUARANTEE 95 

13.01 The Guarantee 95 

13.02 Obligations Unconditional 95 

13.03 Reinstatement 96 

13.04 Subrogation 96 

13.05 Remedies 96 

13.06 Instrument for the Payment of Money 96 

13.07 Continuing Guarantee 96 

13.08 Rights of Contribution 97 

13.09 General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations 97 

SECTION 14 MISCELLANEOUS 98 

14.01 No Waiver 98 

14.02 Notices 98 

iii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page 

14.03 Expenses, Indemnification, Etc. 98 

14.04 Amendments, Etc. 100 

14.05 Successors and Assigns 100 

14.06 Survival 103 

14.07 Captions 103 

14.08 Counterparts; Electronic Signatures 103 

14.09 Governing Law 104 

14.10 Jurisdiction, Service of Process and Venue 104 

14.11 Waiver of Jury Trial 104 

14.12 Waiver of Immunity 104 

14.13 Entire Agreement 105 

14.14 Severability 105 

14.15 No Fiduciary Relationship 105 

14.16 Confidentiality 105 

14.17 Right of Setoff 106 

14.18 Judgment Currency 106 

14.19 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 107 

14.20 USA PATRIOT Act 107 

14.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions 107 

14.22 Interest Rate Limitation 108 

14.23 Prepayment Premium 108 

iv 

SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS 

Schedule 1 - Commitments

Exhibit A - Form of Guarantee Assumption Agreement

Exhibit B - Form of Borrowing Notice

Exhibit C - Form of Note

Exhibit D-1 - Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit D-2 - Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit D-3 - Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit D-4 - Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal

Income Tax Purposes)

Exhibit E - Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit F - Form of Assignment and Assumption

Exhibit G - Form of Information and Collateral Certificate

Exhibit H - Form of Closing Date Certificate

Exhibit I - Form of Solvency Certificate

Exhibit J - Form of Intercompany Subordination Agreement

Exhibit K - Form of Warrant Certificate

v 

CREDIT AGREEMENT AND GUARANTY 

Credit Agreement and Guaranty, dated as of January 3, 2025 (this Agreement), among Outset Medical, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the Borrower), the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to time parties hereto, Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Initial Lender), and each
other lender that may from time to time become a party hereto (each, including the Initial Lender, together with their permitted successors and assigns, a Lender and collectively, the Lenders) and
Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, as the administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns, the Administrative Agent).

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, the
Borrower has requested that the Initial Lender provide a senior, secured, delayed-draw term loan facility to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount of $125,000,000 (with $100,000,000 to be available on the Closing Date and up to an additional
$25,000,000 to be available on or prior to July 14, 2027, in each case subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, including the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 6); and 

WHEREAS, the Initial Lender is willing, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, to make the Loans to the Borrower. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

SECTION 1 

DEFINITIONS 

1.01Certain
Defined Terms. As used herein, the following terms have the following respective meanings: 

Account Control
Agreement means a control agreement or other similar agreement with respect to one or more Controlled Accounts, entered into by the applicable depositary bank, one or more Obligors and the Administrative Agent, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, in order to give the Administrative Agent control (within the meaning set forth in Section 9-104 of the UCC) of such account(s). 

Act has the meaning set forth in Section 14.20. 

Acquisition means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, by which any Person directly or
indirectly, by means of a take-over bid, tender offer, amalgamation, merger, purchase of Equity Interests or other assets, or similar transaction having the same effect as any of the foregoing, (i) acquires any division, line of business or all
or substantially all of the assets of any Person, (ii) acquires control of Equity Interests of a Person representing more than 50% of the ordinary voting power (determined on a fully-diluted basis) for the election of directors of such
Persons Board, if the business affairs of such Person are managed by a Board, or (iii) acquires control of more than 50% of the Equity Interests in any Person (determined on a fully-diluted basis) engaged in any business that is not
managed by a Board. 

1 

Administrative Agent has the meaning set forth in the introduction
hereto. 

Adverse Regulatory Eventmeans the occurrence of
any of the following events or circumstances: 

(a) (i) the failure of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to hold,
directly or through licensees or agents, in full force and effect, all Regulatory Approvals necessary or required for the Borrower or any Subsidiary to conduct its Product Development and Commercialization Activities; or (ii) the failure of any
such Regulatory Approval to be valid or otherwise effective and in full force and effect; 

(b) (i) the failure of the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to make or file with the FDA or any other applicable Regulatory Authority, any required notice, report, registration, listing, application or similar document, instrument, notice or report, including any such
requirement pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 350a or 21 C.F.R. Parts 106 or 107, and any field alert or other report of any adverse experience (each a Regulatory Filing) with respect to any Product or Product Development and
Commercialization Activity or (ii) if filed, the failure of any such Regulatory Filing (at the time of such filing) to be complete, correct and in compliance with the applicable Law requiring such Regulatory Filing to be made; 

(c) in connection with any clinical, pre-clinical, safety or other studies or tests
being conducted by (or on behalf of) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for purposes of obtaining any Regulatory Approval for any Product or any Product Development and Commercialization Activities, (i) the failure of any clinical, pre-clinical, safety or other required trial, study or test to be conducted in compliance with any applicable Law, Regulatory Approval or Product Standard; (ii) the failure of any related manufacturing, test or
clinical trial site to be monitored by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in compliance with any applicable Law, Regulatory Approval or Product Standard; or (iii) the receipt by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of written notice
from the FDA or any other Regulatory Authority or IRB having regulatory oversight of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, which notice requires the termination or suspension of any such clinical, preclinical, safety or other study or test; 

(d) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent, supplier, licensor or licensee of
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, receives from the FDA or any other Regulatory Authority any inspection report, warning letter or notice or similar document with respect to any Product or any Product Development and Commercialization
Activities that asserts (i) that such Person lacks a required Regulatory Approval or Regulatory Filing with respect to such Product or Product Development and Commercialization Activity; or (ii) a lack of compliance with any applicable
Laws, Product Standards or Regulatory Approvals (or any similar order, injunction or decree) or (iii) that the FDA or such other Regulatory Authority has commenced any regulatory action, investigation or inquiry (other than routine or periodic
inspections or reviews) with respect to any Product or any Product Development and Commercialization Activities; 

2 

(e) with respect to any Product or Product Development and Commercialization
Activities, (i) any product recall, safety alert, correction, withdrawal, marketing suspension or removal, or any closure or suspension of any related manufacturing facility or operation, in each case whether voluntary or involuntary, is
mandated, conducted, undertaken or issued, as the case may be, at the request, demand or order of the FDA or any other any Regulatory Authority, or through the voluntary action of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) the FDA or any
other Regulatory Authority commences any criminal, injunctive, seizure, detention or civil penalty action or (iii) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries enters into any consent decree, plea agreement or other settlement with the FDA or any
other Regulatory Authority with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Affected Lender has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.06(a). 

Affected Financial Institution means (i) any EEA Financial
Institution or (ii) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person,
another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified; provided that, with respect to any Lender, Affiliate shall include
any Related Fund of such Lender. 

Agreement has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto. 

Applicable Margin means 8.00% per annum, as potentially increased pursuant to
Section 3.02(b). 

Asset Sale has the meaning set forth in
Section 9.09. 

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered
into by a Lender and an assignee of such Lender substantially in the form of Exhibit F. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by
the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means, (i) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the
implementing Law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (ii) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking
Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their Affiliates (other than
through liquidation, administration or other Insolvency Proceedings). 

Bailee Letter means a bailee letter
substantially in the form of Exhibit F to the Security Agreement. 

3 

Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled
Bankruptcy. 

Benefit Plan means any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA
(whether governed by the Laws of the United States or otherwise) to which any Obligor or Subsidiary thereof incurs or otherwise has any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. 

Board means, with respect to any Person, the board of directors (or equivalent management or oversight body) of such
Person or any committee thereof authorized to act on behalf of such board (or equivalent body). 

Borrower has
the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto. 

Borrowing means, as the context may require, either the
borrowing of the Initial Loan on the Closing Date or the borrowing of the Delayed Draw Loan on the Delayed Draw Date. 

Borrowing Date means, with respect to the Initial Loan, the Closing Date, and with respect to the Delayed Draw Loan,
the Delayed Draw Date. 

Borrowing Notice means a written notice substantially in the form of Exhibit B.

Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are not authorized or
required to close in New York City. 

Calculation Date has the meaning set forth in
Section 10.02. 

Capital Lease Obligation means, as to any Person, any obligation of
such Person to pay rent or other amounts under a lease of (or other agreement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such
Person under GAAP and, for purposes of this Agreement, the amount of any such obligation shall be the capitalized amount thereof, determined in accordance with GAAP; provided that all leases of any Person that are or would be characterized as
operating leases in accordance with GAAP on the date of this Agreement (without giving effect to the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02,Leases (Topic 842)), whether or not such operating leases were in
effect on such date, shall continue to be treated as operating leases (and not capital leases) for purposes of determining the amount of any Indebtedness under this Agreement, regardless of any change in GAAP or the application of GAAP by the
Borrower after the date of this Agreement that would otherwise require such leases to be recharacterized as capital leases or finance leases. 

Casualty Event means the damage, destruction or condemnation, as the case may be, of property of any Person or any
of its Subsidiaries. 

Change of Control means (i) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly,
beneficially or of record, by any Person or group of Persons (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such Person or its Subsidiaries and any Person acting in its capacity as
trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) acting jointly or otherwise in concert of Equity Interests representing more than 35% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity
Interests of the Borrower, (ii) the sale, conveyance or disposal of all or 

4 

substantially all of the property or business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (iii) so long as any Subsidiary is a Subsidiary Guarantor or is required to be a
Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder, the Borrower shall cease to own, directly or indirectly, beneficially and of record, 100% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of such Subsidiary (except for any such Equity Interests in the nature of
directors qualifying Equity Interest required pursuant to any Law); provided that, to the extent otherwise expressly permitted pursuant to Section 9.03, this clause (iii) shall not prevent or
prohibit any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, dissolution or liquidation (x) of Subsidiaries of the Borrower into the Borrower so long as the Borrower is the surviving corporation or (y) of Subsidiaries of the Borrower into Subsidiary
Guarantors of the Borrower so long as such Subsidiary Guarantor is the surviving entity and the requirements of this clause (iii) are satisfied with respect to such surviving Subsidiary Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, the
Specified Equity Offering shall not constitute a Change of Control. 

Claims includes claims, demands,
complaints, grievances, actions, applications, suits, causes of action, orders, charges, indictments, prosecutions, information (brought by a public prosecutor without grand jury indictment) or other similar processes, assessments or reassessments.

Closing Date means the date on which the conditions precedent specified in
Section 6.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 14.04) and on which the Loans are to be made to the Borrower. 

Closing Date Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01(b). 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 

Collateral means any property in which a Lien is purported to be granted under any of the Security Documents (or all
such property, as the context may require). 

Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the obligation of
such Lender to make Loans to the Borrower in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, which commitment is in the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 1 under the caption Commitment, as
such Schedule may be amended from time to time pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or otherwise. The aggregate Commitments on the date of this Agreement equal $125,000,000. 

Commodity Account is defined in the Security Agreement. 

Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(d). 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of
One-Month Term SOFR, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business
Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of
borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 3.02(e) and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that
the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate 

5 

to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice
(or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such
other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however
denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Contracts means contracts, licenses, leases,
agreements, obligations, promises, undertakings, documents, commitments, entitlements or engagements pursuant to which a Person has, or will have, any actual or contingent obligations or liabilities (in each case, whether express or implied).
Contractual has a meaning correlative thereto. 

Control means, in respect of a
particular Person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by Contract or otherwise.
Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

Controlled
Account has the meaning set forth in Section 8.18(a). 

Copyright is
defined in the Security Agreement. 

Cure Notice has the meaning set forth in
Section 10.03(a). 

Cure Election Date has the meaning set forth in
Section 10.03(a). 

Cure Expiration Date has the meaning set forth in
Section 10.03(b). 

Cure Right has the meaning set forth in
Section 10.03. 

Default means any Event of Default and any event that, upon the giving
of notice, the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 

Default Rate has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.02(b). 

Defaulting Lender means, subject to
Section 2.05, any Lender that (i) has failed to perform any of its funding obligations in respect of its Commitment to make Loans hereunder, within three Business Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder,
(ii) has notified the Borrower or any Lender that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to its funding obligations hereunder or under other agreements in which it
commits to extend credit, (iii) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (x) become the subject of an Insolvency Proceeding, (y) had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of
creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or a custodian appointed for it, or (z) taken any action in furtherance of, or indicated its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding
or appointment, or (iv) has become the subject of a Bail-in Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interests
in that Lender (or any direct or indirect parent company) thereof by a Governmental Authority. 

6 

Delayed Draw Certificate has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.02(b). 

Delayed Draw Date means the date of the making of the Delayed Draw
Loan hereunder, which shall be no sooner than the date on which each of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 6.02 shall have been satisfied. 

Delayed Draw Loan means the term loan made by the Lenders on the Delayed Draw Date in an aggregate principal amount
not to exceed $25,000,000. 

Deposit Account is defined in the Security Agreement. 

Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory is the subject
of any Sanction. 

Designated Signatory means a senior finance officer of the Borrower designated by a
Responsible Officer and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (provided that the VP Controller who directly reports to the Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower shall be an acceptable Designated Signatory). As of the Closing Date, the
Designated Signatory shall be John Geraci, VP Corporate Controller. 

Device means any medical instrument,
apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, in vitro reagent or other similar or related item that (i) is intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions or in the cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease,
in man or other animals, or is intended to affect the structure or any function of the body of man or other animals, (ii) does not achieve its primary intended purpose or purposes through chemical action within or on the body of man or other
animals and (iii) is not dependent upon being metabolized for the achievement of its primary intended purpose or purposes; provided that any component or part of, or accessory to, a Device alone shall not constitute a Device or a Product for
purpose of the Loan Documents. 

Device Marketing Application means any premarket approval application submitted
under Section 515 of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 360e), any de novo request submitted under Section 513(f) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 360c(f)), or any pre-market notification
submitted under Section 510(k) of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 360(k)) seeking authorization from the FDA to commercially market a Device, or any corresponding foreign application in any other jurisdiction, including, with respect to the
European Union, any equivalent submission to a Standard Body pursuant to an applicable directive of the European Council with respect to CE marking (or, if applicable, a self-certification of conformity with respect to any such directive through a
declaration of conformity). 

Disclosure Letter means the disclosure letter, dated as of the Closing
Date, delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent. 

7 

Disqualified Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person,
any Equity Interest of such Person that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interest into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (i) matures or is
mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), including pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (ii) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests),
in whole or in part, (iii) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash or other distributions in cash or other securities that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, or (iv) is or becomes convertible into or
exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior to the date that is 91 days after the Maturity Date; provided that if such Equity Interests are issued pursuant to a
plan for the benefit of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because they may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower or its
Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a result of such employees termination, death or disability. 

Dollars and $ means lawful money of the United States. 

Domestic Subsidiary means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a corporation, limited liability
company, partnership or similar business entity incorporated, formed or organized under the Laws of the United States, any State of the United States or the District of Columbia. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member
Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any
financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public
administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Eligible Transferee means (i) any commercial bank, (ii) any insurance company, (iii) any finance
company, (iv) any financial institution, (v) any Related Fund or other investment Fund that invests in loans, (vi) with respect to any Lender, any of its Affiliates, and (vii) any other accredited investor (as defined
in Regulation D of the Securities Act) that is principally engaged in the business of managing investments or holding assets for investment purposes; provided that the term Eligible Transferee shall not include a vulture or
distressed debt fund or any Person (a Competitor) that produces, markets or sells, or develops a program to market or sell, a product in direct competition with the Borrower; provided, further, that, for
purposes hereof, the term Competitor shall not include any bona fide debt fund or investment vehicle that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of

8 

credit in the ordinary course of business which is managed, sponsored or advised by any Person Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control with a Person that would otherwise qualify as a
Competitor or its Controlling owner and for which no personnel involved with the competitive activities of such Competitor or Controlling owner (i) makes any investment decisions for such debt fund or (ii) has access to any confidential
information (other than publicly available information) relating to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

Environmental
Law means any federal, state, provincial or local law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction or decree relating to pollution or protection of the environment or the treatment, storage, disposal, release, threatened
release or handling of hazardous materials, and all local laws and regulations related to environmental matters and any specific agreements entered into with any competent authorities which include commitments related to environmental matters. 

Equity Interest means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other
equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, and whether voting or nonvoting), representing equity ownership or participation of such Person, including, if such Person is a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or
limited) and any other interest or participation that confers on another Person the right to receive a share of the profits and Losses of, or distributions of property of, such Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall any
Indebtedness convertible or exchangeable into Equity Interests constitute Equity Interests hereunder. 

Equivalent
Amount means, with respect to an amount denominated in one currency, the amount in another currency that could be purchased by the amount in the first currency determined by reference to the Exchange Rate at the time of determination.

ERISA means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

ERISA Affiliate means, collectively, any Obligor, Subsidiary thereof, and any Person under common control, or
treated as a single employer, with any Obligor or Subsidiary thereof, within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code. 

ERISA Event means (i) a reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA with respect to a Title IV
Plan, excluding, however, such events as to which the PBGC by regulation has waived the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within 30 days of the occurrence of such event; (ii) the applicability of the requirements
of Section 4043(b) of ERISA with respect to a contributing sponsor, as defined in Section 4001(a)(13) of ERISA, to any Title IV Plan where an event described in paragraph (9), (10), (11), (12) or (13) of Section 4043(c) of ERISA
is reasonably expected to occur with respect to such plan within the following 30 days; (iii) a withdrawal by any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof from a Title IV Plan or the termination of any Title IV Plan resulting in liability under
Sections 4063 or 4064 of ERISA; (iv) the withdrawal of any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof in a complete or partial withdrawal (within the meaning of Section 4203 and 4205 of ERISA) from any Multiemployer Plan if there is any
potential liability therefore, or the receipt by any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in insolvency pursuant to Section 

9 

4245 of ERISA; (v) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of
proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (vi) the imposition of liability on any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof pursuant to Sections 4062(e) or 4069 of ERISA or by reason of the application of
Section 4212(c) of ERISA; (vii) the failure by any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof to make any required contribution to a Plan, or the failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Code with respect to any
Title IV Plan (whether or not waived in accordance with Section 412(c) of the Code) or the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430 of the Code with respect to any Title IV Plan or the failure to make any
required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (viii) the determination that any Title IV Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered to critical status within the meaning of Sections 430,
431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; (ix) an event or condition which would reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to
administer, any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (x) the imposition of any liability under Title I or Title IV of ERISA, other than PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any Obligor or any ERISA
Affiliate thereof with respect to a Title IV Plan; (xi) an application for a funding waiver under Section 303 of ERISA or an extension of any amortization period pursuant to Section 412 of the Code with respect to any Title IV Plan;
(xii) the occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Sections 406 or 407 of ERISA for which any Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof would incur liability that would reasonably be expected to
cause any of the Obligors to have a Material Adverse Effect; (xiii) a material violation of the applicable requirements of Section 404 or 405 of ERISA or the exclusive benefit rule under Section 401(a) of the Code by any fiduciary or
disqualified person for which any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof would incur liability that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (xiv) the occurrence of an act or omission which could give rise to the
imposition on any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof of fines, penalties, taxes or related charges under Chapter 43 of the Code or under Sections 409, 502(c), (i) or (1) or 4071 of ERISA; (xv) the assertion of a material Claim (other
than routine Claims for benefits) against any Plan or the assets thereof, or against any Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof in connection with any such plan; (xvi) receipt from the IRS of notice of the failure of any Qualified Plan to qualify
under Section 401(a) of the Code, or the failure of any trust forming part of any Qualified Plan to fail to qualify for exemption from taxation under Section 501(a) of the Code; (xvii) the imposition of any lien (or the fulfillment of
the conditions for the imposition of any lien) on any of the rights, properties or assets of any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof, in either case pursuant to Title I or IV, including Section 303(k) of ERISA or to Section 401(a)(29)
or 430(k) of the Code; or (xviii) the establishment or amendment by any Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof of any welfare plan, as such term is defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA, that provides post-employment welfare benefits
other than as required by applicable Laws which would materially increase the liability of any Obligor or any Subsidiary thereof. 

ERISA Funding Rules means the rules regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment
thereof) to Title IV Plans, as set forth in Sections 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 

10 

Event of Default has the meaning set forth in
Section 11.01. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Exchange Rate means, with respect to any currency, the rate of exchange at which the Administrative Agent could
purchase such currency on a certain Business Day with another currency at the buying spot rate of exchange in the New York foreign exchange market on such Business Day. 

Excluded Account means (i) Deposit Accounts of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries used exclusively for
payroll, payroll taxes and other employee wage and benefit payments, (ii) Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts of any Excluded Subsidiary, and (iii) escrow accounts, trust accounts or cash collateral accounts subject to Permitted Liens
described in Section 9.02(s). 

Excluded Subsidiary means (a) any Subsidiary that
is a Foreign Subsidiary, (b) any FSHCO, and (c) any Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary. 

Excluded
Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (i) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise
Taxes and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (x) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction
imposing such Tax (or any political subdivisions thereof) or (y) that otherwise are Other Connection Taxes, (ii) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with
respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (1) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under
Section 5.03(h)) or (2) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 5.03, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such
Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (iii) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with
Section 5.03(f), and (iv) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Expense
Deposit means the Expense Deposit as such term is defined in the Summary of Terms. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor
version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any
fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 

FD&C Act means the U.S. Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act of 1938 (or any successor thereto), as amended from time to
time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

FDA means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and
any successor entity. 

11 

Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the greater of
(i) the rate calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds transactions by depositary institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York sets forth on its public
website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate and (ii) zero percent (0%). 

Fee Letter means the Fee Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.

Foreign Lender means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 

Foreign Subsidiary means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 

FSHCO means any Domestic Subsidiary if substantially all of its assets (whether held directly or through other
Subsidiaries) consist of the Equity Interests and/or Indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries. 

Fund
means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, as in effect from time to time,
set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, in the statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and in such other statements
by such other entity as may be in general use by significant segments of the accounting profession that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination. Subject to Section 1.02 and the definition of
Capital Lease Obligations, all references to GAAP shall be to GAAP applied consistently. 

Governmental
Approval means any consent, authorization, approval, order, license, franchise, permit, certificate, accreditation, registration, filing or notice of, issued by, from or to, or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority.

Governmental Authority means any nation, government, branch of power (whether executive, legislative or
judicial), state, province or municipality or other political agency, department or subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, monetary, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government,
including without limitation regulatory authorities, governmental departments, agencies, commissions, bureaus, officials, ministers, courts, bodies, boards, tribunals and dispute settlement panels, and other
Law-, rule- or regulation-making organizations or entities of any State, territory, county, city or other political subdivision of any country, including the United States. 

Grantor is defined in the Security Agreement. 

Guarantee means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such

12 

Person (the guarantor) guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the
primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such
Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other
obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other
obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against Loss in respect thereof
(in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of the guarantor securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by the guarantor (or any right, contingent
or otherwise, of the obligee of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of
which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guarantor in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection in the ordinary course of business or customary indemnities or warranties. 

Guarantee Assumption Agreement means a Guarantee Assumption Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A
by an entity that, pursuant to Section 8.12(a), is required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor. 

Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 13.01. 

Hazardous Material means any substance, element, chemical, compound, product, solid, gas, liquid, waste, by-product, pollutant, contaminant or material which is regulated as or deemed hazardous or toxic or words of like import under any Environmental Law, including, without limitation, asbestos,
polychlorinated biphenyls and petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction thereof). 

Healthcare Laws means,
collectively, all Laws applicable to the business of the Borrower or any other Obligor, regulating the manufacturing, labeling, promotion and provision of and payment for healthcare products, items and services, including Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended, Section 1128B(b) of the Social Security Act, as amended; 42 U.S.C. 1320a-7b (Criminal Penalties Involving Medicare or State Health Care
Programs), commonly referred to as the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute; Section 1877 of the Social Security Act, as amended; 42 U.S.C. 1395nn (Limitation on Certain Physician Referrals), commonly referred to as Stark
Statute; the FD&C Act and its applicable implementing regulations (including with respect to Good Manufacturing Practices, device labeling regulations and all other applicable medical Device regulations pursuant to 21 C.F.R. Part 801 et
seq.); all rules and regulations with respect to the provision of Medicare and Medicaid programs or services (42 C.F.R. Chapter IV et seq.); and all rules and regulations promulgated under or pursuant to any of the foregoing. 

13 

Hedging Agreement means any interest rate exchange agreement,
foreign currency exchange agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest or currency exchange rate or commodity price hedging arrangement. 

IDE means an application, including an application filed with any Regulatory Authority, for authorization to
commence human clinical studies with respect to any Device, including (i) an Investigational Device Exemption as defined in the FD&C Act or any successor application or procedure filed with the FDA, (ii) an abbreviated Investigational
Device Exemption as specified in FDA regulations in 21 C.F.R. 812.2(b), (iii) any equivalent of a United States Investigational Device Exemption in countries, jurisdictions or Governmental Authorities outside of the United States,
(iv) all amendments, variations, extensions and renewals thereof that may be filed with respect to the foregoing and (v) all related documents and correspondence thereto, including documents and correspondence with Institutional Review
Boards. 

Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (i) all obligations of such Person for
borrowed money or obligations of such Person with respect to deposits or advances of any kind by third parties, (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (iii) all obligations of such
Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (iv) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding accounts payable
incurred in the ordinary course of business and not more than 180 days past due), (v) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on
property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (vi) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (vii) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (viii) all
obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (ix) obligations under any Hedging Agreement, currency swaps, forwards, futures or derivatives transactions,
(x) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, (xi) all obligations of such Person under license or other agreements containing a guaranteed minimum payment or purchase by such Person,
other than operating leases entered into in the ordinary course of business and any such license or other agreement for the purchase of goods, software and other intangibles, services or supplies in the ordinary course of business, (xii) any
Disqualified Equity Interests of or issued by such Person and (xiii) all other obligations required to be classified as indebtedness of such Person under GAAP, excluding any of the foregoing to the extent comprised of an obligation in respect
of a trade payable, a commercial letter of credit supporting one or more trade payables or similar obligations to a trade creditor, in each case in the ordinary course of business. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any
other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Persons ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the
terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. For the avoidance of doubt, accrued or accruing and unpaid dividends shall not constitute Indebtedness. 

Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 14.03(b). 

Indemnified Taxes means (i) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by
or on account of any Obligation and (ii) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (i), Other Taxes. 

14 

Information and Collateral Certificate means an Information and
Collateral Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, substantially in the form of Exhibit G. 

Initial
Lender has the meaning set forth in the introduction hereto. 

Initial Loan means the term loan
made by the Initial Lender on the Closing Date in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $100,000,000. 

Insolvency
Proceeding means (i) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution,
winding-up or relief of debtors, or (ii) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, composition, marshaling of assets for creditors, or other, similar arrangement in respect of any Persons
creditors generally or any substantial portion of such Persons creditors, in each case undertaken under U.S. Federal, state or foreign Law, including the Bankruptcy Code. 

Intellectual Property means all Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights, and Technical Information, whether registered or
not, domestic and foreign. Intellectual Property shall include, without limitation, all: 

(a) applications or registrations
relating to such Intellectual Property; 

(b) rights and privileges arising under any Law with respect to such Intellectual
Property; 

(c) rights to sue for past, present or future infringements of such Intellectual Property; and 

(d) rights of the same or similar effect or nature in any jurisdiction corresponding to such Intellectual Property throughout
the world. 

Intercompany Subordination Agreement means any Intercompany Subordination Agreement executed and
delivered by each Obligor and each of their Subsidiaries, pursuant to which all obligations in respect of any Indebtedness owing to any such Person by an Obligor shall be subordinated to the prior payment in full in cash of all Obligations, such
agreement to be in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit J. 

Interest Period means, with
respect to any Borrowing, (i) initially, the period commencing on (and including) the Borrowing Date thereof and ending on (and including) the last day of the calendar month in which such Borrowing was made, and (ii) thereafter, the period
beginning on (and including) the first day of each succeeding calendar month and ending on the earlier of (and including) (x) the last day of such calendar month and (y) the Maturity Date. 

Interest Rate means, for any Interest Period, the sum of (i) the Applicable Margin plus (ii) the
greater of (x) the Reference Rate and (y) four percent (4.00%). 

15 

Invention means any novel, inventive and useful art, apparatus,
method, process, machine (including article or device), manufacture or composition of matter, or any novel, inventive and useful improvement in any art, method, process, machine (including article or device), manufacture or composition of matter.

Investment means, for any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, by means of
(i) the purchase or other acquisition of Equity Interests or other securities of another Person, (ii) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of Indebtedness of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other
Indebtedness or Equity Interest (or similar equity participation) in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees any Indebtedness of such
other Person, or (iii) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit. For purposes of covenant compliance hereunder or under any other Loan
Document, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, net of any realized return, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. 

IRS means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or any successor agency, and to the extent relevant, the U.S. Department
of the Treasury. 

Knowledge means, with respect to any Person, the actual knowledge of any Responsible Officer
of such Person, after due inquiry. 

Landlord Consent means a landlord consent substantially in the form of
Exhibit E to the Security Agreement. 

Law means any U.S., international, foreign, federal, state, provincial,
territorial, municipal and local statute, treaty, rule, guideline, regulation, ordinance, code or administrative or judicial precedent or authority, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with
the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and any applicable determination, order, injunction or judgment of any applicable arbitrator, court, or other Governmental Authority, administrative order, directed duty, request, license,
authorization or permit of, or agreement with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 

Lenders means, collectively, the Initial Lender, any of its assignees that have executed an Assignment and
Assumption pursuant to Section 14.05(b), any assign of any such assignee that has executed an Assignment and Assumption, as well as any successor entities of any of the foregoing Persons. 

Lien means any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge or other security interest, or any lease, title retention agreement,
mortgage, easement, right-of-way, adverse claim with respect to ownership or possession or other encumbrance of any kind or character whatsoever or any preferential
arrangement that has the practical effect of creating a security interest. 

Loans means, collectively, the
Initial Loan, the Delayed Draw Loan, and any PIK Loan, and Loan means any of the foregoing. 

16 

Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, the Notes, the
Security Documents, any Guarantee Assumption Agreement, any Information and Collateral Certificate, any Warrant Certificate, the Fee Letter, any Intercompany Subordination Agreement and any subordination agreement, intercreditor agreement or other
present or future document, instrument, agreement or certificate delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, in each case, as amended, restated, modified or otherwise
supplemented. 

Loss means judgments, debts, liabilities, expenses, costs, damages or losses, contingent or
otherwise, whether liquidated or unliquidated, matured or unmatured, disputed or undisputed, Contractual, legal or equitable, including loss of value, professional fees, including fees and disbursements of legal counsel on a full indemnity basis,
and all costs incurred in investigating or pursuing any Claim or any proceeding relating to any Claim. 

Majority
Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having at such time in excess of 50% of the aggregate Commitments (or, if such Commitments are terminated, the outstanding principal amount of the Loans) then in effect, ignoring, in such
calculation, the Commitments of and outstanding Loans owing to any Defaulting Lender. 

Margin Stock means
margin stock within the meaning of Regulations U and X. 

Market Capitalization means, as of any date
of determination, an amount equal to (a) the average of the daily volume weighted average price of the Borrowers common stock as reported for each of the thirty (30) trading days preceding such date of determination (it being
understood that a trading day shall mean a day on which shares of the Borrowers common stock trade on the main exchange of the NASDAQ (or, if the primary listing of such common stock is on the main exchange of the New York Stock
Exchange, on such other exchange) in an ordinary trading session) multiplied by (b) the total number of issued and outstanding shares of the Borrowers common stock that are issued and outstanding on the date of the determination
and listed on the main exchange of the NASDAQ (or, if the primary listing of such common stock is on the main exchange of the New York Stock Exchange, on such other exchange), subject to appropriate adjustment for any stock dividend, stock split,
stock combination, reclassification or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

Material Adverse
Change and Material Adverse Effect means any event, occurrence, fact, development or circumstance that has had a material adverse change in or material adverse effect upon (i) the business, condition
(financial or otherwise), operations, performance or property of the Borrower or the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of any Obligor to perform its obligations under any Loan Document to which it is a party, or
(iii) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of the Loan Documents or the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents. 

Material Agreements means (i) each Product Agreement the absence or termination of which could reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) each Contract listed in Schedule 7.14 to the Disclosure Letter, (iii) all other Contracts to which any Obligor is a party or a beneficiary from time to time, the absence or
termination of which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (iv) any other Contract directly or indirectly associated with contract manufacturing, distribution of Products and the payment of royalties by

17 

any Obligor to third parties (other than licenses for commercially available software, cloud and data services and enterprise management systems), in the case of clause (iv) only,
that, during any period of twelve (12) consecutive months, is reasonably expected to result in payments or receipts (or expenditures) (including royalty, licensing or similar payments) made by or to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in an
aggregate amount in excess of $5,000,000. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the term Material Agreement include (i) any sales or customer agreements, and employment agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business or
(ii) prior to the Closing Date, the documents governing the Refinanced Debt so long as the Refinanced Debt is repaid in full on the Closing Date. 

Material Indebtedness means, at any time, any Indebtedness of any Obligor, the outstanding principal amount of
which, individually or in the aggregate, exceeds $1,000,000 (or the Equivalent Amount thereof in other currencies). 

Material
Intellectual Property means, (i) all Obligor Intellectual Property described in Schedule 7.05(c) to the Disclosure Letter, and (ii) any other Obligor Intellectual Property, whether currently owned or licensed or
acquired, developed or otherwise licensed or obtained after the date hereof, (x) that is necessary or required for in connection with such Persons Product Development and Commercialization Activities in the ordinary course as currently
conducted or as currently contemplated to be conducted as of the date hereof, (y) the loss of which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or (z) has a fair market value in excess of $5,000,000. 

Material Regulatory Event means an Adverse Regulatory Event that (i) individually has resulted in, or could
reasonably be expected to result in, a fine, penalty or Loss (excluding a loss of revenue) in excess of $5,000,000 per occurrence, (ii) when taken together with each other Adverse Regulatory Event that has occurred since the Closing Date,
has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a fine, penalty or Loss (excluding a loss of revenue) in excess of $10,000,000 in the aggregate or (iii) has, directly or indirectly, resulted in a mandatory or voluntary recall of
any Product that prevents the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from marketing or selling such Product in all end markets for a period in excess of sixty (60) consecutive days. 

Maturity Date means the earliest to occur of (i) fifth (5th) anniversary of the Closing Date and (ii) the
acceleration of the Obligations pursuant to Section 11.02; provided that, when used herein, the term scheduled Maturity Date means the date set forth in clause (i) above. 

Maximum Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 14.22. 

Medicaid means that government-sponsored entitlement program under Title XIX, P.L.
89-97 of the Social Security Act, which provides federal grants to states for medical assistance based on specific eligibility criteria, as set forth on Section 1396, et seq. of Title 42 of the United
States Code. 

Medicare means that government-sponsored insurance program under Title XVIII, P.L. 89-97, of the Social Security Act, which provides for a health insurance system for eligible elderly and disabled individuals, as set forth at Section 1395, et seq. of Title 42 of the United States Code. 

18 

Multiemployer Plan means any multiemployer plan, as defined in
Section 400l(a)(3) of ERISA, to which any ERISA Affiliate incurs or otherwise has any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. 

Net Cash Proceeds means, (i) with respect to any Casualty Event experienced or suffered by the Borrower or any
of its Subsidiaries, the amount of cash proceeds received (directly or indirectly) including, without limitation, in the form of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards in respect of such Casualty Event, from time to time by or on behalf of such
Person after deducting therefrom only (x) reasonable costs and expenses related thereto incurred by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in connection therewith, and (y) Taxes (including transfer Taxes or net income Taxes) paid or payable in
connection therewith; and (ii) with respect to any Asset Sale by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, the amount of cash proceeds received (directly or indirectly) from time to time by or on behalf of such Person after deducting therefrom
only (x) reasonable costs and expenses related thereto incurred by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in connection therewith, and (y) Taxes (including transfer Taxes or net income Taxes) paid or payable in connection therewith;
provided that, in each case of clauses (i) and (ii), costs and expenses shall only be deducted to the extent, that the amounts so deducted are (x) actually paid to a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries and (y) properly attributable to such Casualty Event or Asset Sale, as the case may be. 

Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 2.06(a). 

Note means a promissory note, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit C, executed and delivered
by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.03. 

Notified Body means an entity
licensed, authorized or approved by an applicable Governmental Authority to assess and certify the conformity of a Device with the requirements of EU Directive 93/42/EEC concerning medical devices, and applicable harmonized standards. 

NYUCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York. 

Obligations means, with respect to any Obligor, all amounts, obligations, liabilities, covenants and duties of every
type and description owing by such Obligor to any Secured Party (including all Guaranteed Obligations and Warrant Obligations), any other indemnitee hereunder or any participant, arising out of, under, or in connection with, any Loan Document,
whether direct or indirect (regardless of whether acquired by assignment), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, whether liquidated or not, now existing or hereafter arising and however acquired, and whether or not evidenced by any
instrument or for the payment of money, including, without duplication, (i) if such Obligor is the Borrower, all Loans, (ii) all interest accruing under the Loan Documents, whether or not accruing after the filing of any petition in
bankruptcy or after the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or similar proceeding, and whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in any such proceeding, and (iii) all other fees, expenses (including
fees, charges and disbursement of counsel), interest, commissions, charges, costs, disbursements, indemnities and reimbursement of amounts paid and other sums chargeable to such Obligor under any Loan Document; provided that Warrant
Obligations shall cease to be Obligations for purposes of this Agreement once all other Obligations (other than contingent obligations as to which no claims have been asserted) have been paid in full in cash. 

19 

Obligor Intellectual Property means Intellectual Property owned by
or licensed to any of the Obligors. 

Obligors means, collectively, the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors
and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

OFAC means the U.S. Department of the Treasurys
Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

One-Month Term SOFR means, the Term
SOFR Reference Rate (expressed, as a decimal, rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100th of 1%) for a one month tenor on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day) that is two (2) U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR
Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator, then One-Month Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as
published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S.
Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day. 

Organic Document means, for any Person, its certificate of incorporation,
by-laws, certificate of partnership, partnership agreement, certificate of formation, limited liability company agreement, operating agreement and all shareholder agreements, voting trusts and similar
arrangements applicable to such Persons Equity Interests. 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to
any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising solely from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to,
performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document).

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar
Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such
Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 5.03(h)). 

Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 14.05(e). 

Patents is defined in the Security Agreement. 

Payment Date means (i) the last day of each Interest Period; provided that if such last day of any
Interest Period is not a Business Day, then the Payment Date for such Interest Period will be the next succeeding day that is a Business Day, and (ii) the Maturity Date. 

20 

PBGC means the United States Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 

Permitted Acquisition
means any acquisition by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, all of the Equity Interests of, or a business line or unit or a division of, any Person;
provided that: 

(a) immediately prior to, and after giving effect thereto, no Default shall have occurred and be
continuing or would result therefrom; 

(b) all transactions in connection therewith shall be consummated, in all material
respects, in accordance with all applicable Law and in conformity with all applicable Governmental Approvals; 

(c) in the
case of the acquisition of all of the Equity Interests of such Person, (i) all of the Equity Interests (except for any such Equity Interests in the nature of directors qualifying Equity Interest required pursuant to any Law) acquired, or
otherwise issued by such Person or any newly formed Subsidiary of the Borrower in connection with such acquisition, shall be owned 100% by an Obligor or any other Subsidiary, and (ii) there shall exist no event or circumstance that could
reasonably be expected to prevent the Borrower or such acquiring Subsidiary from satisfying and completing all actions required pursuant to Section 8.12, to the extent applicable. 

(d) such Person (in the case of an acquisition of Equity Interests) or assets (in the case of an acquisition of assets or a
division) (i) shall be engaged or used, as the case may be, in the same, related or complementary business or lines of business in which the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries are engaged or (ii) shall have a similar, related or
complementary customer base as the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries; 

(e) on a pro forma basis after giving effect
to such acquisition, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 10; 

(f) the purchase price for such acquisition, when taken together with the purchase price for all other acquisitions consummated
or effected since the Closing Date, in each case inclusive of any seller notes, deferred payment obligations or similar deferred payments, does not exceed $10,000,000 in the aggregate; 

(g) with respect to any such acquisition, any Person acquired is a U.S. Subsidiary and any other assets acquired are located in
the United States; 

(h) the Borrower shall have provided the Administrative Agent with at least ten (10) Business
Days prior written notice of the consummation of any such acquisition, and upon the Administrative Agents request, together with summaries, prepared in reasonable detail, of all due diligence conducted by or on behalf of the Borrower or
the applicable Subsidiary, as applicable, prior to such acquisition; and 

21 

(i) the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower (prepared in reasonable detail), certifying as to any contingent liabilities, earn-out payments or similar deferred purchase price obligations and prospective research and
development costs associated with the Person or assets being acquired. 

Permitted Cash Equivalent Investments
means (i) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally Guaranteed by the United States or any agency or any State thereof having maturities of not more than two years from the date of acquisition, (ii) commercial paper maturing
no more than one year after its creation and having one of the two highest ratings from either Standard & Poors Ratings Group or Moodys Investors Service, Inc., (iii) marketable direct obligations issued by any state of the
United States of America or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case maturing within one year after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-2 from S&P or at least P-2 from Moodys, (iv) time Deposit Accounts, demand Deposit Accounts and certificates of deposit with any commercial bank or trust
company of recognized standing having capital and surplus in excess of $250,000,000, (v) repurchase agreements entered into with a bank or trust company or recognized securities dealer having capital and surplus in excess of $250,000,000, and
(vi) money market funds publicly traded or regulated by a Governmental Authority at least 95% of the assets of which are invested in cash equivalents of the type described in clauses (i) through (iv) above. 

Permitted Indebtedness means any Indebtedness permitted under Section 9.01. 

Permitted Liens means any Liens permitted under Section 9.02. 

Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Indebtedness, any extensions, renewals and replacements of such
Indebtedness; provided that such extension, renewal or replacement (i) shall not increase the outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness except by an amount equal to any accrued interest and premiums payable in connection with
such extension, renewal or replacement, (ii) contains terms relating to outstanding principal amount, amortization, maturity, collateral (if any) and subordination (if any), and other material terms taken as a whole no less favorable in any
material respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or the Secured Parties than the terms of any agreement or instrument governing such existing Indebtedness, (iii) shall have an applicable yield which does not exceed the yield of the
Indebtedness being replaced by more than 2.0%, (iv) shall not contain any new requirement to grant any lien or security or to give any Guarantee that was not an existing requirement of such Indebtedness, and (v) after giving effect to such
extension, renewal or replacement, no Default shall have occurred as a result thereof. 

Person means any
individual, corporation, company, voluntary association, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature. 

PIK Interest has the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(d). 

PIK Loan has the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(d). 

22 

Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a
Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which any Obligor or ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under
Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

Prepayment
Date means any Business Day on which the Borrower (i) elects to optionally prepay or (ii) is required to repay or prepay, in each case, all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Loans pursuant to
Section 3.01(a), Section 3.03(a) or Section 3.03(b), respectively. 

Prepayment Premium means, with respect to any prepayment (or other payment) made prior to the scheduled Maturity
Date of all or any portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Loans on any Prepayment Date, pursuant to Section 3.03(a) or Section 3.03(b) or otherwise (including as a result of
acceleration, an Insolvency Proceeding or other Event of Default) and occurring: 

(i) on or prior to the first anniversary
of the Closing Date, an amount equal to ten percent (10.00%) of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Prepayment Date; 

(ii) after the first anniversary of the Closing Date and on or prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount
equal to eighth percent (8.00%) of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Prepayment Date; 

(iii) after the second anniversary of the Closing Date and on or prior to the third anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount
equal to four percent (4.00%) of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Prepayment Date; 

(iv) after the third anniversary of the Closing Date and on or prior to the fourth anniversary of the Closing Date, an amount
equal to two percent (2.00%) of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans being prepaid on such Prepayment Date; and 

(v) after the fourth anniversary of the Closing Date, no Prepayment Premium will be payable. 

Product means (i) those products set forth (and described in reasonable detail) on Schedule 2 to the
Disclosure Letter, and (ii) any current or future Device developed, manufactured, licensed, marketed, sold or otherwise commercialized by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, including any such Device currently in development. 

Product Agreement means, with respect to any Product, any Contract under which one or more Persons grants or
receives any right, title or interest with respect to the Product Development and Commercialization Activities of such Product, including any Contract with suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, clinical research organizations, hospitals, group
purchasing organizations, wholesalers, pharmacies or any other Person related to such entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the term Product Agreement include any sales or customer agreements entered into in the ordinary course of
business. 

23 

Product Authorizations means any and all approvals (including
applicable supplements, amendments, pre- and post- approvals, governmental price and reimbursement approvals and approvals of applications for regulatory exclusivity), clearances, licenses, notifications,
registrations or authorizations of any Regulatory Authority, any Standard Body or any Notified Body necessary for the manufacture, ownership, use or other commercialization of any Product or for any Product Development and Commercialization
Activities with respect thereto in any country or jurisdiction. 

Product Development and Commercialization
Activities means, with respect to any Product, any research, development, manufacture, importation, use, sale, storage, design, labeling, marketing, promotion, supply, distribution, testing, packaging, purchasing or other
commercialization activities, receipt of payment in respect of any of the foregoing, or like activities the purpose of which is to commercially exploit such Product. 

Product Related Information means, with respect to any Product, all Product Agreements, books, records, lists,
ledgers, files, manuals, Contracts, correspondence, reports, plans, drawings, data and other information of every kind (in any form or medium), and all techniques and other know-how, owned or possessed by the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is necessary or useful for any Product Development and Commercialization Activities relating to such Product, including (i) brand materials, packaging and other trade dress, customer targeting and other
marketing, promotion and sales materials and information, referral, customer, supplier and other contact lists and information, product, business, marketing and sales plans, research, studies and reports, sales, maintenance and production records,
training materials and other marketing, sales and promotional information, (ii) clinical data, information included or supporting any Product Authorization or other Regulatory Approval, any regulatory filings, updates, notices and
correspondence (including adverse event and other pharmacovigilance and other post-marketing reports and information, etc.), technical information, product development and operational data and records, and all other documents, records, files, data
and other information relating to product development, manufacture and use, (iii) litigation and dispute records, and accounting records; (iv) all documents, records and files relating to Intellectual Property, including all correspondence
from and to third parties (including Intellectual Property counsel and patent, trademark and other intellectual property registries, including the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office), and (v) all other information, techniques and know-how necessary or useful in connection with the Product Development and Commercialization Activities for any Product. 

Prohibited Payment means any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other payment or gift of money or
anything of value (including meals or entertainment) to any officer, employee or ceremonial office holder of any government or instrumentality thereof, political party or supra-national organization (such as the United Nations), any political
candidate, any royal family member or any other person who is connected or associated personally with any of the foregoing that is prohibited under any applicable Law for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of such payee in such
payees official capacity, inducing such payee to do or omit to do any act in violation of such payees lawful duty, securing any improper advantage or inducing such payee to use such payees influence with a government or
instrumentality thereof o affect or influence any act or decision of such government or instrumentality. 

24 

Proportionate Share means, with respect to any Lender, the
percentage obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the Commitment (or, if the Commitments are terminated or drawn, the outstanding principal amount of the Loans) of such Lender then in effect by (ii) the sum of the Commitments (or, if the
Commitments are terminated or drawn, the outstanding principal amount of the Loans) of all Lenders then in effect. 

Qualified
Equity Interest means, with respect to any Person, any Equity Interest of such Person that is not a Disqualified Equity Interest. 

Qualified Plan means an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) other than a Multiemployer
Plan (i) that is or was at any time maintained or sponsored by any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof or to which any Obligor or any ERISA Affiliate thereof has ever made, or was ever obligated to make, contributions, and (ii) that is
intended to be tax qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code. 

Real Property Security Documents means any
Landlord Consents, Bailee Letters and any mortgage or deed of trust or any other real property security document executed or required hereunder to be executed by any Obligor and granting a security interest in real property owned by any Obligor in
favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

Recipient means the Administrative
Agent or any Lender. 

Redemption Price has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.03(a)(i). 

Referral Source has the meaning set forth in
Section 7.07(b). 

Reference Rate means
One-Month Term SOFR; provided that if One-Month Term SOFR can no longer be determined by the Administrative Agent for any reason (in its sole but reasonable
discretion, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), including as a result of the One-Month Term SOFR not being available or published on a current basis or as a result of the occurrence
of a Reference Rate Transition Event, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall endeavor, in good faith, to establish an alternate rate of interest to One-Month Term SOFR that gives due
consideration to the then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for middle-market loans in the United States at such time, and shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement to reflect such alternate rate of interest and
such other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable; provided, further that, until such alternate rate of interest is agreed upon by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, the Reference Rate for purposes hereof and of
each other Loan Document shall be the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate (unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower). 

Reference Rate Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the
Reference Rate then in effect: 

(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator
of such Reference Rate announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide such Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator
that will continue to provide such Reference Rate; 

25 

(b) a public statement or publication of information by the Governmental
Authority governing or regulating the administrator of such Reference Rate, the U.S. Federal Reserve System, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the then-current administrator for such Reference Rate, a resolution authority with
jurisdiction over the then-current administrator for such Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Reference Rate, which in any case states that the then-current
administrator of such Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to provide such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to
provide such Reference Rate; or 

(c) a public statement or publication of information by the Governmental Authority
governing or regulating the then-current administrator of such Reference Rate announcing that such Reference Rate is no longer representative. 

For the avoidance of doubt, a Reference Rate Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any
Reference Rate if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current available tenor of such Reference Rate (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Refinanced Debt means the Indebtedness and related obligations under the (i) Credit Agreement, dated as of
November 3, 2022, by and among the Borrower, each other borrower from time to time party thereto, as borrowers, and Gemino Healthcare Finance, LLC d/b/a SLR Healthcare ABL, as lender (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to
time) and (ii) Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2022, by and among the Borrower, each lender from time to time party thereto and SLR Investment Corp., as collateral agent (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from
time to time). 

Register has the meaning set forth in Section 14.05(d). 

Regulation T means Regulation T of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as amended. 

Regulation U means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as amended. 

Regulation X means Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as amended. 

Regulatory Approvals means any Governmental Approval relating to any Product or Product Development and
Commercialization Activities, including all Product Authorizations, IDEs and Device Marketing Applications held by any Obligor or any of its respective licensors, as applicable, or that are pending before the FDA or equivalent non-U.S. Governmental Authority with respect to the Products. 

26 

Regulatory Authority means any Governmental Authority (including
the FDA and all equivalent Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction outside the U.S.) that has regulatory oversight with respect to the use, permitting, control, safety, efficacy, reliability, manufacturing, marketing, distribution, sale or
other Product Development and Commercialization Activities relating to any Device, including any Product, of an Obligor. 

Related Fund means, with respect to any Lender, any Fund which is managed or advised by the same investment manager
or investment adviser as such Lender or, if it is managed by a different investment manager or investment adviser, a Fund whose investment manager or investment adviser is an Affiliate of the investment manager or investment adviser of such Lender.

Related Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 14.16. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK
Resolution Authority. 

Responsible Officer means, for any Person, each of the chief executive officer, president
or chief financial officer of such Person. 

Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether
in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interest of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the
purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests of the Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries. 

Restrictive Agreement means any indenture, agreement, instrument or other Contract that
prohibits or restricts (i) the ability of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets in favor of the Secured Parties (other than (x) customary provisions in
Contracts (including without limitation leases and licenses of Intellectual Property) restricting the assignment thereof, (y) restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement governing secured Permitted Indebtedness permitted under
Section 9.01(f), (i), (j), (k),(m) or (o) to the extent that such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, and (z) customary
prohibitions or limitations contained in any agreement related to any Asset Sale permitted pursuant to Section 9.09 pending the consummation of such Asset Sale to the extent such prohibitions or limitations apply solely to
the assets subject to such Asset Sale), or (ii) the ability of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any shares of its Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other
Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary. 

Revenue means, for any
relevant fiscal period, consolidated total net revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistent in all material respects with the preparation of the
historical financial statements delivered to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date. 

Revenue Covenant
Default has the meaning set forth in Section 10.03. 

27 

Sanction means any international economic sanction administered or
enforced by the United States Government (including, without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or its Member States, Her Majestys Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority. 

Secured Parties means the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, each other Indemnified Party and any other holder of
any Obligation. 

Security Agreement means the Security Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the
Obligors and the Administrative Agent, granting a security interest in the Obligors personal property specified therein in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

Security Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, each Short-Form IP Security Agreement, each Real
Property Security Document, and each other security document, control agreement or financing statement required or recommended to perfect Liens in favor of the Secured Parties. 

Securities Account has the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Short-Form IP Security Agreements means short-form copyright, patent or trademark (as the case may be) security
agreements, dated as of the Closing Date and substantially in the form attached as Exhibits B, C, and D to the Security Agreement, entered into by one or more Obligors in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Majority Lenders (and as amended, modified or replaced from time to time). 

Shortfall Revenue Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 10.03(a). 

SOFR means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight
financing rate). 

Solvent means, with respect to any Person at any time, that (i) the present fair saleable
value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities (including contingent liabilities, but excluding accrued and unpaid dividends) of such Person, (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of such
Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, and (iii) such Person has not incurred and does not intend to, and does not believe that it
will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature. 

Specified
Period has the meaning set forth in Section 10.03(a). 

28 

Specified Equity Offering has the meaning set forth in
Section 6.01(k). 

Standard Bodies means any of the organizations that create, sponsor
or maintain safety, quality or other standards, including ISO, ANSI, CEN, SCC and the like. 

Subsidiary means,
with respect to any Person (the parent) at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the
parents consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (i) of
which Equity Interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or
(ii) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, in the case of either clause (i) or clause (ii), by the parent or one or more Subsidiaries of the parent. Unless the context otherwise requires, each reference to
Subsidiaries herein shall be a reference to direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 

Subsidiary
Guarantors means each of the Subsidiaries of the Borrower identified under the caption SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS on the signature pages hereto and each Subsidiary of the Borrower that becomes, or is required to become, a
Subsidiary Guarantor after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 8.12(a); provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document, in no event will any Excluded Subsidiary be or be
required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor. 

Substitute Lender has the meaning set forth in
Section 2.06(a). 

Summary of Terms means the Proposal Letter, dated December 8,
2024, between the Borrower and Perceptive Advisors LLC, together with the Outline of Proposed Terms and Conditions attached thereto. 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup
withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Technical Information means all trade secrets and other proprietary or confidential information, public information,
non-proprietaryknow-how, any information of a scientific, technical, or business nature in any form or medium, standards and specifications, conceptions, ideas,
innovations, discoveries, Invention disclosures, all documented research, developmental, demonstration or engineering work and all other information, data, plans, specifications, reports, summaries, experimental data, manuals, models, samples, know-how, technical information, systems, methodologies, computer programs, information technology and any other information. 

Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the
Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR Reference
Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 

29 

Title IV Plan means an employee benefit plan (as defined in
Section 3(3) of ERISA) other than a Multiemployer Plan (i) that is or was at any time maintained or sponsored by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate thereof or to which the Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or
any ERISA Affiliate thereof has ever made, or was obligated to make, contributions, and (ii) that is or was subject to Section 412 of the Code, Section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA. 

Trademarks is defined in the Security Agreement. 

Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by each Obligor of this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents to which such Obligor is intended to be a party, the Borrowings, the granting and perfection of the Liens created under and pursuant to the Loan Documents, and all other transactions contemplated pursuant to this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA
Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct
Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility
for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

United States or U.S. means the
United States of America. 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday,
(ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government
securities. 

U.S. Person means a United States Person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30)
of the Code. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.03(f)(ii)(B)(3). 

UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the
applicable jurisdiction, as may be modified from time to time. 

Wall Street Journal Prime Rate means the Wall
Street Journal Prime Rate, as published and defined in The Wall Street Journal. 

Warrant Certificate means each
Warrant Certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit K, executed and delivered by the Borrower to the Lender (or its designee) pursuant to Section 6.01(i) or Section 6.02(d), as amended
or otherwise modified pursuant to the terms hereof or thereof. 

30 

Warrant Obligations means all Obligations of the Borrower arising
out of, under or in connection with the Warrant Certificates. 

Withdrawal Liability means, at any time, any
liability incurred (whether or not assessed) by any ERISA Affiliate and not yet satisfied or paid in full at such time with respect to any Multiemployer Plan pursuant to Section 4201 of ERISA. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (i) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and
conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (ii) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel,
reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that Person or any
other Person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that
Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

1.02Accounting Terms and
Principles. Unless otherwise specified, all accounting terms used in each Loan Document shall be interpreted, and all accounting determinations and computations thereunder (including under Section 10 and any definitions
used in such calculations) shall be made, in accordance with GAAP as applied in the preparation of the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(d). Unless otherwise expressly provided, all financial covenants
and defined financial terms shall be computed on a consolidated basis for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case without duplication. 

1.03Interpretation. For all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or unless the context otherwise requires,

(a) the terms defined in this Agreement include the plural as well as the singular and vice versa; 

(b) words importing gender include all genders; 

(c) any reference to a Section, Annex, Schedule or Exhibit refers to a Section of, or Annex, Schedule or Exhibit to, this Agreement; 

(d) any reference to this Agreement refers to this Agreement, including all Annexes, Schedules and Exhibits hereto, and the words
herein, hereof, hereto and hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Agreement and its Annexes, Schedules and Exhibits as a whole and not to any particular Section, Annex, Schedule, Exhibit or any other subdivision; 

(e) references to days, months and years refer to calendar days, months and years, respectively; 

(f) all references herein to include or including shall be deemed to be followed by the words without
limitation; 

31 

(g) the word from when used in connection with a period of time means from
and including and the word until means to but not including; 

(h) the words asset and
property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer broadly to any and all assets and properties, whether tangible or intangible, real or personal, including cash, Equity Interests, rights under Contractual
obligations and permits and any right or interest in any such assets or property; 

(i) the word will shall have the same
meaning as the word shall; 

(j) where any provision in this Agreement or any other Loan Document refers to an action to be
taken by any Person, or an action which such Person is prohibited from taking, such provision shall be applicable whether such action is taken directly or indirectly; 

(k) references to any Lien granted or created hereunder or pursuant to any other Loan Document securing any Obligations shall be deemed to be
a Lien for the benefit of the Secured Parties; 

(l) references to any Law will include all statutory and regulatory provisions amending,
consolidating, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law from time to time; 

(m) unless otherwise expressly provided in the
relevant Loan Document, references to organizational documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other Contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other
modifications thereto not prohibited by the Loan Documents; and 

(n) accounting terms not specifically defined herein (other than
property and asset) shall be construed in accordance with GAAP. 

1.04Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan
Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware Law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdictions Laws): (i) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right,
obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (ii) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been
organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 

1.05Reference Rate Replacement. For
purposes of this Agreement and each other Loan Document, the Obligors jointly and severally acknowledge and agree for the benefit of each Secured Party as follows: 

(a) Upon the occurrence of an event of the type described in the first proviso of the definition of Reference Rate, the
Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower thereof and, as set forth in such proviso, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall endeavor, in good faith, to establish an alternate rate of interest to
One-Month Term SOFR. However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter
related to One-Month Term SOFR or any other rate referenced herein or in any other Loan Document or 

32 

with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative,
successor or replacement Reference Rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, One-Month Term SOFR or have the same volume or liquidity as did
One-Month Term SOFR prior to its discontinuance or unavailability). 

(b) There is no assurance
that the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement Reference Rate will be similar to or produce the same value or economic equivalence as One-Month Term SOFR or that it
will have the same volume or liquidity as did One-Month Term SOFR prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. 

1.06Equivalent Amounts. The applicable amount of any currency other than Dollars for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Equivalent
Amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent. 

SECTION 2 

THE COMMITMENT AND THE LOANS 

2.01Loans. 

(a) On the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Lenders agree to make the Initial Loan available to
the Borrower in a single Borrowing on the Closing Date. 

(b) On the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Lenders
agree to make the Delayed Draw Loan to the Borrower in a single Borrowing on the Delayed Draw Date. 

(c) No amounts repaid or prepaid with
respect to any Loan may be reborrowed. 

2.02Borrowing Procedures. 

(a) At least three (but not more than ten) Business Days prior to the proposed Borrowing Date (or, in the case of the initial Borrowing Date,
one Business Day prior to the Closing Date), the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an irrevocable Borrowing Notice (which notice, if received by the Administrative Agent on a day that is not a Business Day or after 12:00 noon
Eastern time on a Business Day, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the next Business Day). 

(b) Upon receipt of a Borrowing Notice,
the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender thereof. No later than 12:00 Noon Eastern time on the anticipated Borrowing Date, each Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent an amount in immediately available funds equal
to the Loan to be made by such Lender. 

2.03Notes. If requested by any Lender, the Loans of such Lender shall be evidenced by one or more
Notes. The Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent such promissory note(s) payable to the Lenders (or, if requested by the Lenders, to the Lenders and their registered assigns) and substantially in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit C. Thereafter, the Loans and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 14.05) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the
payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). Any such notes shall include the following: 

33 

FOR PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 1272, 1273 AND 1275 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED, THIS NOTE IS
BEING ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT. PROMPTLY UPON WRITTEN REQUEST FROM THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE FROM TIME TO TIME, THE BORROWER AGREES TO PROVIDE TO SUCH HOLDER THE ISSUE PRICE, AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, ISSUE DATE, AND YIELD TO
MATURITY. ANY SUCH WRITTEN REQUEST SHOULD BE SENT TO THE BORROWER AT THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS: OUTSET MEDICAL, INC., 3052 ORCHARD DRIVE, SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA 95134, ATTENTION: CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. 

2.04Use of Proceeds. The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Loans for (i) the repayment in full of the Refinanced Debt on the Closing
Date, (ii) working capital and general corporate purposes, and (iii) without duplication, the payment of fees and expenses associated with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the Transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

2.05Defaulting Lenders. 

(a) Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then,
until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Law: 

(i) Waivers and Amendments. Such
Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 14.04. 

(ii) Reallocation of Payments. Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Lenders for the account of
such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Section 11 or otherwise), shall be applied at such time or times as follows: first, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default
exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement; second, if so determined by the Majority Lenders and the Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing Deposit Account and released in order to satisfy obligations of such Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement; third, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result
of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fourth, so long as no Default exists, to the
payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this
Agreement; and fifth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans in respect of which such Defaulting Lender
has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 6 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans (including
interest thereon) of all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of such Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or
payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Section 2.05(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender
irrevocably consents hereto. 

34 

(b) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrower and the Majority Lenders agree in writing
in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as
necessary to cause the Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Proportionate Share, whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made
retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties,
no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. 

2.06Substitution of Lenders. 

(a) Substitution Right. If any Lender (an Affected Lender), (i) becomes a Defaulting Lender,
(ii) does not consent to any amendment, waiver or consent to any Loan Document for which the consent of the Majority Lenders is obtained but that requires the consent of other Lenders (a
Non-Consenting Lender) or (iii) requests compensation pursuant to Section 5.01 or Section 5.03, then (x) the Borrower may
elect to pay in full such Affected Lender with respect to all Obligations (other than Warrant Obligations) owed to such Affected Lender or (y) the Borrower and the Majority Lenders shall mutually agree upon any willing Lender or Affiliate of
any Lender or Eligible Transferee (in each case, a Substitute Lender) to substitute for such Affected Lender. 

(b) Procedure. To substitute such Affected Lender or pay in full all Obligations (other than Warrant Obligations) then due and payable
owed to such Affected Lender, the Borrower shall deliver a notice to such Affected Lender. The effectiveness of such payment or substitution shall be subject to the delivery by the Borrower (or, as may be applicable in the case of a substitution, by
the Substitute Lender) of (i) payment for the account of such Affected Lender, of, to the extent accrued through, and outstanding on, the effective date for such payment or substitution, all Obligations (other than Warrant Obligations) owing to
such Affected Lender (which shall not include any Prepayment Premium) and (ii) in the case of a substitution, an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Substitute Lender, which shall thereunder, among other things, agree to be bound by the
terms of the Loan Documents. 

(c) Effectiveness. Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 2.06(a) and
(b), the Administrative Agent shall record such substitution or payment in the Register, whereupon (i) in the case of any payment in full of an Affected Lender, such Affected Lenders Commitments shall be terminated or assumed by the
Substitute Lender and (ii) in the case of any substitution of an Affected Lender, (x) such Affected Lender shall sell and be relieved of, and the Substitute Lender shall purchase and assume, all rights and claims of such Affected Lender
under the Loan Documents, except that the Affected Lender shall retain such rights under the Loan Documents 

35 

that expressly provide that they survive the repayment of the Obligations and the termination of the Commitments, (y) such Affected Lender shall no longer constitute a Lender
hereunder and such Substitute Lender shall become a Lender hereunder and (z) such Affected Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption to evidence such substitution; provided that the failure of any Affected
Lender to execute any such Assignment and Assumption shall not render such sale and purchase (or the corresponding assignment) invalid. 

SECTION 3 

PAYMENTS
OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST 

3.01Repayments and Prepayments Generally; Application. 

(a) There will be no scheduled repayments of the principal on the Loans prior to the Maturity Date. On the Maturity Date the Borrower
shall repay the entire remaining outstanding principal balance of the Loans, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and fees, including all applicable accrued and unpaid (or payable) Prepayment Premiums and accrued and unpaid interest
thereon, as applicable, in full and in cash. 

(b) The Borrower agrees that all amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document,
in respect of any Loans, fees or interest accrued or accruing thereon, or any other Obligations, shall be repaid and prepaid solely in Dollars and no other currency. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, proceeds of each payment (including
each repayment and prepayment of Loans) by or on behalf of the Borrower shall be deemed to be made ratably to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Proportionate Shares of the Loans being repaid or prepaid. 

3.02Interest. 

(a) Interest
Generally. The outstanding principal amount of the Loans, as well as all other outstanding Obligations, shall accrue interest at the Interest Rate. 

(b) Default Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the
Applicable Margin shall, upon election by the Majority Lenders with written notice to the Borrower (or, automatically, upon any Event of Default under Section 11.01(a), 11.01(b) and 11.01(h)), increase by 4.00% per annum (the Interest
Rate, as increased pursuant to this Section 3.02(b), being the Default Rate). If any Obligation is not paid when due under any applicable Loan Document, the amount thereof shall accrue interest at
the Default Rate. 

(c) Interest Payment Dates. Accrued interest on the Loans (including interest accruing at the Default Rate)
shall be payable in arrears on each Payment Date in cash, and upon the payment or prepayment of the Loans, in whole or in part (on the principal amount being so paid or prepaid); provided that interest payable at the Default Rate shall also
be payable from time to time on demand immediately following written notice thereof by the Administrative Agent or the Majority Lenders. 

36 

(d) PIK Interest Option. Any term or provision hereof to the contrary
notwithstanding, all interest payable hereunder shall be payable in cash, except that, with respect to any Payment Date occurring on or prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing on such date, unless the Administrative Agent has been notified otherwise by the Borrower in writing not less than five (5) Business Days prior to such Payment Date, a portion of the interest (but only that portion) accruing for the
Interest Period ending closest to such Payment Date equal to 1.50% per annum shall be paid in kind (PIK Interest); provided that (i) such PIK Interest shall only be applicable to interest that
(x) is due and payable on such Payment Date and (y) has accrued during the Interest Period ending closest to such Payment Date, and (ii) the remainder of any interest due and payable on such Payment Date will continue to be due and
payable in cash on such date. Any PIK Interest shall be capitalized and added to the outstanding principal amount of the Loans on such Payment Date, and such PIK Interest shall be deemed to be a Loan made hereunder by the Lender (a
PIK Loan). The aggregate principal amount of any PIK Loan will be equal to the amount of such PIK Interest elected to be paid in kind by the Borrower on the applicable Payment Date. For purposes of this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, each PIK Loan will bear interest (which shall be due and payable) in accordance with this Section 3. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or in
any other Loan Document, all interest must be paid in cash, irrespective of any election at any time by the Borrower to pay such interest in the form of PIK Interest if (x) any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on any Payment
Date, or (y) the Payment Date occurs after the second anniversary of the Closing Date. 

(e) Conforming Changes. In
connection with the use or administration of One-Month Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly
notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of One-Month Term SOFR. 

(f) Compensation for Losses. In the event of the payment of any principal of any Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period
applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for any loss, cost or expense attributable to such event, including any loss, cost or expense arising from the
liquidation or redeployment of funds. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 3.02(f) shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be
conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 

3.03Prepayments. 

(a)
Optional Prepayments. 

(i) Subject to prior written notice pursuant to clause (ii) below, the Borrower shall have the
right to optionally prepay in whole or in part the outstanding principal amount of the Loans on any Business Day; provided that, in addition to the principal amount of the Loans so prepaid, the Borrower will pay to the Lenders on such
Prepayment Date the sum of (x) the applicable Prepayment Premium on the principal amount of the Loans being so prepaid and (y) any accrued but unpaid interest on such principal amount of the Loans being so prepaid (such aggregate principal
amount of the Loans being prepaid, plus the sum of clauses (x) and (y) above, being, the Redemption Price). 

37 

(ii) A notice of optional prepayment shall be effective only if received by the
Administrative Agent not later than 2:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on a date not less than three Business Days prior to the proposed date of prepayment. Each notice of optional prepayment shall specify the proposed Prepayment Date, the principal amount of
the Loans to be prepaid, the amount of accrued and unpaid interest that will be paid on the Prepayment Date, and, in reasonable detail, a calculation of the Prepayment Premium, if applicable, payable on such Prepayment Date in connection with such
proposed prepayment. Each notice of optional prepayment shall be irrevocable once received by the Administrative Agent (but may be conditioned upon the consummation of another transaction). 

(b) Mandatory Prepayments. Within ten (10) Business Days of the receipt by any Obligor of Net Cash Proceeds from the occurrence of
any Casualty Event or Asset Sale (other than Asset Sales permitted pursuant to Section 9.09 (other than Section 9.09(h))), which, when taken together with all other Casualty Events and Asset Sales
occurring since the Closing Date, results in Net Cash Proceeds in excess of $1,000,000 in the aggregate, the Borrower shall apply an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the Net Cash Proceeds received with respect to such Casualty Event or
Asset Sale, as the case may be, to (i) the prepayment of outstanding Loans, (ii) the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the Loans being prepaid and (iii) the payment of the Prepayment Premium. Such Net
Cash Proceeds shall be allocated to such prepayment and payments such that the full amount of principal, interest and the Prepayment Premium, if applicable, payable hereunder shall be paid in full with such Net Cash Proceeds. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or shall immediately result therefrom, if, within five (5) Business Days following the occurrence of any such Casualty Event or Asset Sale, a Responsible Officer of the
Borrower delivers to the Administrative Agent a notice to the effect that the Borrower intends to apply (or cause to be applied) the Net Cash Proceeds from such Casualty Event or Asset Sale, to repair, refurbish, restore, replace or rebuild the
asset subject to such Casualty Event or Asset Sale or to the cost of purchase or constructing other assets useful in the business of the Borrower or another Obligor or business operating expenses (in the case of Net Cash Proceeds of business
interruption insurance), then such Net Cash Proceeds of such Casualty Event or Asset Sale may be applied for such purpose in lieu of such mandatory prepayment otherwise required pursuant to this clause (b) to the extent such Net Cash
Proceeds of such Casualty Event or Asset Sale are actually applied for such purpose; provided that, in the event that Net Cash Proceeds have not been so applied within one hundred and eighty (180) days following the occurrence of such
Casualty Event or Asset Sale, the Borrower shall make a mandatory prepayment of the Loans to be made in an aggregate amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the unused balance of such Net Cash Proceeds with respect to such Casualty Event or
Asset Sale, as the case may be, together with payment of accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount of the Loans being so prepaid and the applicable Prepayment Premium, if applicable, with such amount of Net Cash Proceeds being allocated to
the prepayment of principal, the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on such principal amount of the Loans being prepaid and the payment of the Prepayment Premium, if applicable, such that the full amount payable with respect to such mandatory
prepayment is paid with such unused balance of Net Cash Proceeds. 

38 

(c) Prepayment Premium. Without limiting the foregoing, whenever any prepayment of
Loans is made hereunder pursuant to Section 3.03(a) or Section 3.03(b) or otherwise, whether voluntary, involuntary, mandatory, as a result of a Default, acceleration or otherwise, or any other
repayment, prepayment or cancellation of Loans is made or occurs at any time prior to the scheduled Maturity Date, a Prepayment Premium shall be payable in full in cash on the applicable Prepayment Date for such repayment, prepayment or
cancellation, as the case may be. 

SECTION 4 

PAYMENTS, ETC. 

4.01Payments. 

(a) Payments Generally. Each payment of principal, interest and other amounts to be made by the Obligors under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds, without deduction, set off or counterclaim, to an account to be designated (at least five Business Days prior to the payment date) by the
Administrative Agent by notice to the Borrower, not later than 2:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the date on which such payment shall become due (each such payment made after such time on such due date to be deemed to have been made on the next succeeding
Business Day). 

(b) Application of Insufficient Payments. Subject to Section 3.03(b) (with respect to the
application of mandatory prepayment proceeds) and Section 11.03 (with respect to the application of any proceeds upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default), if at any other time insufficient
funds are received by or made available to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, as the case may be, for purposes of fully paying all amounts of principal, interest, fees and other amounts then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied in
accordance with clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) of Section 11.03. 

(c) Non-Business Days. If the due date of any payment under this Agreement would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, such date shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case
of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall continue to accrue and be payable through the period of such extension; provided that if such next succeeding Business Day would fall after the Maturity Date, payment shall be made on
the immediately preceding Business Day. 

4.02Computations. All computations of interest and fees hereunder shall be computed on the basis
of a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed during the period for which payable. 

4.03Set-Off.

(a) Set-Off Generally. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of
Default, each of the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each of their Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or
special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing by the Administrative Agent, any Lender and any of their Affiliates to or for the credit or the account of any Obligor against any and all of
the Obligations, whether or not such Person shall have made any demand and although such 

39 

obligations may be unmatured. The Administrative Agent and each Lender agree promptly to notify the Borrower after any such set-off and application;
provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each of their Affiliates under this
Section 4.03(a) are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) that such Persons may have. 

(b) Exercise of Rights Not Required. Nothing contained in Section 4.03(a) shall require the Administrative
Agent, any Lender and any of their Affiliates to exercise any such right or shall affect the right of such Persons to exercise, and retain the benefits of exercising, any such right with respect to any other indebtedness or obligation of any
Obligor. 

(c) Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of any Obligor is made to the Administrative Agent
or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Affiliate of the foregoing exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or
preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Affiliate in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any
Insolvency Proceeding or otherwise, then (i) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such
setoff had not occurred, and (ii) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest
thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate from time to time in effect. 

SECTION 5 

YIELD
PROTECTION, ETC. 

5.01Additional Costs. 

(a) Change in Law Generally. If, on or after the date hereof, the adoption of any Law, or any change in any Law, or any change in the
interpretation or administration thereof by any court or other Governmental Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any of the Lenders (or its lending office) with any request or directive (whether or
not having the force of law) of any such Governmental Authority, shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including any such requirement imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), special deposit, contribution,
insurance assessment or similar requirement, in each case that becomes effective after the date hereof or if later, the date such Lender becomes a party hereto, against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, such
Lender (or its lending office) or shall impose on such Lender (or its lending office) any other condition affecting the Loans or the Commitment, and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining
the Loans, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or subject any Lender to any Taxes (other than (i) Indemnified Taxes, (ii) Taxes described in clause
(ii) through (iv) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (iii) Connection Income Taxes) on its Loan, Commitment or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital (if any)
attributable thereto by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then the Borrower shall pay to such Lender on demand such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such increased cost or reduction. 

40 

(b) Change in Capital Requirements. If a Lender shall have determined that, on or
after the date hereof (or if later, the date such Lender became a party hereto), the adoption of any Law regarding capital adequacy, or any change therein, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority
charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of any such Governmental Authority, in each case that becomes effective after the date hereof,
has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on capital of a Lender (or its parent) as a consequence of a Lenders obligations hereunder or the Loans to a level below that which a Lender (or its parent) could have achieved but
for such adoption, change, request or directive by an amount reasonably deemed by it to be material, then the Borrower shall pay to such Lender on demand such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender (or its parent) for such
reduction. 

(c) Notification by Lender. Each Lender promptly will notify the Borrower of any event of which it has Knowledge,
occurring after the date hereof, which will entitle such Lender to compensation pursuant to this Section 5.01. Before giving any such notice pursuant to this Section 5.01(c) such Lender shall
designate a different lending office if such designation (x) will, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, such compensation and (y) will not, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, be
materially disadvantageous to such Lender. A certificate of such Lender claiming compensation under this Section 5.01, setting forth in reasonable detail the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder, shall be
conclusive and binding on the Borrower in the absence of manifest error. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
(x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank
for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to constitute
a change in Law for all purposes of this Section 5.01, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

5.02Illegality. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event that on or after the date hereof the adoption of or any change in any Law or in the interpretation or application thereof by any competent Governmental Authority
shall make it unlawful for a Lender or its lending office to make or maintain the Loans (and, in the opinion of such Lender, the designation of a different lending office would either not avoid such unlawfulness or would be disadvantageous to such
Lender), then such Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower thereof, following which (i) such Lenders Commitment shall be suspended until such time as such Lender may again make and maintain the Loans hereunder and (ii) if such Law
shall so mandate, the Loans of such Lender shall be prepaid by the Borrower on or before such date as shall be mandated by such Law in an amount equal to the Redemption Price applicable on the date of such prepayment in accordance with
Section 3.03(a). 

41 

5.03Taxes. 

(a) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any Obligation (other than the Warrant Obligations) shall be made
without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by any applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the applicable Obligor) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such
payment by an Obligor, then such Obligor shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is
an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by such Obligor shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding for Indemnified Taxes has been made (including such deductions and withholdings for Indemnified Taxes applicable to
additional sums payable under this Section 5) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding for Indemnified Taxes been made. 

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with
applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent, timely reimburse it for the payment of any Other Taxes. 

(c) Evidence of
Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 5, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy
of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(d) Indemnification. The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within ten days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any
Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 5) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such
Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such
payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(e) Indemnification by the
Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified
the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 14.05(e)
relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable
expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender
by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by
the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 

42 

(f) Status of Lenders. 

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document
shall deliver to the Borrower at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a
reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by any Law or as reasonably requested by the Borrower as will enable the Borrower to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup
withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in
Section 5.03(f)(ii)) shall not be required if in such Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially
prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the
Borrower is a U.S. Person: 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower on or prior to the date on which such
Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 (or successor form) certifying that such Lender is
exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to
the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the
reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(1) in the case of a Foreign
Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and
(y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as
applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(2) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, executed copies of
IRS Form W-8ECI;

(3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for
portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the
meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in
Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable; or 

43 

(4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form
W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D-2 or Exhibit
D-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and
one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit
D-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the
extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time
thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower), executed copies of any other form prescribed by Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary
documentation as may be prescribed by Law to permit the Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

(D)
any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower any forms and information necessary for the Borrower to comply with its obligations under FATCA, to establish that such Foreign Lender has complied with such Foreign Lenders obligations under
FATCA, or to determine the applicable withholding amount under FATCA, or to establish that such Foreign Lender is not subject to withholding tax under FATCA. For purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made
to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or
inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(g) Treatment of Certain Tax Benefits. If any party to this Agreement determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that
it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 5 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 5), it shall pay to the
indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 5 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying
party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that
such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.03(g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount
to an indemnifying party pursuant to this Section 5.03(g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than

44 

the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld, or otherwise imposed and the indemnification
payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This Section 5.03(g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating
to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(h) Mitigation Obligations. If the
Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or to any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 5.01 or this Section 5.03, then
such Lender shall (at the request of the Borrower) use commercially reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign and delegate its rights and obligations hereunder to another of
its offices, branches or Affiliates if, in the sole reasonable judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment and delegation would (i) eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 5.01 or this
Section 5.03, as the case may be, in the future, (ii) not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and (iii) not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all
reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment and delegation. 

(i)
Survival. Each partys obligations under this Section 5.03 shall (subject to Section 5.04) survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights
by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 

5.04Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 5
shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders right to demand such compensation; provided that if such Lender has not provided the appropriate notice within nine (9) months of the event or change giving rise to such increased cost
or reduction, then the Borrower shall not be required to compensate such Lender pursuant to this Section 5. 

SECTION 6 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

6.01Conditions to the Borrowing of the Initial Loan. The obligation of each Lender to make the Initial Loan shall be subject to the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the delivery of a Borrowing Notice as required
pursuant to Section 2.02(a), and the prior or concurrent satisfaction (or waiver in the Administrative Agents sole discretion) of each of the conditions precedent set forth below in this Article. 

(a) Officers Certificate, Etc. The Administrative Agent shall have received from each Obligor (x) a copy of a
good standing certificate from its jurisdiction of formation, dated a date reasonably close to the Closing Date, for each such Person and (y) a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, duly executed and delivered by such Persons
secretary, assistant secretary or a Responsible Officer of such Person as to: 

45 

(i) resolutions of each such Persons Board then in full force and effect authorizing
the execution, delivery and performance of each Loan Document to be executed by such Person and the Transactions; 

(ii) the incumbency and
signatures of those of its officers, managing member or general partner, as applicable, authorized to act with respect to each Loan Document to be executed by such Person; and 

(iii) the full force and validity of each Organic Document of such Person and copies thereof; 

upon which certificates the Administrative Agent may conclusively rely until it shall have received a further certificate of the secretary, assistant
secretary or Responsible Officer of any such Person cancelling or amending the prior certificate of such Person. 

(b) Closing Date
Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date (the Closing Date Certificate), substantially in the form of Exhibit H, duly executed and delivered by a
Responsible Officer of the Borrower. All documents and agreements required to be appended to the Closing Date Certificate, if any, shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, shall have been executed and
delivered by the requisite parties, and shall be in full force and effect. 

(c) Delivery of Notes. Each Lender that has requested a
Note shall have received a Note, dated as of the Closing Date, duly executed and delivered by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 

(d)
Financial Information, Etc. The Administrative Agent shall have received: 

(i) audited consolidated financial statements of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023; and 

(ii) unaudited consolidated balance sheets of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries for each fiscal quarter ended on March 31, 2024, June 30, 2024 and September 30, 2024, together with the related consolidated statement of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for each
such fiscal quarter. 

(e) Solvency Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a Solvency Certificate, substantially
in the form of Exhibit I, duly executed and delivered by the chief financial officer of the Borrower, dated as of the Closing Date. 

(f) Security Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received executed counterparts of each Security Document and each other
applicable Loan Document requested by the Administrative Agent to be delivered on the Closing Date, dated as of the Closing Date, duly executed and delivered by each Obligor, together with: 

46 

(i) delivery of all certificates (in the case of Equity Interests that are securities (as
defined in the NYUCC)) evidencing the issued and outstanding Equity Interests owned by each Obligor that are required to be pledged under the Security Agreement, which certificates in each case shall be accompanied by undated instruments of transfer
duly executed in blank, or, in the case of Equity Interests that are uncertificated securities (as defined in the NYUCC), confirmation and evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that the security interest required to be pledged therein
under the Security Agreement has been transferred to and perfected by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Articles 8 and 9 of the NYUCC and all Laws otherwise applicable to the perfection of the pledge of such Equity Interests; 

(ii) financing statements suitable in form for naming each Obligor as a debtor and the Administrative Agent as the secured party, or other
similar instruments or documents to be filed under the UCC of all jurisdictions as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, desirable to perfect the security interests of the Lenders pursuant to the Security Agreement; 

(iii) UCC-3 termination statements, if any, necessary to release all Liens and other rights of any
Person (other than Permitted Liens to the extent permitted to remain outstanding after the Closing Date) in any collateral described in the Security Agreement previously granted by any Person; and 

(iv) all Short-Form IP Security Agreements, Real Property Security Documents and any other agreement, document or instrument required to be
provided under any Security Document, duly executed and delivered by the applicable Obligors. 

(g) Information and Collateral
Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received an Information and Collateral Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, duly executed and delivered by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 

(h) Lien Searches. The Administrative Agent shall be satisfied with Lien searches regarding the Borrower and its Subsidiaries made
within a reasonable period of time prior to the Borrowing of the Initial Loan. 

(i) Closing Date Warrant Certificate. The Initial
Lender shall have received an executed counterpart of a Warrant Certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, exercisable in the aggregate into 5,625,000 shares of the Borrowers common stock duly executed, delivered and validly issued by the
Borrower. 

(j) Minimum Liquidity Covenant Compliance. The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory
to it that, immediately after giving effect to the Borrowing of the Initial Loan on the Closing Date, the Borrower will be in compliance with the covenant set forth in Section 10.01. 

(k) Equity Offering. Concurrently or substantially contemporaneously with the funding of the Initial Loan, the Borrower shall have
received at least $50,000,000 in gross cash proceeds from one or more issuances and sales of its Qualified Equity Interests on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (the Specified Equity
Offering), and shall have provided to the Administrative Agent evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent of such issuances and sales. 

47 

(l) Payoff of Refinanced Debt. The Refinanced Debt, together with all accrued and
unpaid interest and related fees, costs and expenses, shall be, substantially contemporaneously with the funding of the Initial Loan, paid in full, and the Administrative Agent shall have received executed payoff letters, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, providing for such payment in full (and irrevocable termination) of the Refinanced Debt and satisfactory arrangements shall have been made for the termination of all loan documents evidencing such
Refinanced Debt and all Liens granted in connection therewith. On the Closing Date, after giving effect to the Transactions, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not have any Indebtedness other than the Obligations and other Permitted
Indebtedness. 

(m) Fee Letter. The Administrative Agent shall have received an executed counterpart of the Fee Letter, duly
executed and delivered by the Borrower. 

(n) Opinion of Counsel. The Administrative Agent shall have received a legal opinion,
dated the Closing Date and addressed to the Administrative Agent, from independent legal counsel to the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 

(o) Closing Fees, Expenses, Etc. Each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received for its own account all fees,
costs and expenses due and payable to it on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the Fee Letter (including the upfront fees related to each Loan), the Summary of Terms and Section 14.03, including all reasonable closing
costs and fees and all unpaid reasonable expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders incurred in connection with the Transactions (including the Administrative Agents and the Lenders reasonable and documented out-of-pocket legal fees and expenses) in excess of the Expense Deposit (if applicable). 

(p) Anti-Terrorism Laws. The Administrative Agent shall have received, as applicable, all documentation and other information required
by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the U.S.A. Patriot Act. 

(q) Material Adverse Change. No Material Adverse Change shall have occurred since December 31, 2023. 

(r) Satisfactory Legal Form. All documents executed or submitted pursuant hereto by or on behalf of each Obligor or any of its
respective Subsidiaries shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent and its counsel, and the Administrative Agent and its counsel shall have received all information, approvals, resolutions, opinions, documents
or instruments as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request. 

6.02Conditions to the Borrowing of the Delayed Draw
Loan. The obligation of the Lenders to make the Delayed Draw Loan shall be subject to the prior making of the Initial Loan, the delivery of a Borrowing Notice for such Delayed Draw Loan as required pursuant to
Section 2.02(a), and the satisfaction of each of the conditions precedent set forth below in this Section 6.02. 

48 

(a) Delayed Draw Date. The Delayed Draw Date shall have occurred on or before
July 14, 2027. 

(b) Delayed Draw Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated as of the
Delayed Draw Date and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (the Delayed Draw Certificate), duly executed and delivered by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, in which certificate the
Borrower shall certify, represent and warrant, agree and acknowledge, among other things, that (i) both immediately before and after giving effect to the Delayed Draw Loan, (x) the representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement
and each other Loan Document shall, in each case, be true and correct in all material respects as of such date, except for any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect which such
representation and warranty shall, in each case, be true and correct in all respects as of such date (except for any such representation and warranty that by its terms is made only as of an earlier date, which representation and warranty shall
remain true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, except for any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, which such representation and warranty shall remain true
and correct in all respects as of such earlier date) and (y) no Default shall have then occurred and be continuing, or would result from the Delayed Draw Loan to be advanced on the Delayed Draw Date, and (ii) the conditions set forth in
Section 6.02 have been satisfied (other than any conditions required to be satisfied by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders); provided that, with respect to the certification referenced in clause
(x) above relating to representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (1) references in such representations and warranties to the Closing Date or the date hereof shall be
deemed to be references to the Delayed Draw Date, and (2) the Borrower may supplement the Disclosure Letter, the Security Agreement Disclosure Letter (as defined in the Security Agreement) and the other Loan Documents as reasonably
necessary in order for such certification to be true and correct; provided, further, that no such supplement shall be permitted in the event that the Administrative Agent reasonably determines that the circumstance or event
necessitating such supplement constituted a Material Adverse Effect or (with respect to any supplement that does not reflect an action or transaction permitted pursuant to this Agreement) was otherwise materially adverse to the interests of the
Lenders under the Loan Documents. 

(c) Delayed Draw Borrowing Milestone. For any period of twelve consecutive months ended prior to
the Delayed Draw Date, consolidated Revenue of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be at least [***] and the Borrower shall have delivered evidence thereof reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(d) Delayed Draw Date Warrant Certificate. The Initial Lender shall have received an executed counterpart of a Warrant Certificate,
dated as of the Closing Date, exercisable in the aggregate into 1,406,250 shares of the Borrowers common stock with an exercise price equal to the average closing price of the Borrowers common stock for the five (5) trading days
immediately preceding the Delayed Draw Date, duly executed, delivered and validly issued by the Borrower. 

(e) Delivery of Notes.
Each Lender that has requested a Note shall have received a Note, dated as of the Delayed Draw Date, duly executed and delivered by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 

49 

(f) Material Adverse Change. No Material Adverse Change shall have occurred since
December 31, 2023. 

(g) Fees, Expenses, Etc. Each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall have received for its own
account all fees, costs and expenses due and payable to it on or prior to the Delayed Draw Date pursuant to the Fee Letter (including the upfront fees related to each Loan) and Section 14.03 (including the Administrative
Agents and the Lenders reasonable and documented out-of-pocket legal fees and expenses). 

(h) Satisfactory Legal Form. All documents executed or submitted pursuant hereto by or on behalf of the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Administrative Agent and its counsel, and the Administrative Agent and its counsel shall have received all information, approvals, resolutions, opinions, documents or
instruments as the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request. 

SECTION 7 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 

7.01Power and Authority. Each of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (i) is duly organized and validly existing under the Laws of its
jurisdiction of organization, (ii) has all requisite corporate or equivalent power, and has all Governmental Approvals necessary to own its assets and carry on its business as now being or as proposed to be conducted, except to the extent that
failure to have the same could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) is qualified to do business and is in good standing (in each case to the extent such concepts are applicable) in all jurisdictions in which the
nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary and where failure so to qualify (either individually or in the aggregate) could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (iv) has full power,
authority and legal right to enter into and perform its obligations under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to borrow the Loans hereunder. 

7.02Authorization; Enforceability. The Transactions are within each Obligors corporate or equivalent powers and have been duly authorized
by all necessary corporate or other equivalent action on the part of such Obligor and, if required, by all necessary shareholder action on the part of such Obligor. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each Obligor and constitutes,
and each of the other Loan Documents to which such Obligor is a party when executed and delivered by such Obligor will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor, enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms,
except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws of general applicability affecting the enforcement of creditors rights and (ii) the application of general
principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). 

50 

7.03Governmental and Other Approvals; No Conflicts. The Transactions (i) do not require
any Governmental Approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority or any third party on the part of any Obligor, except for (x) such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and
(y) filings and recordings in respect of the Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents, (ii) will not violate any Law applicable to any Obligor or the Organic Documents of any Obligor or any order of any Governmental Authority
binding on any Obligor, other than any such violations that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) will not violate or result in a default under any indenture, material
agreement or other material Contract binding upon any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or assets, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any such Person, and (iv) will not result in the creation or imposition
of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any asset of any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries. 

7.04 Financial Statements; Material Adverse Change.

(a) Financial Statements. The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders certain consolidated financial statements as
provided for in Section 6.01(d). Such financial statements, and all other financial statements delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent (whether prior to the Closing Date or pursuant to
Section 8.01) present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance
with GAAP, subject to year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes in the case of the financial statements of the type described in Section 8.01(b). Neither the Borrower
nor any of its Subsidiaries has any material contingent liabilities or unusual forward or long-term commitments not disclosed in the aforementioned financial statements that are required to be reflected in the financial statements prepared in
accordance with GAAP that are not so reflected. 

(b) No Material Adverse Change. Since December 31, 2023, there has been no
Material Adverse Change. 

7.05Properties. 

(a) Property Generally. Each Obligor and each of its Subsidiaries has good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all its real and
personal property material to its business, subject only to Permitted Liens and except for minor defects in title that (i) do not interfere with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their
intended purposes and (ii) could not reasonably be expected to prevent or interfere with the ability of any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries to conduct any Product Development and Commercialization Activities with respect to any of its
Products. 

(b) Intellectual Property. 

(i) Schedule 7.05(b) to the Disclosure Letter contains, with respect to each Obligor and each of its Subsidiaries: 

(A) a complete and accurate list of all Patents owned by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries, including the jurisdiction and patent or
application number; 

(B) a complete and accurate list of all Trademarks owned by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries, including the
jurisdiction, trademark application or registration number and the application or registration date; and 

51 

(C) a complete and accurate list of all applied for or registered Copyrights owned by any
Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries. 

(ii) Each Obligor is the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title and interest in and to the
Obligor Intellectual Property that it owns or purports to own, with no breaks in chain of title and with good and marketable title, free and clear of any Liens or Claims of any kind whatsoever other than Permitted Liens, and each Obligor has the
right to use all Obligor Intellectual Property. Without limiting the foregoing, and except as set forth in Schedule 7.05(b) to the Disclosure Letter: 

(A) other than with respect to the Material Agreements, or as permitted by Section 9.02,
Section 9.03 or Section 9.09 no Obligor nor any of its Subsidiaries has transferred ownership of Material Intellectual Property, in whole or in part, to any Person who is not an Obligor; 

(B) other than (i) the Material Agreements, (ii) customary restrictions in in-bound
licenses of Intellectual Property and non-disclosure agreements, or (iii) as would have been or is permitted by Section 9.02, Section 9.03 or
Section 9.09, there are no judgments, covenants not to sue, licenses, Liens (other than Permitted Liens), Claims, or other Contracts relating to any Material Intellectual Property, including any development, submission,
services, research, license or support agreements, which bind, obligate or otherwise restrict in any material manner any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any such Material Intellectual Property; 

(C) neither the use by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries of any of such Persons Intellectual Property, nor the operations by any
such Person of its business, violates, infringes or interferes with or constitutes a misappropriation of any valid rights arising under any Intellectual Property of any other Person, other than any such violations, infringements, misappropriations
and interferences that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(D) except
as set forth in Schedule 7.05(b) to the Disclosure Letter, there are no pending or, to the Borrowers Knowledge, threatened Claims (in writing) against any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries asserted by any other Person relating to such
Obligors or such Subsidiarys Intellectual Property, including any Claims of adverse ownership, invalidity, infringement, misappropriation, violation or other opposition to or conflict with such Intellectual Property that could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; no Obligor nor any Subsidiary of such Obligor has received any written notice from any Person that such Obligors or such Subsidiarys business, the use of such Obligors or such
Subsidiarys Intellectual Property, or the manufacture, use or sale of any Product or the performance of any service by any such Person infringes upon, violates or constitutes a misappropriation of, or may infringe upon, violate or constitute a
misappropriation of, or otherwise interfere with, any other Intellectual Property of any other Person; 

52 

(E) except as set forth in Schedule 7.05(b) to the Disclosure Letter, to the
Knowledge of such Obligor, no Obligor Intellectual Property is being infringed, violated, misappropriated or otherwise used by any other Person without the express authorization of such Obligor, and without limiting the foregoing, except as set
forth in Schedule 7.05(b) to the Disclosure Letter, no Obligor nor any of its Subsidiaries has put any other Person on notice of actual or potential infringement, violation or misappropriation of any of the Obligor Intellectual Property; no
Obligor nor any of its Subsidiaries has initiated the enforcement of any Claim with respect to any of the Obligor Intellectual Property; 

(F) all current and former employees and contractors of each Obligor who as part of their employment or engagement with such Obligor were or
are involved in the creation or development of Obligor Intellectual Property have executed written confidentiality and invention assignment Contracts with the Borrower that irrevocably assign to the Borrower or its designee all of their rights to
any Inventions relating to the Borrowers business that are conceived or reduced to practice by such employees within the scope of their employment or by such contractors within the scope of their contractual relationship with the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries, to the extent permitted by Law; 

(G) the Obligor Intellectual Property is all the Intellectual Property
necessary to make, use, sell or offer to sell any Products or service of the Borrowers consolidated business as it is currently conducted or as currently contemplated to be conducted as of the date hereof; 

(H) each Obligor and each of its Subsidiaries has taken commercially reasonable precautions to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value
of Material Intellectual Property consisting of trade secrets and confidential information; 

(I) each Obligor and each of its
Subsidiaries has delivered to the Administrative Agent accurate and complete copies of all Material Agreements relating to the Obligor Intellectual Property; and 

(J) there are no pending or, to the Borrowers Knowledge, threatened Claims against the Obligors or any of their Subsidiaries asserted
by any other Person relating to the Material Agreements, including any Claims of breach or default under such Material Agreements. 

(iii)
With respect to the Obligor Intellectual Property consisting of Patents, except as set forth in Schedule 7.05(b) to the Disclosure Letter, and without limiting the representations and warranties in
Section 7.05(b)(ii): 

(A) each of the issued claims in such Patents is valid and enforceable; 

(B) the named inventors claimed in such Patents have executed written Contracts with the Borrower or the applicable Obligor or its predecessor-in-interest that properly and irrevocably assign to the Borrower, such Obligor or such
predecessor-in-interest all of their rights, title and interest to any of the Inventions claimed in such Patents to the extent permitted by applicable Law; 

(C) none of the Patents, or the Inventions claimed in them, have been dedicated to the public except for dedications that, individually or in
the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

53 

(D) all prior art material to the Patents listed on Schedule 7.05(b) to the
Disclosure Letter was adequately disclosed to the respective patent offices during prosecution of such Patents to the extent required by applicable Law; 

(E) subsequent to the issuance of such Patents, neither any Obligor nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any of their respective predecessors in
interest, have filed any disclaimer or filed any other voluntary reduction in the scope of the Inventions claimed in such Patents; 

(F)
except as expressly indicated on Schedule 7.05(b) to the Disclosure Letter, no allowable or allowed subject matter of such Patents is subject to any competing conception claims of allowable or allowed subject matter of any patent applications
or patents of any third party and have not been the subject of any interference, re-examination, opposition or any other post-grant proceedings, nor is there basis for any such interference, re-examination, opposition or any other post-grant proceedings; 

(G) no such Patents have ever been
finally adjudicated to be invalid, unpatentable or unenforceable for any reason in any administrative, arbitration, judicial or other proceeding, and, with the exception of publicly available documents in the applicable patent office recorded with
respect to any Patents, no Obligor nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice asserting that such Patents are invalid, unpatentable or unenforceable; if any of such Patents is terminally disclaimed to another patent or patent application,
all patents and patent applications subject to such terminal disclaimer are included in the Collateral; 

(H) no Obligor nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received a written opinion of counsel, whether preliminary in nature or qualified in any manner, which concludes that a challenge to the validity or enforceability of any of such Patents is more likely than not to succeed; 

(I) no Obligor nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the Knowledge of such Obligor, any prior owner of such Patents, or their respective
agents or representatives, have engaged in any conduct, or omitted to perform any necessary act, the result of which would invalidate or render unpatentable or unenforceable any such Patents; and 

(J) all maintenance fees, annuities, and the like due or payable on the Patents have been timely paid or the failure to so pay was the result
of an intentional decision by the applicable Obligor or its Subsidiary or would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Change. 

(c) Material Intellectual Property. Schedule 7.05(c) to the Disclosure Letter contains an accurate list of the Obligor
Intellectual Property that is material to the Borrowers current consolidated business with an indication as to whether the applicable Obligor owns or has an exclusive or non-exclusive license to such
Obligor Intellectual Property. 

7.06No Actions or Proceedings. 

(a) Litigation. There is no litigation, investigation or proceeding pending or, to the Borrowers Knowledge, threatened with
respect to the Borrower of any of its Subsidiaries by or before any Governmental Authority or arbitrator (i) that either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, except as specified in
Schedule 7.06(a) to the Disclosure Letter or (ii) that involves this Agreement or the Transactions. 

54 

(b) Environmental Matters. The operations and property of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries comply with all applicable Environmental Laws, except to the extent the failure to so comply (either individually or in the aggregate) could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Labor Matters. There are no strikes, lockouts or other material labor disputes against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or,
to the Borrowers Knowledge, threatened against the Borrower or any such Subsidiary, and no significant unfair labor practice complaint is pending against the Borrower or any such Subsidiary or, to the Borrowers Knowledge, threatened
against any of them before any Governmental Authority. Except as set forth on Schedule 7.06(c) to the Disclosure Letter, neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any collective bargaining agreements or Contracts, no
union representation exists on any facilities of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and, to the Borrowers Knowledge, no union organizing activities are taking place in respect thereof. 

7.07Compliance with Laws and Agreements. 

(a) Each of the Obligors and its Subsidiaries is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws and all Contracts binding
upon it or its property (including with respect to each Product and all Product Development and Commercialization Activities); provided that, for purposes of this Section 7.07, the term property shall not
include Intellectual Property, which is covered by Section 7.05. 

(b) Any physician, other licensed healthcare
professional, or any other Person who is in a position to refer patients or other business to any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, a Referral Source) who has a direct ownership, investment, or financial
interest in such Obligor or such Subsidiary paid fair market value for such ownership, investment or financial interest; any ownership or investment returns distributed by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries to any Referral Source is in
proportion to such Referral Sources ownership, investment or financial interest; and no preferential treatment or more favorable terms were or are offered to such Referral Source by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries compared to investors
or owners who are not in a position to refer patients or other business. No Obligor, nor any of its respective Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, has Guaranteed any Indebtedness, made a payment toward any Indebtedness or otherwise subsidized any
Indebtedness for any Referral Source including, without limitation, any Indebtedness related to financing the Referral Sources ownership, investment or financial interest in such Obligor or such Subsidiary. 

(c) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except where noncompliance individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect: 

55 

(i) all financial relationships between or among any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries, on
the one hand, and any Referral Source, on the other hand (i) comply with all applicable Healthcare Laws including, without limitation, the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark Law and applicable state antikickback and self-referral laws;
(ii) reflect fair market value, have commercially reasonable terms and were negotiated at arms length; and (iii) do not obligate the Referral Source to purchase, use, recommend or arrange for the use of any products or services of
any Obligor or any of its respective Subsidiaries; and 

(ii) each Obligor and each of its Subsidiaries has, to the extent required by
applicable Law, implemented policies and procedures designed to monitor, collect, and report any payments or transfers of value to certain healthcare providers and teaching hospitals, in accordance with industry standards and the Affordable Care Act
of 2010 and its implementing regulations and any applicable state disclosure and transparency laws. 

(d) The Obligors and their
Subsidiaries are in compliance with 21 CFR 210-211 and 21 CFR 600-610.

7.08Taxes. Except as set forth on Schedule 7.08 to the Disclosure Letter, the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries has timely filed or
caused to be filed all U.S. federal income tax returns and all other material state, local and foreign Tax returns and reports required to have been filed by it and has paid or caused to be paid all material Taxes required to have been paid by it,
except Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which the Borrower has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP. 

7.09Full Disclosure. None of the representations or warranties made by any Obligor in any of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, as of
the date such representations and warranties are made or deemed made, and none of the statements contained in any exhibit, report, statement or certificate furnished by or on behalf of any Obligor in connection with the Loan Documents, taken as a
whole, contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading as of the time
when made or delivered; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions it believed to be reasonable at the time (it being
understood that such projected financial information is not reviewed as facts, and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such projections may differ from the projected results and such differences may be material). 

7.10Regulation. 

(a)
Investment Company Act. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

(b) Margin Stock. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in
the business of extending credit for the purpose, whether immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying Margin Stock, and no part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used to buy or carry any Margin Stock in violation of Regulation T, U
or X. 

56 

7.11Solvency. The Borrower is (and, immediately after giving effect to any Borrowing and the
use of proceeds thereof, will be) Solvent. The Obligors, taken as a whole, are (and, immediately after giving effect to the Borrowing and the use of proceeds thereof, will be) Solvent. 

7.12Equity Holders; Subsidiaries and Investments. 

(a) Set forth on Schedule 7.12(a) to the Disclosure Letter is a complete and correct list of any direct and indirect Subsidiaries of
the Borrower. Each such Subsidiary is duly organized and validly existing under the jurisdiction of its organization shown in said Schedule 7.12(a) to the Disclosure Letter, and the percentage ownership by the Borrower (or any of its
Subsidiaries) of each such Subsidiary is as shown in said Schedule 7.12(a) to the Disclosure Letter. 

(b) Set forth on Schedule
7.12(b) to the Disclosure Letter is a complete and correct list of all other Equity Interests (other than Investments permitted under Section 9.05(d)) held by each Obligor in any Person that is not a direct or indirect
Subsidiary of the Borrower. Such Schedule 7.12(b) to the Disclosure Letter also sets forth, in reasonable detail, the type of Equity Interest (other than Investments permitted under Section 9.05(d)) held by each such
Obligor in such Person and the fully-diluted percentage ownership held beneficially by such Obligor in such Person. 

7.13Indebtedness and
Liens. Set forth in the Information and Collateral Certificate is a complete and correct list of all (i) Indebtedness of the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries outstanding and (ii) Liens granted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
with respect to their respective property and outstanding. 

7.14Material Agreements. Set forth on Schedule 7.14 to the Disclosure
Letteris a complete and correct list of (i) each Material Agreement and (ii) each Contract creating or evidencing any Material Indebtedness (excluding the Loan Documents and any Material Indebtedness that will be repaid on the
Closing Date pursuant to Section 6.01). Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries is in material default under any such Material Agreement or Contract creating or evidencing any Material Indebtedness. Except as
otherwise disclosed on Schedule 7.14 to the Disclosure Letter, all material vendor purchase Contracts and provider Contracts of the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries are in full force and effect without material modification from the form
in which the same were disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 

7.15Restrictive Agreements. Neither the Borrower nor any of
its Subsidiaries is subject to any Restrictive Agreement, except those listed on Schedule 7.15 to the Disclosure Letter or otherwise permitted under Section 9.11. 

7.16Real Property. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries owns or leases (as tenant thereof) any real property, except as described
on Schedule 7.16 to the Disclosure Letter. 

7.17Pension Matters. Schedule 7.17 to the Disclosure Letter sets forth a complete
and correct list of, and that separately identifies, (i) any Title IV Plans (other than a 401(k) plan) and (ii) any Multiemployer Plans relating to any Obligor and each of its ERISA Affiliates. Each such Benefit Plan, and each trust
thereunder, intended to qualify for tax exempt status under Section 401 or 501 of the Code or other Law so qualifies. Except for those that would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (x) each
such Benefit Plan is in material compliance with applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and any other applicable Law; (y) there are no 

57 

existing or pending (or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, threatened) Claims (other than Claims for benefits in the normal course), sanctions, actions, lawsuits or other proceedings or
investigations involving any Benefit Plan with respect to which any Obligor or Subsidiary thereof has incurred or otherwise has or would reasonably be expected to have an obligation or any liability; and (z) no ERISA Event is reasonably
expected to occur. The Borrower and each of its ERISA Affiliates has met all applicable requirements under the ERISA Funding Rules with respect to any Title IV Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the ERISA Funding Rules has
been applied for or obtained. As of the most recent valuation date for any Title IV Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is at least 60%, and neither the Borrower nor any of its ERISA
Affiliates knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage to fall below 60% as of the most recent valuation date. Except for those that would not, in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no ERISA Event has occurred in connection with which obligations and liabilities (contingent or otherwise) remain outstanding. Except for such liabilities that would not, in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no ERISA Affiliate would have any Withdrawal Liability as a result of a complete withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan on the date this representation is made. 

7.18Collateral; Security Interest. Each Security Document is effective to create in favor of the Secured Parties legal, valid and enforceable
security interests in the Collateral subject thereto to the extent required by the applicable Security Document, which security interests are perfected and first-priority (subject only to Permitted Liens). 

7.19Regulatory Approvals. 

(a)
Each Obligor and each of its Subsidiaries holds, either directly or through licensees and agents, all Regulatory Approvals and Product Authorizations necessary or required for such Obligor and its Subsidiaries to conduct its operations and
businesses in the manner currently conducted or as currently contemplated to be conducted as of the date hereof, including all Product Development and Commercialization Activities related thereto except where the failure to hold such Regulatory
Approval or Product Authorization could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) Set forth on Schedule
7.19(b) to the Disclosure Letter is a complete and accurate list of all material Regulatory Approvals granted or held by each Obligor and each of its Subsidiaries, for the conduct of their business (including all Product Development and
Commercialization Activities) and each of their Products (on a per Product basis). All such Regulatory Approvals are (i) legally and beneficially owned or held exclusively by such Obligors or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, free and clear
of all Liens other than Permitted Liens, (ii) validly registered and on file with the applicable Governmental Authority, in material compliance with all registration, filing and maintenance requirements (including any fee requirements) thereof,
and (iii) in good standing, valid and enforceable with the applicable Governmental Authority in all material respects. 

58 

(c) (i) All material regulatory filings, notices, registrations, listings, reports and other
Regulatory Approvals required to be filed or made by any Regulatory Authority or in respect of any Regulatory Approval or Product Authorization with respect to any Product or any Product Development and Commercialization Activities have been made,
and all such filings are complete and correct in all material respects and have complied in all material respects with all applicable Law, (ii) all clinical and pre-clinical trials, if any, of
investigational Products have been and are being conducted by each Obligor according to all applicable Law in all material respects along with appropriate monitoring of clinical investigator trial sites for their compliance, and (iii) each
Obligor has disclosed to the Lenders all such material regulatory filings and all material communications between representatives of each Obligor and any Regulatory Authority. 

(d) Except as set forth on Schedule 7.19(d) to the Disclosure Letter, and without limiting the generality of any other representation
or warranty made by any Obligor hereunder or under any other Loan Document: (i) all Products and all Product Development and Commercialization Activities comply in all material respects with (A) all applicable Law of the FDA and each other
applicable Regulatory Authority, whether U.S. or non-U.S., and (B) all Product Authorizations and other Regulatory Approvals; (ii) no Obligor, nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of the
Borrower, any of their respective agents, suppliers, licensors or licensees have received any adverse inspection reports, warning letters or notices or similar documents with respect to any Product or any Product Development and Commercialization
Activities from any Regulatory Authority within the last three (3) years that assert lack of compliance with any applicable Law or Regulatory Approvals or other orders, injunctions, or decrees; (iii) no Obligor, nor any of its Subsidiaries
nor, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, any of their respective agents, suppliers, licensors or licensees have received any notification from any Regulatory Authority within the last three (3) years, asserting that any Product or any Product
Development and Commercialization Activities lacks a required Regulatory Approval or Product Authorization; (iv) there is no pending regulatory enforcement action, investigation or inquiry (other than
non-material routine or periodic inspections or reviews) against any Obligor, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, any of their respective suppliers, licensors or licensees with
respect to any Product or any Product Development and Commercialization Activities, and, to the Knowledge of any Obligor, there is no reasonable basis for any adverse regulatory action against such Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the
Knowledge of the Borrower, any of their respective suppliers agents, licensors or licensees with respect to any Product or any Product Development and Commercialization Activities; and (v) without limiting the foregoing, (A) (1) there have
been no product recalls, safety alerts, reportable field corrections, market withdrawals, marketing approval or clearance suspensions, removals or similar action conducted, undertaken or issued by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries, whether
voluntary, at the request, demand or order of any Regulatory Authority or otherwise, with respect to any Product or any Product Development and Commercialization Activities within the last three (3) years, (2) no such product recall,
safety alert, reportable field correction, market withdrawal, marketing approval or clearance suspension, removal or similar action has been requested, demanded or ordered by any Regulatory Authority within the last three (3) years, and, to the
Knowledge of the Borrower, there is no reasonable basis for the issuance of any such product recall, safety alert, reportable field correction, market withdrawal, marketing approval or clearance suspension, removal or similar action with respect to
any Product or any Product Development and Commercialization Activities, and (B) no criminal, injunctive, seizure, detention or civil penalty action has been commenced or threatened in writing by any Regulatory Authority within the last three
(3) years with respect to or in connection with any Product or any Product Development and Commercialization Activities, there are no consent decrees (including plea agreements) that relate to any Product or any Product Development and
Commercialization Activities, and, to the 

59 

Knowledge of the Borrower, there is no reasonable basis for the commencement of any criminal injunctive, seizure, detention or civil penalty action by any Regulatory Authority relating to any
Product or any Product Development and Commercialization Activities or for the issuance of any consent decree. No Obligor nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Knowledge of any Obligor, any of their respective agents, suppliers, licensees or
licensors is employing or utilizing the services of any individual who has been debarred or suspended under any applicable Law. 

(e)
Neither any Obligor nor, to the Knowledge of such Obligor, any officer, employee or agent thereof, has made an untrue statement of a material fact or fraudulent statements to the FDA or any other Regulatory Authority, failed to disclose a material
fact required to be disclosed to the FDA or any other Regulatory Authority, or committed an act, made a statement, or failed to make a statement that, at the time such disclosure was made (or was not made), could reasonably be expected to provide a
basis for the FDA or any such other Regulatory Authority to invoke its policy respecting Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts, Bribery and Illegal Gratuities, set forth in 56 Fed. Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991) or any similar policy. 

(f) The clinical, preclinical, safety and other studies and tests conducted by or on behalf of or sponsored by each Obligor or any of its
Subsidiaries, were (and if still pending, are) being conducted materially in accordance with standard medical and scientific research procedures and all applicable Regulatory Approvals and Product Authorizations. No Obligor nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received any written notices or other correspondence from the FDA or any such other Regulatory Authority requiring the termination or suspension of any clinical, preclinical, safety or other studies or tests used to support
regulatory clearance of, or any Product Authorization or Regulatory Approval for, any Product or any Product Development and Commercialization Activities. 

7.20Transactions with Affiliates. Except as set forth on Schedule 7.20 to the Disclosure Letter or otherwise permitted under
Section 9.10, neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries has entered into, renewed, extended or been a part to, any transaction (including the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of property or assets of any
kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any Affiliate during the three-year period prior to the Closing Date. 

7.21OFAC. No
Obligor, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, any of their respective directors, officers or employees nor, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, any agents or other persons acting on behalf of any of the foregoing
(i) is currently the target of any Sanctions, (ii) is located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction, (iii) is or has been (within the previous five years) engaged in any transaction with, or for the benefit of, any
Person who is now or was then the target of Sanctions or who is located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or (iv) is or has ever been in violation of or subject to an investigation relating to Sanctions. No Loan, nor the
proceeds from any Loan, has been or will be used, directly or indirectly, to lend, contribute or provide to, or has been or will be otherwise made available to fund, any activity or business in any Designated Jurisdiction or to fund any activity or
business of any Person located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or who is the subject of any Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in any violation by any Person (including the Administrative Agent and its
Affiliates) of Sanctions. 

60 

7.22Anti-Corruption. No Obligor, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the Knowledge of the
Borrower, any of their respective directors, officers, or employees nor, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, any agents or other persons acting on behalf of any of the foregoing, directly or indirectly, has (i) violated or is in violation of any
applicable anti-corruption Law, (ii) made, offered to make, promised to make or authorized the payment or giving of, directly or indirectly, any Prohibited Payment or (iii) been subject to any investigation by any Governmental Authority
with regard to any actual or alleged Prohibited Payment. 

7.23Deposit and Disbursement Accounts. Schedule 7.23 to the Disclosure
Letter contains a list of all banks and other financial institutions at which any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries maintains Deposit Accounts, lockboxes, disbursement accounts, investment accounts or other similar accounts, and such Schedule
correctly identifies the name and address of each bank or financial institution, the name in which the account is held, the type of account, and the complete account number therefor. 

7.24Royalty and Other Payments. Except as set forth on Schedule 7.24 to the Disclosure Letter, no Obligor nor any of its Subsidiaries is
obligated to pay any royalty, milestone payment, deferred payment or any other contingent payment in respect of any Product. 

SECTION 8 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

Each Obligor jointly and severally covenants and agrees with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that, until the Commitments have expired
or been terminated and all Obligations (other than Warrant Obligations and contingent obligations as to which no claims have been asserted) have been paid in full in cash: 

8.01Financial Statements and Other Information. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent: 

(a) [Reserved]. 

(b) As soon as
available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year (excluding the fourth fiscal quarter of any year), commencing with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025, the consolidated balance sheets of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such
quarter, all in reasonable detail and setting forth in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period in the preceding fiscal year, together with a certificate of a Responsible Officer or the Designated Signatory of the Borrower stating
that such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at such date and the results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the period ended
on such date and have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to changes resulting from normal, year-end audit adjustments and except for the absence of notes. 

61 

(c) As soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year,
commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, the consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders equity and
cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and setting forth in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, accompanied by a report and opinion thereon of KPMG or another firm of
independent certified public accountants of recognized national standing reasonably acceptable to the Lenders, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, and shall not be subject to any going
concern or like qualification (other than a going concern qualification arising solely as a result of (x) the pending maturity of the Loans or (y) an anticipated breach of the financial covenants set forth in
Section 10) or other exception as to the scope of such audit. 

(d) Together with the financial statements
required pursuant to Sections 8.01(b) and (c), a compliance certificate of a Responsible Officer or the Designated Signatory as of the end of the applicable accounting period, substantially in the form of Exhibit E (a
Compliance Certificate) including details of any issues that are material that are raised by the Borrowers auditors. 

(e) As soon as available and in any event no later than one hundred twenty (120) days following the end of each fiscal year of the
Borrower (commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024), copies of an annual budget (or equivalent) for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, approved by the Board, for the then current fiscal year, in form reasonably satisfactory to
the Administrative Agent, accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (in his or her capacity as an officer of the Borrower and not in his or her individual capacity) that the projections on which such budget was
based are based on reasonable estimates, information and assumptions at the time and that such Responsible Officer has no reason to believed that such projections are incorrect or misleading in any material respect. 

(f) Within five (5) Business Days following the end of each calendar month, and from time to time upon the Administrative Agents
written request at any time, proof of the Borrowers compliance with Section 10.01. 

(g) [Reserved] 

(h) Promptly, and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after receipt thereof by any Responsible Officer of the Borrower, copies of
each notice or other correspondence received from any securities regulator or exchange to the authority of which the Borrower may become subject from time to time concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such agency
regarding financial or other operational results of such Obligor (other than routine comments on the Borrowers public filings from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission). 

(i) Promptly following the Administrative Agents request at any time, the information regarding insurance maintained by the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries as required under Section 8.05. 

(j) Promptly following the Administrative Agents
reasonable request at any time, proof of the Borrowers compliance with Section 10.02. 

62 

(k) As soon as possible and in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the
Borrower obtains Knowledge of any return, recovery, dispute or Claim related to any Product or inventory that involves more than $1,000,000, written notice thereof from a Responsible Officer of the Borrower which notice shall set forth in reasonable
detail the basis for such return, recovery, dispute or Claim. 

(l) Such other information respecting the operations, properties, business
or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including with respect to the Collateral) as the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request. 

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to clauses(b) and (c) of this
Section 8.01 may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which such documents are filed for public availability on the Securities and Exchange Commissions
Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower acknowledges that the Administrative Agent or
the Lenders may not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and the Administrative Agent, the
Lenders or their respective personnel may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Borrower covenants and agrees that, for purposes of both this
Section 8.01 and Section 8.02 below, neither the Borrower nor any Person acting on its behalf will provide, or become obligated to provide, the Administrative Agent or any Lender or their
respective representatives or agents with any information that the Borrower reasonably believes constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto, such receiving Person shall have confirmed to
the Borrower in writing that it consents to receive such information; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the information required to be delivered pursuant to (i) clauses (b), (c), (d), (h), and
(l) of Section 8.01 and (ii) clauses(a), (i), (l), (m) and (l) of Section 8.02 shall be furnished and delivered to the
Administrative Agent as provided herein whether or not such information qualifies as material non-public information. 

8.02Notices of Material Events. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent written notice of the following promptly, but in any
event within five Business Days (or within such applicable time period set forth in the individual clause), after a Responsible Officer of any Obligor first learns of the existence of: 

(a) The occurrence of any Default. 

(b) The occurrence of any event with respect to its property or assets resulting in an uninsured Loss aggregating $1,000,000 (or the
Equivalent Amount in other currencies) or more. 

(c) The occurrence of any event or circumstance giving rise to (or reasonably expected to
give rise to) any environmental liability under applicable Environmental Laws resulting in an uninsured Loss aggregating $1,000,000 (or the Equivalent Amount in other currencies) or more, including any action, suit, Claim, notice of violation,
hearing, investigation or proceeding pending, or, to the Knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or with respect to the ownership, use, maintenance and operation of their respective
businesses, operations or properties, relating to Environmental Laws or Hazardous Materials. 

63 

(d) The filing or commencement of any action, suit or proceeding by or before any arbitrator
or Governmental Authority against or, to Borrowers Knowledge, affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or Material Regulatory Event.

(e) (i) Except to the extent it could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, on or prior to any filing by any
ERISA Affiliate of any notice of intent to terminate any Title IV Plan, a copy of such notice and (ii) promptly, and in any event within ten Business Days, after any Responsible Officer of the Borrower knows or has reason to know that a request
for a minimum funding waiver under Section 412 of the Code has been filed with respect to any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan, a notice (which may be made by telephone if promptly confirmed in writing) describing such waiver request and any
action that any ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto, together with a copy of any notice filed with the PBGC or the IRS pertaining thereto. 

(f) (i) The termination of any Material Agreement other than termination at the end of its term pursuant to its express terms;
(ii) the receipt by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of any material notice under any Material Agreement (and a copy thereof); (iii) the entering into of any new Material Agreement by an Obligor (and a copy thereof); or (iv) any
material amendment to a Material Agreement (and a copy thereof), in each case of the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv), to the extent such disclosure is permitted under any applicable confidentiality restrictions thereof; provided that this
Section 8.02(f) shall not apply to purchase orders placed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business. 

(g) Within 30 days of the date thereof, or, if earlier, on the date of delivery of any financial statements pursuant to
Section 8.01, any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Obligors; provided no such notice is required if such change is disclosed in such financial statements; 

(h) Promptly after the occurrence thereof, notice of any labor controversy resulting in or threatening to result in any strike, work stoppage,
boycott, shutdown or other material labor disruption against or involving an Obligor. 

(i) Any licensing agreement or arrangement entered
into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with (or as a result of) any infringement or alleged infringement by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of the Intellectual Property of another Person. 

(j) Concurrently with the delivery of financial statements under Section 8.01(c), the creation or other acquisition
of any new Intellectual Property by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries after the date hereof and during such prior fiscal year which is registered or becomes registered by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or the subject of an application
for registration filed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with the U.S. Copyright Office or the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, as applicable, or with any other equivalent foreign Governmental Authority. 

64 

(k) Prompt notice of any change to any Obligors ownership of Deposit Accounts,
Securities Accounts and Commodity Accounts, by delivering the Administrative Agent an updated Schedule 7 to the Security Agreement setting forth a complete and correct list of all such accounts as of the date of such change. 

(l) Prompt notice of any other development that results in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect or a
Material Regulatory Event. 

To the extent applicable, each notice delivered under this Section 8.02 shall be accompanied by a
statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. 

8.03Existence; Conduct of Business. Such Obligor will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, do or cause to be done all things necessary
so that (i) each such Obligor preserves, renews and keeps in full force and effect its legal existence and remains organized and validly existing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of organization, (ii) each such Person has all requisite
corporate or equivalent power, and all Governmental Approvals, necessary to own its assets and carry on its business as now being or as proposed to be conducted, except to the extent that failure to have the same could not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) each such Person is qualified to do business and is in good standing (in each case to the extent such concepts are applicable) in all jurisdictions in which the nature of the business conducted by it makes
such qualification necessary and where failure so to qualify (either individually or in the aggregate) could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (iv) each such Person has full power, authority and legal right to perform
its obligations under each Loan Document to which it is a party; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 9.03. 

8.04Payment of Obligations. Such Obligor will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge its obligations, including
(i) all income and other material Taxes imposed upon it or upon its properties or assets prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto, and all lawful claims for labor, materials and supplies which, if unpaid, could become a Lien (other
than a Permitted Lien) upon any properties or assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except to the extent such Taxes or such claims are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and are adequately reserved against in
accordance with GAAP, and (ii) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property not constituting a Permitted Lien unless such claims are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and are adequately
reserved against in accordance with GAAP or are less than $500,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding. 

8.05Insurance. Such Obligor
will maintain, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, insurance in such amounts and against such risks as are customarily maintained by companies engaged in the same or similar
businesses operating in the same or similar locations. Upon the request of the Administrative Agent or the Majority Lenders, the Borrower shall furnish the Administrative Agent from time to time with (i) full information as to the insurance
carried by it and, if so requested, copies of all such insurance policies and (ii) evidence from the Borrowers insurance broker or other insurance specialist 

65 

stating that all premiums then due on the policies relating to insurance on the Collateral have been paid, that such policies are in full force and effect. The Borrower shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to ensure, or cause others to ensure, that all insurance policies required under this Section 8.05 shall provide that they shall not be terminated or cancelled without at least thirty (30) days
prior written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. Receipt of notice of termination or cancellation of any such insurance policies or material reduction of coverages or amounts thereunder shall entitle the Majority Lenders after
thirty (30) days have passed since receipt of such notice and the Borrower has taken no renewal action to renew any such policies, cause the coverages and amounts thereof to be maintained at levels required pursuant to the first sentence of
this Section 8.05 or otherwise to obtain similar insurance in place of such policies, in each case at the expense of the Borrower (payable on demand). The amount of any such expenses shall accrue interest at the Default
Rate if not paid within five (5) Business Days of such demand and shall constitute Obligations. 

8.06Books and Records;
Inspection Rights. Such Obligor will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries are made sufficient to prepare financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Such
Obligor will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, upon reasonable prior notice and during normal business hours, to visit and inspect its properties, to
examine and make extracts from its books and records (excluding records subject to attorney-client privilege or subject to binding confidentiality agreements with third parties or to the extent prohibited by applicable Law), and to discuss its
affairs, finances and condition with its officers and independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and during normal business hours (but not more often than once a year unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) as the
Administrative Agent or the Lenders may request. The Obligors shall pay all costs of all such inspections conducted in accordance with this Section 8.06. 

8.07Compliance with Laws and Other Obligations. Such Obligor will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) comply in all material
respects with all applicable Law (including Environmental Laws) and (ii) comply in all material respects with all terms of Indebtedness and all other Material Agreements, except in each case where the failure to do so, individually or in the
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

8.08Maintenance of Properties, Etc. Such Obligor will,
and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain and preserve all of its properties necessary in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition in accordance with the general practice of other Persons of similar character
and size, ordinary wear and tear and damage from casualty or condemnation excepted. 

8.09Licenses. Such Obligor will, and will cause each
of its Subsidiaries to, obtain and maintain all Regulatory Approvals and other Governmental Approvals necessary in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents, the consummation of the Transactions or the operation
and conduct of its business and ownership of its properties, including the ownership and use of its Products and all Product Development and Commercialization Activities related thereto, in each case, except where failure to do so could not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

66 

8.10Action under Environmental Laws. Such Obligor will, and will cause each of its
Subsidiaries to comply with applicable Environmental Laws, except where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

8.11Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans will be used only as provided in Section 2.04. No part of the proceeds
of the Loans will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, including Regulations T, U and X. 

8.12Certain Obligations Respecting Subsidiaries; Further Assurances. 

(a) Such Obligor will take such action, and will cause each of its Domestic Subsidiaries to take such action, from time to time as shall be
necessary to ensure that all Domestic Subsidiaries other than Excluded Subsidiaries are Subsidiary Guarantors hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries shall
form or acquire any new Domestic Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary), within 45 days of such acquisition or formation (as such period of time may be extended by the Administrative Agent) such Obligor will (or will cause such Subsidiary
to): 

(i) cause such new Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) to become a Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder pursuant to
a Guarantee Assumption Agreement; 

(ii) subject to the limitations set forth in the Security Agreement, take such action or cause such
Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) to take such action (including joining the Security Agreement, delivering such shares of stock together with undated transfer powers executed in blank) as shall be necessary to create and perfect valid
and enforceable first priority (subject to Permitted Liens) Liens on substantially all of the personal property of such new Subsidiary as collateral security for the obligations of such new Subsidiary hereunder to the extent such perfection actions
are required to be taken pursuant to the Security Agreement; 

(iii) subject to the limitations set forth in the Security Agreement, to the
extent that the parent of such Subsidiary is not a party to the Security Agreement or has not otherwise pledged Equity Interests in its Subsidiaries in accordance with the terms of the Security Agreement and this Agreement, cause the parent of such
Subsidiary to execute and deliver a pledge agreement in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in respect of all outstanding issued shares of such Subsidiary; and 

(iv) deliver such proof of corporate (or equivalent) action, incumbency of officers (or equivalent authorized persons), opinions of counsel
and other documents as is consistent with those delivered by each Obligor pursuant to Section 6.01 or as the Administrative Agent or the Majority Lenders shall have reasonably requested. 

(b) Further Assurances. 

(i) Such Obligor will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, take such action from time to time as shall reasonably be requested by the
Administrative Agent or the Majority Lenders to effectuate the purposes and objectives of this Agreement, subject to the limitations and qualifications set forth herein. 

67 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, but subject to the limitations and
qualifications set forth in the Loan Documents, each Obligor will, and will cause each Person that is required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor to, take such action from time to time (including executing and delivering such assignments, security
agreements, control agreements and other instruments) as shall be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Majority Lenders to create, in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, perfected security
interests and Liens in substantially all of the personal property covered by the applicable Security Documents of such Obligor and its Subsidiaries as collateral security for the Obligations; provided that any such security interest or Lien shall be
subject to the relevant requirements and limitations of the Security Documents. 

(iii) In the event that the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries acquires any real property with a value in excess of $1,000,000 during the term of this Agreement, the Borrower shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and provide the Administrative Agent with a description of such real
property, the acquisition date thereof and the purchase price therefor. Upon the request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower or any such Subsidiary shall execute and deliver a mortgage with respect to such acquired real property to secure the
Obligations. 

(c) Costs and Benefits. Notwithstanding any term or provision of this Section 8.12 to the
contrary, without limiting the right of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to require a Lien or a security interest in the Equity Interests of, or Guarantee from, any newly acquired or created Subsidiary of the Borrower, or a Lien or security
interest on any assets or properties of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may request in writing to the Administrative Agent that the Majority Lenders waive the
requirements of this Section 8.12 to provide a Lien, security interest or Guarantee, as the case may be, due to the cost or burden thereof to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (when taken as a whole) being unreasonably
excessive relative to the benefit that would inure to the Secured Parties, and describing such cost or burden in reasonable detail. Upon receipt of any such written notice, the Administrative Agent shall review and consider such request in good
faith and, within five (5) Business Days of receipt of such request, the Administrative Agent shall determine in their sole but commercially reasonable discretion, and notify the Borrower of such determination, whether the Administrative Agent
will grant such request for a waiver. With respect to any Subsidiary for which the requirement to provide a Lien, security interest or Guarantee, as the case may be, has been waived by the Administrative Agent in accordance with this
Section 8.12(c), such waiver may be terminated by the Administrative Agent if it determines in its sole but commercially reasonable discretion that the cost or burden of providing such Lien, security interest or Guarantee
is no longer unreasonably excessive relative to the benefits that would inure to the Secured Parties. If such waiver is terminated, such Subsidiary shall be required to comply with the requirements of this Section 8.12.

8.13Termination of Non-Permitted Liens. In the event that the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
shall become aware or be notified by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of the existence of any outstanding Lien against any asset or property of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, which Lien is not a Permitted Lien, the Borrower shall use
its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly terminate or cause the termination of such Lien. 

68 

8.14Intellectual Property. In the event that the Obligors acquire or create Obligor
Intellectual Property (other than Excluded Assets (as defined in the Security Agreement)) during the term of this Agreement, then the provisions of this Agreement shall automatically apply thereto and any such Obligor Intellectual Property shall
automatically constitute part of the Collateral under the Security Documents, without further action by any party, in each case from and after the date of such acquisition or creation (except that any representations or warranties of any Obligor
shall apply to any such Obligor Intellectual Property only from and after the date, if any, subsequent to such acquisition or creation that such representations and warranties are brought down or made anew as provided herein). 

8.15Litigation Cooperation. The Borrower shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to make available to the Administrative Agent, without
expense to the Administrative Agent, reasonable access to each Obligor and such Obligors officers, employees and agents and such Obligors books and records (excluding records subject to attorney-client privilege or subject to binding
confidentiality agreements with third parties or to the extent prohibited by applicable Law), to the extent that the Administrative Agent may deem them reasonably necessary to prosecute or defend any third-party suit or proceeding instituted by or
against the Administrative Agent or any Lender with respect to any Collateral, the subject of any Loan Document or relating to any Obligor. 

8.16Maintenance of Regulatory Approvals, Contracts, Intellectual Property, Etc. Each Obligor shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries (to the extent applicable) to, (i) maintain in full force and effect all Product Authorizations,
Material Agreements, Material Intellectual Property and other material rights, interests or assets (whether tangible or intangible) necessary or required for such Person to conduct its operations and businesses, in each case in all material
respects, including for any Product Development and Commercialization Activities related thereto, except, in the case of a Product Authorization, to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Regulatory
Event, (ii) promptly after obtaining knowledge thereof, notify the Administrative Agent of any material infringement, material misappropriation or other material violation by any Person of such Obligors or any such Subsidiaries
Material Intellectual Property, and pursue any such infringement or other violation, to the extent the Borrower deems it commercially reasonable to do so, (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to pursue and maintain in full force and effect
legal protection for all new Material Intellectual Property developed or controlled by the Borrower or any other Obligor, as the case may be, that is used in and necessary for the operations of the business of such Person, or in connection with any
Product Development and Commercialization Activities, (iv) notify the Administrative Agent, promptly after learning of any warning letter or untitled letter issued by the FDA or any investigation or enforcement action is initiated by the
Department of Justice or other investigatory or law enforcement body, (v) notify the Administrative Agent, promptly after learning of (x) any product recalls, safety alerts, corrections, withdrawals, marketing suspensions, removals or the
like conducted, to be undertaken or issued by the Borrower, any such Obligor or any of their respective suppliers, as the case may be, whether or not at the request, demand or order of any Governmental Authority or otherwise with respect to any
Product or any Product Development and Commercialization Activities, or (y) any reasonable basis for any Governmental Authority to undertake or issue any such material action or item, in each case for clauses (x) and (y) to
the extent such event could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (vi) except as set forth on Schedule 7.05(b), promptly after the Borrowers Knowledge thereof,

69 

notify the Administrative Agent of (x) any written claim by any Person that the conduct of the Borrowers or any such Obligors business (including any Product Development and
Commercialization Activities) infringes any Intellectual Property of such Person, or (y) any event, circumstance, act or omission that would cause any representation or warranty contained in Section 7.19 to be
incorrect in any material respect if such representation or warranty was to be made at the time such Obligor learned of such event, circumstance, act or omission. 

8.17ERISA Compliance. The Obligors will comply, and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to comply, in all material respects, with the
applicable provisions of ERISA with respect to any Plans to which any Obligor or any of its Subsidiary thereto is a party as employer, except where such noncompliance could not reasonably be expected to cause any of the Obligors nor any of their
Subsidiaries to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

8.18Cash Management. The Borrower will, and will cause each Subsidiary Guarantor to: 

(a) maintain all Deposit Accounts, disbursement accounts, investment accounts (and other similar accounts) and lockboxes with a bank or
financial institution that has executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent an Account Control Agreement; provided that no Account Control Agreement shall be required for any Excluded Account; and provided, further, that
each such Deposit Account, disbursement account, investment account (or similar account) and lockbox, other than any Excluded Account (each, a Controlled Account), shall be part of the Collateral securing payment of the
Obligations, and each Obligor shall have granted a Lien to the Administrative Agent over such Controlled Accounts; 

(b) arrange for all
cash, checks, drafts or other similar items of payment relating to or constituting Revenue generated by the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor or otherwise received in respect of Product Development and Commercialization Activities of the Borrower
or any Subsidiary Guarantor to be directly deposited into Controlled Accounts; and 

(c) cause each Controlled Account, at all times, to be
subject to a legal, valid and binding Account Control Agreement in favor of the Secured Parties; provided that upon prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Obligors may close any Controlled Account so long as the funds or assets
therein are transferred to another Controlled Account; provided, further that, with respect to any account established after the Closing Date, the Obligors shall deliver the Account Control Agreement with respect to such account within
30 days after the opening of such account. 

8.19 Intercompany Subordination Agreement. The Borrower shall cause each of its Subsidiaries, whether
now existing or created or acquired in the future, to become party to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement. 

8.20Post-Closing
Matters. To the extent not completed prior to the Closing Date, the Obligors shall satisfy the requirements set forth below on or prior to the dates set forth below (or such later date as the Administrative Agent shall agree in its sole
discretion): 

(a) The Obligors shall cause each Grantor party to the Security Agreement as of the Closing Date to use commercially
reasonable efforts to execute and deliver a Landlord Consent, substantially in the form of Exhibit E to the Security Agreement (or another form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent), with respect to any and all real property located in
the United States with value of Collateral in excess of $1,000,000 leased by such Grantor within twenty (20) Business Days following the Closing Date. 

70 

(b) Within forty (40) Business Days following the Closing Date, the Obligors shall use
commercially reasonable efforts to execute and deliver a Bailee Letter substantially in the form of Exhibit F to the Security Agreement (or another form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) for each location in the United States that
is listed on Schedule 8.20(b) of the Disclosure Letter and has a value of Collateral in excess of $1,000,000. 

(c) Within ten
(10) Business Days following the Closing Date, the Administrative Agent shall have received customary insurance certificate, evidencing coverage maintained by the Obligors. All such insurance policies required pursuant to this Section shall
name the Administrative Agent as lender loss payee (in the case of property insurance) or additional insured (in the case of liability insurance), as applicable, and provide that no cancellation of the policies will be made without the prior written
notice to the Administrative Agent. 

(d) Within ten (10) Business Days following the Closing Date, the Borrower shall have delivered
the following: 

(i) evidence that all Deposit Accounts, lockboxes, disbursement accounts, investment accounts or other similar accounts
(other than Excluded Accounts) of each Obligor are Controlled Accounts; and 

(ii) evidence that all such Controlled Accounts are subject
to one or more Account Control Agreements. 

SECTION 9 

NEGATIVE COVENANTS 

Each
Obligor jointly and severally covenants and agrees with the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that, until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and all Obligations (other than Warrant Obligations and contingent obligations as to which
no claims have been asserted) have been paid in full in cash: 

9.01Indebtedness. Such Obligor will not, and will not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness, whether directly or indirectly, except: 

(a) the Obligations;

(b) Indebtedness existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 7.13(a) to the Disclosure Letter and Permitted Refinancings
thereof; provided that, in each case, such Indebtedness is subordinated to the Obligations on terms satisfactory to the Majority Lenders; 

(c) accounts payable to trade creditors for goods and services and current operating liabilities (not the result of the borrowing of money)
incurred in the ordinary course of such Obligors or such Subsidiarys business in accordance with customary terms and paid within 60 days of the due date therefor, unless contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserved for
in accordance with GAAP; 

71 

(d) Indebtedness consisting of Guarantees resulting from endorsement of negotiable
instruments for collection by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; 

(e) (i) Indebtedness of any
Obligor owing to any other Obligor or any Subsidiary that is not an Obligor, (ii) Indebtedness of a Subsidiary that is not an Obligor owing to any other Subsidiary that is not an Obligor, and (iii) Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not
Obligors owing to Obligors in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed $1,000,000 (or the Equivalent Amount); provided that, in each case, any such Indebtedness is subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to the
Intercompany Subordination Agreement; 

(f) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries incurred to finance the acquisition,
construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets (and related software) to be used in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed
in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof; provided that (i) if any such financing is secured, the collateral therefor shall consist solely of the
assets being financed pursuant to such financing (together with additions, accessions and improvements thereto), the products and proceeds thereof and books and records related thereto, and (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all
such Indebtedness incurred pursuant to this clause (f) shall not exceed $1,000,000 (or the Equivalent Amount in other currencies) at any time outstanding in the aggregate; 

(g) Indebtedness under Hedging Agreements permitted by Section 9.05(f); 

(h) Deposits or advances received from customers in the ordinary course of business; 

(i) Indebtedness incurred in connection with letters of credit that, if secured, are secured solely by cash or cash equivalents and issued on
behalf of Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business in an aggregate amount outstanding not to exceed $5,000,000 at any time; 

(j) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof; provided that (i) such Indebtedness exists at the
time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary, and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (j) for all such
new Subsidiaries shall not exceed $500,000 at any time outstanding; 

(k) Indebtedness incurred in connection with corporate credit cards
in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $1,000,000 at any time outstanding; 

(l) Indebtedness in respect of any agreement providing
for customary treasury, depositary or cash management services, including in connection with any automated clearing house transfers of funds or any similar transfers, netting services, overdraft protections and other cash management and similar
arrangements, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

72 

(m) other unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding
not to exceed $500,000; 

(n) Indebtedness (other than for borrowed money) that may be deemed to exist pursuant to any guarantees, warranty
or contractual service obligations, performance, surety, statutory, appeal, bid, prepayment guarantee, payment (other than payment of Indebtedness) or completion of performance guarantees or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of
business; 

(o) Indebtedness incurred under insurance premium financing in the ordinary course of business and which are payable within one
(1) year, in each case in an amount not to exceed the amount of the applicable insurance premium in respect of any such policy plus interest and financing charges applicable thereto; and 

(p) prior to the Closing Date, Refinanced Debt so long as such Refinanced Debt is repaid in full on the Closing Date. 

provided that, no Indebtedness otherwise permitted by clauses (e)(iii), (j), and (m) of this
Section 9.01 shall be assumed, created or otherwise incurred if an Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing or could reasonably be expected to result therefrom. 

9.02Liens. Such Obligor will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien or security
interest on any property or asset now or in the future owned by it or such Subsidiary, or except as permitted by Sections 9.09(b), (d) and (i), except: 

(a) Liens securing the Obligations; 

(b) any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule
7.13(b) to the Disclosure Letter; provided that (i) no such Lien shall extend to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) any such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures
on the date hereof and extensions, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; 

(c)
Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 9.01(f); provided that such Liens (i) are restricted solely to the property or assets described in such clause (f) and (ii) only secure the
Indebtedness expressly permitted pursuant to such clause (f); 

(d) Liens imposed by Law which were incurred in the ordinary course
of business, including (but not limited to) carriers, landlords, warehousemens and mechanics liens and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and which (x) do not in the aggregate materially
detract from the value of the property subject thereto or materially impair the use thereof in the operations of the business of such Person or (y) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect
of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property subject to such Liens and for which adequate reserves have been made if required in accordance with GAAP; 

73 

(e) pledges or deposits made in the ordinary course of business in connection with
workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other similar social security legislation; 

(f) Liens securing Taxes, assessments
and other governmental charges, the payment of which is not yet due, or is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted and for which such reserve or other appropriate provisions, if any, as
shall be required by GAAP have been made; 

(g) servitudes, easements, rights of way, restrictions and other similar encumbrances on real
property imposed by any Law and encumbrances consisting of zoning or building restrictions, easements, licenses, restrictions on the use of property or minor imperfections in title thereto which, in the aggregate, are not material, and which do not
in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of any of the Obligors; 

(h) with respect to any real property, (i) such defects or encroachments as might be revealed by an up-to-date survey of such real property; (ii) the reservations, limitations, provisos and conditions expressed in the original grant, deed or patent of such property by the original owner of such real
property pursuant to Law; and (iii) rights of expropriation, access or use or any similar right conferred or reserved by or in any Law, which, in the aggregate for clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), are not material, and which do
not in any case materially detract from the value of the property subject thereto or interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of any of the Obligors; 

(i) bankers liens, rights of setoff and similar Liens incurred on deposits held in Deposit Accounts and on deposits and investments held
in Securities Accounts made in the ordinary course of business; 

(j) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and
leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds (other than bonds related to judgments or litigation), performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; 

(k) Liens consisting of judgment or judicial attachment Liens (other than for the payment of Taxes) that do not constitute an Event of Default
under Section 11.01(i); 

(l) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses in each case, granted to others in the
ordinary course of business (excluding licenses relating to Intellectual Property) that do not have an adverse impact in any material respect on the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or secure any Indebtedness; 

(m) Liens (i) in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection
with the importation of goods in the ordinary course of business or (ii) on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds of any Person securing such Persons obligations in respect of bankers acceptances or letters of
credit issued or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods in the ordinary course of business; 

74 

(n) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar
arrangements for sale of goods entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business permitted by this Agreement; 

(o) Liens to secure payment of workers compensation, employment insurance, old-age pensions,
social security and other like obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(p) Liens solely on any cash earnest money
deposits made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted hereunder so long as (i) the underlying proposed transaction that is subject of such letter of intent or purchase
agreement would, upon completion, constitute a Permitted Acquisition or otherwise be permitted pursuant to this Agreement, and (ii) any such Lien shall be limited solely to the cash deposit and no other assets or properties of the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries; 

(q) Liens existing on assets or property at the time of its acquisition or existing on the property of any
Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower, in each case after the date hereof, and including the replacement, modification, extension or renewal of any such Lien to the extent originally permitted by this clause upon or in
the same assets or property in connection with the replacement, modification, extension or renewal of the Indebtedness secured thereby; provided that (i) the acquisition of such assets or property or the Person that becomes a Subsidiary
of the Borrower shall qualify as a Permitted Acquisition, (ii) such Lien was not created in contemplation of such acquisition or such Person becoming a Subsidiary, (iii) such Lien does not extend to or cover any other assets or property
(other than (1) the proceeds or products of the originally secured assets or properties, (2) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien, (3) any other Permitted Lien and
(4) after-acquired property subject to a Lien securing Indebtedness and other obligations incurred prior to such time) and (iv) any Indebtedness secured by any such Lien is permitted under Section 9.01; 

(r) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto; 

(s) Cash collateral to secure Indebtedness permitted under clauses (i), (k) and (l) of
Section 9.01;

(t) other Liens securing obligations not exceeding $1,000,000.00 in the aggregate
outstanding at any time; 

(u) licenses of any Product or Intellectual Property that is permitted under
Section 9.09 and Section 9.13(b); 

(v) any interest or title of a lessor or sub-lessor under any lease to which an Obligor is a lessee or sub-lessee (other than a capital lease) or of a licensor or sub-licensor
under any license to which an Obligor is a licensee or sub-licensee, in each case permitted by this Agreement; and 

(w) prior to the Closing Date, Liens securing the Refinanced Debt. 

provided that no Lien otherwise permitted under any of clauses (b) through (t) above shall apply to any Material Intellectual
Property. 

75 

9.03Fundamental Changes and Acquisitions. Such Obligor will not, and will not permit any of
its Subsidiaries to, (i) consummate any transaction of merger, amalgamation or consolidation, (ii) liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), (iii) sell or issue any Equity Interests other than
Qualified Equity Interests, or (iv) make any Acquisition or otherwise acquire any business or substantially all the property from, or Equity Interests in, or be a party to any acquisition of, any Person, except for the following (in each case
to the extent that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or could not reasonably be expected to result therefrom): 

(a)
Investments permitted under Section 9.05(e); 

(b) (i) the merger, amalgamation, consolidation, liquidation or
dissolution of any Subsidiary Guarantor with or into any other Obligor so long as an Obligor is the surviving or resulting entity, (ii) the merger, amalgamation, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution of any Subsidiary that is not an Obligor
into an Obligor so long as an Obligor is the surviving or resulting entity, and (iii) the merger, amalgamation, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution of any Subsidiary that is not an Obligor with any other Subsidiary that is not an Obligor;

(c) (i) the sale, lease, transfer or other disposition by any Subsidiary Guarantor of any or all of its property (upon voluntary
liquidation or otherwise) to any other Obligor and (ii) the sale, lease, transfer or other disposition by any Subsidiary that is not an Obligor of any or all of its property (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to any Obligor or any
Subsidiary that is not an Obligor; 

(d) the issuance, sale, transfer or other disposition of the Equity Interest of any Subsidiary to any
Obligor or the issuance, sale, transfer or other disposition of the Equity Interests of any Excluded Subsidiary to any Obligor or other Subsidiary; 

(e) Permitted Acquisitions; and 

(f) Asset Sales permitted pursuant to Section 9.09 and outbound licenses permitted pursuant to 9.13(b). 

9.04Lines of Business. Such Obligor will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, engage to any material extent in any business
other than the business engaged in or planned to be engaged in on the date hereof by the Borrower or and its Subsidiaries or a business reasonably related or incidental thereto or constituting a reasonable extension thereof. 

9.05Investments. Such Obligor will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make, directly or indirectly, or permit to remain
outstanding any Investments except: 

(a) Investments outstanding on the date hereof and identified in Schedule 9.05 to the
Disclosure Letter; 

(b) operating Deposit Accounts and other investment accounts with banks and financial institutions that, with respect
to Controlled Accounts, comply with Section 8.18; 

76 

(c) (i) extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable
arising from the sales of goods or services in the ordinary course of business and (ii) prepaid royalties and expenses arising in the ordinary course of business; 

(d) Permitted Cash Equivalent Investments and other Investments consisting of cash equivalents permitted by the Borrowers investment
policy at the time such Investments are made, as amended or otherwise modified from time to time; provided that for purposes of this Section 9.05 any such amendments or other modifications of such investment policy
shall require the written approval of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); 

(e) (i)
Investments by any Obligor in any other Obligor, (ii) Investments by Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors in other Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors or in any Obligor, and (iii) Investments by Obligors in any
Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors in an aggregate amount for all such Investments not to exceed $500,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; 

(f) Hedging Agreements entered into in the Borrowers ordinary course of business for the purpose of hedging interest rate or currency
risks (and not for speculative purposes) and in an aggregate notional amount for all such Hedging Agreements not in excess of $500,000 (or the Equivalent Amount in other currencies); 

(g) Investments consisting of security deposits with utilities and other like Persons made in the ordinary course of business; 

(h) (i) employee loans, travel advances and Guarantees in accordance with the Borrowers usual and customary practices with respect
thereto (if permitted by Law) which in the aggregate shall not exceed $500,000 outstanding at any time (or the Equivalent Amount in other currencies) and (ii) non-cash loans to employees, officers or
directors relating to the purchase of Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower pursuant to employee stock plans approved by the Borrowers Board of Directors; 

(i) Investments received in connection with any Insolvency Proceedings in respect of any customers, suppliers or clients and in settlement of
delinquent obligations of, and other disputes with, customers, suppliers or clients; 

(j) Investments permitted under Sections 9.01(b),
(d) or (e), or Section 9.03; 

(k) non-cash Investments that are
permitted under Section 9.13(b) in joint ventures or strategic alliances in the ordinary course of the Borrowers business consisting of non-exclusive licensing of technology,
the development of technology or the providing of technical support; 

(l) Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000 in any
fiscal year of the Borrower; and 

(m) Investments received in connection with Asset Sales permitted by
Section 9.09 and made for fair market value; provided that the aggregate fair market value of all such Investments permitted by this clause (m) and made since the Closing Date shall not exceed $500,000 in
the aggregate; 

77 

provided that, no Investment otherwise permitted by clauses (e)(iii), (l) and
(m) of this Section 9.05 shall be made or assumed if an Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing or could reasonably be expected to result therefrom. 

9.06Restricted Payments. Such Obligor will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, declare or make, or agree to pay or make,
directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except: 

(a) dividends with respect to the Borrowers Equity Interests payable solely
in additional Equity Interests that constitute common stock (or the equivalent); 

(b) the Borrowers purchase, redemption,
retirement, or other acquisition of its Equity Interests with the proceeds received from a substantially concurrent issue of new shares of its Qualified Equity Interests; 

(c) dividends paid by any Subsidiary to any other Obligor or other Subsidiary that is the holder of such Subsidiarys Equity Interests;

(d) the Borrower may make Restricted Payments (i) pursuant to and in accordance with restricted stock agreements, stock option plans
or other benefit plans for management or employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or (ii) in connection with the satisfaction of withholding Tax obligations; provided that the aggregate amount of all such Restricted Payments
permitted under clause (d)(i) shall not exceed $500,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year of the Borrower; 

(e) the Borrower may
pay cash in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares; 

(f) the Borrower may honor any conversion requests in respect of any convertible
securities of the Borrower into Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of such convertible securities; 

(g) the
Borrower may honor any exercise request in respect of warrants to purchase Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of such warrants; 

(h) the Borrower may agree to pay and accrue dividends on its Equity Interests payable other than in Qualified Equity Interests so long as the
Borrower does not make actual payment of any such dividend until all Obligations (other than Warrant Obligations and contingent obligations as to which no claims have been asserted) have been paid in full; and 

(i) so long as no Default exists or shall result therefrom, the Borrower may make Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed
$500,000 in the aggregate since the Closing Date. 

78 

9.07Payments of Indebtedness. Such Obligor will not, and will not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, make any payments in respect of any Indebtedness other than (i) payments of the Obligations, (ii) scheduled payments of other Permitted Indebtedness, (iii) repayment of intercompany Indebtedness permitted in reliance
upon Section 9.01(e), (iv) payments of Permitted Indebtedness solely in connection with any Permitted Refinancings thereof, (v) payments of Indebtedness permitted in reliance upon
Section 9.01(c), (g), (i), (k) and/or (l), (vi) conversions of debt securities convertible into or exchangeable for Qualified Equity Interests and payments of cash in an aggregate amount not to
exceed $100,000 in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares in connection therewith and (vii) repayment in full of the Refinanced Debt on the Closing Date. 

9.08Change in Fiscal Year. Such Obligor will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, change the last day of its fiscal year from
that in effect on the date hereof, except to change the fiscal year of a Subsidiary acquired in connection with an Acquisition to conform its fiscal year to that of the Borrower. 

9.09Sales of Assets, Etc. Such Obligor will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease, license, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any of its property (including income, revenue accounts receivable (or in each case rights in respect thereof) and Equity Interests of Subsidiaries), or forgive, release or compromise any amount owed to such Obligor or Subsidiary, in each
case, in one transaction or series of transactions (any thereof, an Asset Sale), except for the following (provided that, in the case of any Asset Sale of the type described in clauses (d) and (h) below, the Obligors
shall not, and shall not permit any of their Subsidiaries to, allow any such Asset Sale to occur if any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or could reasonably be expected to occur as a result of such Asset Sale): 

(a) sales and leases of inventory in the ordinary course of its business on ordinary business terms; 

(b) the forgiveness, release or compromise of any amount owed to any other Obligor in the ordinary course of business; 

(c) Asset Sales that constitute outbound licenses permitted pursuant to Section 9.13(b); 

(d) (i) transfers of property by any Obligor to any other Obligor, (ii) transfers of property by any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary
Guarantor to any Obligor or to any other Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor and (iii) transfers of property by Obligors to Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000 for all such
transfers in any fiscal year of the Borrower; 

(e) dispositions of any property that is surplus, obsolete or worn out or no longer used or
useful in the business of the Obligors; 

(f) in connection with any transaction permitted under Section 9.02,
9.03 or 9.05;

(g) transfers or the use of cash or cash equivalents in a manner not prohibited by this Agreement; 

(h) other Asset Sales not exceeding $250,000 in the aggregate for all Obligors and their Subsidiaries in any fiscal year of the Borrower; and

79 

(i) Asset Sales in the ordinary course of business to contract manufacturers or logistics
providers to facilitate Product manufacturing and logistics services. 

9.10Transactions with Affiliates. Such Obligor will not, and will
not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell, lease, license or otherwise transfer any assets to, or purchase, lease, license or otherwise acquire any assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except:

(a) transactions between or among Obligors; 

(b) transactions between or among Obligors, on the one hand, and Subsidiaries that are not Obligors, on the other hand, and any other
transactions permitted under Section 9.01, 9.05, 9.06 or 9.09; provided that the terms thereof are no less favorable (including the amount of cash received by any Obligor) to any Obligor than
those that would be obtained in a comparable arms-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate of the Borrower; 

(c) customary compensation and indemnification of, and other employment arrangements with, directors, officers and employees of the Borrower
or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; 

(d) any other transaction of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that
is (i) on fair and reasonable terms that are no less favorable (including with respect to the amount of cash or other consideration receivable or payable in connection therewith) to the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, than it could
obtain in an arms-length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, and (ii) of the kind which would be entered into by a prudent Person in the position
of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, with another Person that is not an Affiliate of the Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable; and 

(e) the transactions set forth on Schedule 9.10 to the Disclosure Letter. 

9.11Restrictive Agreements. Such Obligor will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into, incur or
permit to exist any Restrictive Agreement other than (i) restrictions and conditions imposed by Law or by the Loan Documents or, prior to the Closing Date, the documents governing the Refinanced Debt, and (ii) the Restrictive Agreements
listed on Schedule 7.15 to the Disclosure Letter, which Restrictive Agreements may not be amended or otherwise modified without the consent of the Administrative Agent. 

9.12Modifications and Terminations of Material Agreements and Organic Documents. Such Obligor will not, and will not permit any of its
Subsidiaries to, 

(a) waive, amend, terminate, replace or otherwise modify, or fail to comply with, any term or provision of any Organic
Document, in any manner that could be materially adverse to the interests of the Secured Parties in their capacities as such; 

(b) waive,
amend, replace or otherwise modify any term or provision of any Material Agreement in any manner that is materially and negatively adverse to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) or the interests of the Secured Parties in their
capacities as such; 

80 

(c) (x) take or omit to take any action that results in the termination of any Material
Agreement or (y) take or omit to take any action that permits any Material Agreement to be terminated by any counterparty thereto prior to its stated date of expiration (in each case, unless such terminated Material Agreement is replaced with
another agreement that, viewed as a whole, is on equal or better terms for the Borrower or such Subsidiary), except in the case of either clause (x) or (y) to the extent such omission or action could not reasonably be expected to
have or result in a Material Adverse Effect; or 

(d) (x) take or omit to take any action that results in the termination of, or permits
any other Person to terminate, any rights in or to any Material Intellectual Property or (y) take or omit to take any action that permits any rights in or to any Material Intellectual Property to be terminated by any counterparty thereto prior
to its stated date of expiration, except as could not reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the Product Development and Commercialization Activities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

9.13Inbound and Outbound Licenses. 

(a) Inbound Licenses. Except as disclosed on Schedule 9.13(a) to the Disclosure Letter, no Obligor will, nor will it permit any
of its Subsidiaries to, become or remain bound by any inbound license agreement requiring any such Person, during any twelve-month period during the term of such license agreement, to make aggregate payments in excess of $1,000,000 for any such
individual license or agreement, or in excess of $3,000,000 when taken together with all other such licenses agreements, unless (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of entering into such license or shall result
therefrom, (ii) the Borrower has provided prior written notice to the Administrative Agent of the material terms of such license or agreement with a description of its anticipated and projected impact on the relevant Obligors consolidated
business or financial condition, (iii) such license or agreement has been approved pursuant to the Borrowers internal customary approval process for inbound licenses, and (iv) the Borrower has taken such commercially reasonable
actions as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to obtain the consent of, or waiver by, any Person whose consent or waiver is necessary for the Administrative Agent to be granted a valid and perfected Lien on such license agreement for
the benefit of the Secured Parties and the right to fully exercise its rights under any of the Loan Documents, including upon the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default; provided that inbound licenses agreements that is
commercially available to the public, including, without limitation, commercially available software, cloud and data services and enterprise management systems, shall not be prohibited by or subject to this clause (a). 

(b) Outbound Licenses. Except as disclosed on Schedule 9.13(b) to the Disclosure Letter,no Obligor will, nor will it
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, become or remain bound by any outbound license of Intellectual Property unless such outbound license (i) is duly authorized by the Borrower in accordance with its customary internal approval process for
outbound licenses and is entered into on an arms-length basis and in the ordinary course of business, (ii) is entered into for the purpose of Product Development and Commercialization Activities
with respect to a Product, (iii) does not otherwise constitute an Asset Sale prohibited under Section 9.09, (iv) to the extent such Intellectual Property subject to such outbound license constitutes Collateral, does
not impair the Secured Parties from fully exercising their rights under any of the Loan Documents in the event of a disposition or liquidation (including in connection with a foreclosure) of such Intellectual Property upon the exercise of remedies,
(v) is exclusive only with respect to geographical locations outside of the United States and the European Union, and (vi) except for non-exclusive licenses granted in the ordinary course of business
connection with the sale or lease of Products, is not perpetual. 

81 

9.14Sales and Leasebacks. Except as disclosed on Schedule 9.14 to the Disclosure
Letter, such Obligor will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, become liable, directly or indirectly, with respect to any lease, whether an operating lease or a Capital Lease Obligation, of any property (whether real, personal, or
mixed), whether now owned or hereafter acquired, (i) which such Obligor or Subsidiary has sold or transferred or is to sell or transfer to any other Person, and (ii) which such Obligor or Subsidiary intends to use for substantially the
same purposes as property which has been or is to be sold or transferred. 

9.15Hazardous Material. Such Obligor will not, and will not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use, generate, manufacture, install, treat, release, store or dispose of any Hazardous Material, except in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws or where the failure to comply
could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

9.16Accounting Changes. Such Obligor will not, and will not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any significant change in accounting treatment or reporting practices, except as required or permitted by GAAP. 

9.17Compliance with ERISA. No ERISA Affiliate shall cause or suffer to exist (i) any event that would reasonably be expected to result in
the imposition of a Lien with respect to any Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan or (ii) any other ERISA Event that would, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to cause any of the Obligors to incur a material liability. No Obligor or
Subsidiary thereof shall cause or suffer to exist any event that would reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien with respect to any Benefit Plan. 

SECTION 10 

FINANCIAL COVENANTS 

10.01Minimum Liquidity. The Borrower shall at all times maintain a minimum aggregate balance of $10,000,000 in cash in one or more Controlled Accounts or accounts that will be subject to Account Control Agreements in compliance with
Section 8.20(d), which cash and Controlled Accounts shall be free and clear of all Liens, other than Liens permitted under Section 9.02(a) and Section 9.02(i). 

10.02Minimum Revenue. On each calculation date set forth below (each, a Calculation Date), Revenue for the twelve
consecutive month period ended on such Calculation Date shall not be less than the amount set forth opposite such Calculation Date: 

82 

Calculation Date Revenue 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

[***] [*** ] 

10.03Right to Cure. In the event that the Borrower fails to comply with the financial covenant set forth in
Section 10.02 (such resulting Event of Default, a Revenue Covenant Default), the Borrower shall have the right to cure such Revenue Covenant Default upon satisfaction of each of the following terms
and conditions (the Cure Right): 

(a) On or before the tenth (10th) Business Day following the fiscal quarter as
to which the Revenue Covenant Default occurred (the Specified Period) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an irrevocable written notice (a Cure Notice) setting forth
(i) the actual amount of Revenue received as of the end of the Specified Period (such actual Revenue amount being the Shortfall Revenue Amount), and (ii) the Borrowers intent to cure the Revenue
Covenant Default (the date of delivery any such Cure Notice being a Cure Election Date); provided that in no event shall the Borrower be permitted to exercise Cure Rights hereunder (x) more than two
(2) times for so long as this Agreement remains in force and effect and (y) in respect of consecutive fiscal quarters. 

83 

(b) In the event the Borrower delivers a Cure Notice, the Borrower shall, prior to the date
that is ten (10) Business Days after the Cure Election Date (the Cure Expiration Date), issue and sell Qualified Equity Interests of the Borrower resulting in an amount of net cash proceeds to the Borrower equal to two
times the difference between (i) the minimum Revenue amount required under Section 10.02 for the Specified Period and (ii) the Shortfall Revenue Amount. All such cash raised in connection with the exercise of
a Cure Right shall be immediately deposited into a Controlled Account. 

(c) Upon the Administrative Agents receipt of the Cure
Notice, then, so long as no other Event of Default then exists, until the Cure Expiration Date, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall exercise the right to accelerate the Loans or terminate the Commitments and no Secured Party shall
exercise any right to foreclose on or take possession of the Collateral solely on the basis of the applicable Revenue Covenant Default. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that, for the period of five (5) consecutive
trading days immediately preceding the Cure Election Date, the Borrowers Market Capitalization was at least $75,000,000. 

Upon the
Administrative Agents receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that each of the forgoing terms and conditions have been satisfied, including that the cash proceeds resulting from such issuance and sale of such Qualified Equity
Interests have been deposited into a Controlled Account prior to the Cure Expiration Date, the Borrower shall be deemed to have complied with the financial covenant set forth in Section 10.02 for the Specified Period, and
the Revenue Covenant Default shall be deemed cured for the purposes of this Agreement. 

SECTION 11 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

11.01Events
of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default: 

(a) Principal or Interest
Payment Default. The Borrower shall fail to pay: (i) when and as the same shall become due and payable, any amount of principal of on the Loans, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise; or
(ii) within three Business Days after the same shall become due and payable, any interest on the Loans. 

(b) Other Payment
Defaults. Any Obligor shall fail to pay any Obligation (other than an amount referred to in Section 11.01(a)) when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of
three Business Days. 

84 

(c) Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty made or deemed
made by or on behalf of any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other
document furnished by the Borrower or any Subsidiary pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof, shall: (i) prove to have been incorrect when made or deemed
made to the extent that such representation or warranty contains any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifier; or (ii) prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made to the extent that such representation
or warranty does not otherwise contain any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifier. 

(d) Certain Covenants. Any Obligor
shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Sections8.01, 8.02, 8.03 (with respect to the Borrowers existence), 8.11, 8.12, 8.18,
Section 9 or Section 10; provided that in the case of Revenue Covenant Default, such Event of Default shall be subject to the Cure Right. 

(e) Other Covenants. Any Obligor shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement
(other than those specified in Section 11.01(a), (b) or (d)) or any other Loan Document, and, in the case of any failure that is capable of cure, such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 or
more days. 

(f) Payment Default on Other Indebtedness. Any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to make any payment
(whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable after giving effect to any applicable grace or cure period as provided by the terms of such
Indebtedness. 

(g) Other Defaults on Other Indebtedness. (i) Any material breach of, or event of default or
similar event under, the documentation governing any Material Indebtedness shall occur and continue beyond any applicable grace period, (ii) there occurs under any Hedging Agreement an early termination date (as defined in such Hedging
Agreement) resulting from (x) any event of default under such Hedging Agreement as to which any Obligor is the defaulting party (as defined in such Hedging Agreement) or (y) any termination event (as defined in such Hedging Agreement)
under such Hedging Agreement as to which any Obligor is an affected party (as defined in such Hedging Agreement) and, in either event, the termination value (if determined in accordance with the Hedging Agreement) or the amount determined as the mark-to-market value (if the termination value has not been so determined) for such affected Hedging Agreement that is owed by such Obligor as a result thereof is greater than
$1,000,000 or (iii) any event or condition occurs and continues beyond any applicable grace period (x) that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or (y) that enables or permits (with or
without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of such Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause such Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase,
redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this Section 11.01(g) shall not apply to any Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of any
property or assets constituting collateral for purposes of securing such Material Indebtedness so long as such Material Indebtedness is repaid in full substantially contemporaneously with such sale or transfer. 

(h) Insolvency, Bankruptcy, Etc.

85 

(i) Any Obligor becomes insolvent, or generally does not or becomes unable to pay its debts
or meet its liabilities as the same become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or declares any general moratorium on its indebtedness, or proposes a compromise or arrangement or deed of company arrangement between it
and any class of its creditors. 

(ii) Any Obligor commits an act of bankruptcy or makes an assignment of its property for the general
benefit of its creditors or makes a proposal (or files a notice of its intention to do so). 

(iii) Any Obligor institutes any proceeding
seeking to adjudicate it an insolvent, or seeking liquidation, dissolution, winding-up, reorganization, compromise, arrangement, adjustment, protection, moratorium, relief, stay of proceedings of creditors
generally (or any class of creditors), or composition of it or its debts or any other relief, under any federal, provincial or foreign Law now or hereafter in effect relating to bankruptcy, winding-up,
insolvency, reorganization, receivership, plans of arrangement or relief or protection of debtors or at common law or in equity, or files an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding. 

(iv) Any Obligor applies for the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver, interim receiver, receiver/manager, sequestrator,
conservator, custodian, administrator, trustee, liquidator, voluntary administrator, receiver and manager or other similar official for it or any substantial part of its property. 

(v) Any Obligor takes any action, corporate or otherwise, to approve, effect, consent to or authorize any of the actions described in this
Section 11.01(h), or otherwise acts in furtherance thereof or fails to act in a timely and appropriate manner in defense thereof. 

(vi) Any petition by any Person (other than an Obligor) is filed, application made or other proceeding instituted against or in respect of any
Obligor: 

(A) seeking to adjudicate it as insolvent; 

(B) seeking a receiving order against it; 

(C) seeking liquidation, dissolution, winding-up, reorganization, compromise, arrangement,
adjustment, protection, moratorium, relief, stay of proceedings of creditors generally (or any class of creditors), deed of company arrangement or composition of it or its debts or any other relief under any federal, provincial or foreign Law now or
hereafter in effect relating to bankruptcy, winding-up, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, plans of arrangement or relief or protection of debtors or at common law or in equity; or 

(D) seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a receiver, interim receiver,
receiver/manager, sequestrator, conservator, custodian, administrator, trustee, liquidator, voluntary administrator, receiver and manager or other similar official for it or any substantial part of its property, 

86 

and such petition, application or proceeding continues undismissed, or unstayed and in effect, for a period
of 60 days after the institution thereof; provided that if an order, decree or judgment is granted or entered (whether or not entered or subject to appeal) against such Obligor thereunder in the interim, such grace period will cease to apply;
provided, further, that if such Obligor files an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, such grace period will cease to apply. 

(vii) Any other event occurs which, under the Laws of any applicable jurisdiction, has an effect equivalent to any of the events referred to
in Section 11.01(h) above. 

(i) Judgments. One or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate
amount in excess of $1,000,000 (or the Equivalent Amount in other currencies) (to the extent not covered by (x) independent third party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified of the potential claim and has not disputed coverage
and/or (y) contractual indemnities) shall be rendered against any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries and the same shall remain undischarged, unsatisfied or undismissed for a period of 60 calendar days during which execution shall not be
effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of any Obligor to enforce any such judgment. 

(j) ERISA and Pension Plans. (i) An ERISA Event shall have occurred that, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that
have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(k) Change of Control. A Change of Control
shall have occurred. 

(l) Material Adverse Change, Etc. A Material Adverse Change or Material Regulatory Event shall have occurred.

(m) Impairment of Security, Etc. Subject in all respects to any applicable post-closing periods and certain other time periods and
exceptions under the Loan Documents for any Obligor or Subsidiary to take perfection actions, if any of the following events occurs (i) any Lien created by any of the Security Documents over Collateral that, individually or in the aggregate,
has a fair market value (as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent) in excess of $10,000 shall at any time not constitute a valid and perfected (to the extent required by the Security Documents) Lien on the applicable Collateral in favor
of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, free and clear of all other Liens (other than Permitted Liens), (ii) any material rights or remedies of the Secured Parties (or their ability to exercise such rights or remedies)
as secured creditors under and pursuant to the Security Documents are diminished, impeded or otherwise impaired (including the exercise of acceleration, foreclosure and related rights upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default),
(iii) except for expiration in accordance with its terms, any of the Security Documents or any Guarantee of any of the Obligations (including that contained in Section 13) shall for whatever reason cease to be in full force
and effect (other than, in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, solely as the result of any action(s) taken by the Administrative Agent or the failure of the Administrative Agent to take any action(s) within its
control, or any combination thereof, which does not arise from a breach of any Loan Document by an Obligor), or (iv) any Obligor shall, directly or indirectly, contest in any manner such effectiveness, validity, binding nature, priority or
enforceability of any such Lien, Loan Document or Guarantee. 

87 

11.02Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, then, and in every such event
(other than an Event of Default described in Section 11.01(h)), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following
actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be immediately due and payable in whole (or in part, in which
case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other
Obligations, shall become due and payable immediately (in the case of the Loans, at the Redemption Price therefor), without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by each Obligor to the extent
permitted by Law; and in case of an Event of Default described in Section 11.01(h), the Commitment shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and
all fees and other Obligations, shall automatically become due and payable immediately (in the case of the Loans, at the Redemption Price therefor), without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by
each Obligor to the extent permitted by Law. 

11.03Application of Payments. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, following the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all payments received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent as follows: 

(a) first, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees and
disbursements and other charges of counsel payable under Section 14.03) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 

(b) second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and
interest) payable to the Lenders (including fees and disbursements and other charges of counsel payable under Section 14.03) arising under the Loan Documents, ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts
described in this clause (b) payable to them; 

(c) third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations
constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (c) payable to them; 

(d) fourth, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans ratably among the Lenders in
proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause (d) payable to them; 

(e) fifth, to the
payment in full of all other Obligations (including payment of the Prepayment Premium), in each case ratably among the Administrative Agent and the Lenders based upon the respective aggregate amounts of all such Obligations owing to them in
accordance with the respective amounts thereof then due and payable; and 

(f) finally, the balance, if any, after all Obligations
have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. 

88 

SECTION 12 

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

12.01Appointment and Duties. Subject in all cases to clause (c) below: 

(a) Appointment of the Administrative Agent.
Each Lender hereby appoints Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, LP (together with any successor Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 12.09) as the Administrative Agent hereunder and authorizes the Administrative Agent to
(i) execute and deliver the Loan Documents and accept delivery thereof on its behalf from any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries party thereto, (ii) take such action on its behalf and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies and perform
the duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents and (iii) exercise such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 

(b) Duties as Collateral and Disbursing Agent. Without limiting the generality of Section 12.01(a), the
Administrative Agent shall have the sole and exclusive right and authority (to the exclusion of the Lenders), and is hereby authorized, to (i) act as the disbursing and collecting agent for the Lenders with respect to all payments and
collections arising in connection with the Loan Documents (including in any proceeding described in Section 11.01(h) or any other bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding); provided that (x) the
Administrative Agent shall only be required to act in such agency capacity if it has notified the Borrower and the Lenders in writing that it has elected to do so, and (y) so long as the Administrative Agent has not delivered any such
election notice it shall not be deemed to be acting as a disbursing and collecting agent for any other Lender or Secured Party and no Person shall be authorized to make any payment to the Administrative Agent for such purpose, (ii) file
and prove claims and file other documents necessary or desirable to allow the claims of the Secured Parties with respect to any Obligation in any proceeding described in Section 11.01(h) or any other bankruptcy, insolvency
or similar proceeding (but not to vote, consent or otherwise act on behalf of such Secured Party), (iii) act as collateral agent for each Secured Party for purposes of the perfection of all Liens created by such agreements and all other purposes
stated therein, (iv) manage, supervise and otherwise deal with the Collateral, (v) take such other action as is necessary or desirable to maintain the perfection and priority of the Liens created or purported to be created by the Loan
Documents, (vi) except as may be otherwise specified in any Loan Document, exercise all remedies given to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties with respect to the Collateral, whether under the Loan Documents, applicable Law or
otherwise and (vii) execute any amendment, consent or waiver under the Loan Documents on behalf of any Lender that has consented in writing to such amendment, consent or waiver; provided that the Administrative Agent hereby appoints,
authorizes and directs each Lender to act as collateral sub-agent for the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for purposes of the perfection of all Liens with respect to the Collateral, including any Deposit
Account maintained by a Obligor with, and cash and cash equivalents held by, such Lender, and may further authorize and direct the Lenders to take actions as collateral sub-agents for purposes of enforcing
such Liens or otherwise to transfer the Collateral subject thereto to the Administrative Agent, and each Lender hereby agrees to take such further actions to the extent, and only to the extent, so authorized and directed. 

89 

(c) Limited Duties. The Lenders and the Obligors hereby each acknowledge and agree
that the Administrative Agent (i) has undertaken its role hereunder purely as an accommodation to the parties hereto to facilitate the Transactions, (ii) is receiving no compensation for undertaking such role and (iii) subject only to
the notice provisions set forth in Section 12.09, may resign from such role at any time for any reason or no reason whatsoever. Without limiting the foregoing, the parties hereto further acknowledge and agree that under the
Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent (i) is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders (except to the limited extent provided in Section 12.11), with duties that are entirely administrative in nature, notwithstanding
the use of the defined term Administrative Agent, the terms agent, Administrative Agent and collateral agent and similar terms in any Loan Document to refer to the Administrative Agent, which terms are
used for title purposes only, (ii) is not assuming any obligation under any Loan Document other than as expressly set forth therein or any role as agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender or any other Secured Party and (iii) shall
have no implied functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or other liabilities under any Loan Document (fiduciary or otherwise), and each Lender hereby waives and agrees not to assert any claim against the Administrative Agent based on the
roles, duties and legal relationships expressly disclaimed in this clause (c). 

12.02Binding Effect. Each Lender agrees that
(i) any action taken by the Administrative Agent or the Majority Lenders (or, if expressly required hereby, a greater proportion of the Lenders) in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, (ii) any action taken by the
Administrative Agent in reliance upon the instructions of the Majority Lenders (or, where so required, such greater proportion) and (iii) the exercise by the Administrative Agent or the Majority Lenders (or, where so required, such greater
proportion) of the powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Secured Parties. 

12.03Use of Discretion. 

(a)
No Action without Instructions. The Administrative Agent shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take, or to omit to take, any action, including with respect to enforcement or collection, except (subject to clause
(b) below) any action it is required to take or omit to take (i) under any Loan Document or (ii) pursuant to instructions from the Majority Lenders (or, where expressly required by the terms of this Agreement, a greater proportion
of the Lenders). 

(b) Right Not to Follow Certain Instructions. Notwithstanding Section 12.03(a) or any
other term or provision of this Section 12, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take, or to omit to take, any action (i) unless, upon demand, the Administrative Agent receives an indemnification
satisfactory to it from the Lenders (or, to the extent applicable and acceptable to the Administrative Agent, any other Secured Party) against all Liabilities that, by reason of such action or omission, may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted
against the Administrative Agent or any Related Party thereof or (ii) that is, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, contrary to any Loan Document, Law or the best interests of the Administrative Agent
or any of its Affiliates or Related Parties. 

12.04Delegation of Rights and Duties. The Administrative Agent may, upon any term or
condition it specifies, delegate or exercise any of its rights, powers and remedies under, and delegate or perform any of its duties or any other action with respect to, any Loan Document by or through any trustee,
co-agent, employee, attorney-in-fact and any other Person (including any Secured Party). Any such Person shall benefit from this
Section 12 to the extent provided by the Administrative Agent. 

90 

12.05Reliance and Liability. 

(a) The Administrative Agent may, without incurring any liability hereunder, (i) consult with any of its Related Parties and, whether or
not selected by it, any other advisors, accountants and other experts (including advisors to, and accountants and experts engaged by, any Obligor) and (ii) rely and act upon any document and information and any telephone message or
conversation, in each case believed by it to be genuine and transmitted, signed or otherwise authenticated by the appropriate parties. 

(b) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Related Parties shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them
under or in connection with any Loan Document, and each Lender and each Obligor hereby waive to the extent permitted by applicable Law and shall not assert (and each Obligor shall cause its Subsidiaries to waive and agree not to assert) any right,
claim or cause of action based thereon, except to the extent of liabilities resulting from the gross negligence or fraudulent conduct of the Administrative Agent or, as the case may be, such Related Party (each as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment or order by a court of competent jurisdiction) in connection with the duties expressly set forth herein; provided that the resignation of the Administrative Agent pursuant to
Section 12.09 at any time, under any circumstance, shall not constitute grossly negligent or fraudulent conduct or behavior. Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: 

(i) shall not be responsible or otherwise incur liability for any action or omission taken in reliance upon the instructions of the Majority
Lenders or for the actions or omissions of any of its Related Parties selected with reasonable care (other than employees, officers and directors of the Administrative Agent, when acting on behalf of the Administrative Agent); 

(ii) shall not be responsible to any Secured Party for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness,
sufficiency or value of, or the attachment, perfection or priority of any Lien created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any Loan Document; 

(iii) makes no warranty or representation, and shall not be responsible, to any Secured Party for any statement, document, information,
representation or warranty made or furnished by or on behalf of any Related Party, in or in connection with any Loan Document or any transaction contemplated therein, whether or not transmitted by the Administrative Agent, including as to
completeness, accuracy, scope or adequacy thereof, or for the scope, nature or results of any due diligence performed by the Administrative Agent in connection with the Loan Documents; and 

(iv) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any provision of any Loan Document, whether any
condition set forth in any Loan Document is satisfied or waived, as to the financial condition of any Obligor or as to the existence or continuation or possible occurrence or continuation of any Default or Event of Default and shall not be deemed to
have notice or Knowledge of such occurrence or continuation unless it has received a notice from the Borrower, any Lender describing such Default or Event of Default clearly labeled notice of default (in which case the Administrative
Agent shall promptly give notice of such receipt to all Lenders). 

91 

With respect to each of the items set forth in clauses (i) through (iv)
above, each Lender and each Obligor hereby waives and agrees not to assert (and each Obligor shall cause its Subsidiaries to waive and agree not to assert) any right, claim or cause of action it might have against the Administrative Agent based
thereon. 

12.06The Administrative Agent Individually. The Administrative Agent and its Affiliates may make loans and other extensions of
credit to, acquire Equity Interests or the equivalents of, engage in any kind of business with, any Obligor, any Subsidiary of any Obligor or any Affiliate thereof as though it were not acting as the Administrative Agent and may receive separate
fees and other payments therefor. To the extent the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates makes any Loan or otherwise becomes a Lender hereunder, it shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and shall be subject to the
same obligations and liabilities as any other Lender and the terms Lender, Majority Lender, and any similar terms shall, except where otherwise expressly provided in any Loan Document, include, without limitation, the
Administrative Agent or such Affiliate, as the case may be, in its individual capacity as Lender or as one of the Majority Lenders, respectively. 

12.07Lender Credit Decision. Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Lender
or any of their Related Parties or upon any document solely or in part because such document was transmitted by the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties, conducted its own independent investigation of the financial condition and
affairs of each Obligor and has made and continues to make its own credit decisions in connection with entering into, and taking or not taking any action under, any Loan Document or with respect to any transaction contemplated in any Loan Document,
in each case based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate. 

12.08Expenses; Indemnities. 

(a) Each Lender agrees to reimburse the Administrative Agent and each of its Related Parties (to the extent not reimbursed by any Obligor or
any of its Subsidiaries) promptly upon demand for such Lenders Pro Rata Share of any costs and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors and Other Taxes paid in the name of, or on behalf of, any
Obligor) that may be incurred by the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties in connection with the preparation, syndication, execution, delivery, administration, modification, consent, waiver or enforcement (whether through negotiations,
through any work-out, bankruptcy, restructuring or other legal or other proceeding or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of its rights or responsibilities under, any Loan Document. 

92 

(b) Each Lender further agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent and each of its Related
Parties (to the extent not reimbursed by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries), from and against such Lenders aggregate Pro Rata Share of the Liabilities (including taxes, interest and penalties imposed for not properly withholding or backup
withholding on payments made to on or for the account of any Lender) that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties in any matter relating to or arising out of, in connection with or as
a result of any Loan Document or any other act, event or transaction related, contemplated in or attendant to any such document, or, in each case, any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties
under or with respect to any of the foregoing; provided that no Lender shall be liable to the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties to the extent such liability has resulted primarily from the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of the Administrative Agent or, as the case may be, such Related Party, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment or order. 

12.09Resignation of the Administrative Agent. 

(a) At any time upon not less than five Business Days prior written notice, the Administrative Agent may resign as the
Administrative Agent hereunder, in whole or in part (in the sole and absolute discretion of the Administrative Agent), effective on the date set forth in such notice, which effective date shall not be less than twenty (20) (or more than
thirty (30)) days following delivery of such notice. If the Administrative Agent delivers any such notice, the Majority Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative Agent who shall be reasonably acceptable to the Borrower;
provided that if a successor Administrative Agent has not been appointed on or before the effectiveness of the resignation of the resigning Administrative Agent, then the resigning Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, appoint
any Person reasonably chosen by it as the successor Administrative Agent. 

(b) Effective immediately upon its resignation, (i) the
resigning Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents to the extent set forth in the applicable resignation notice, (ii) the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of the
Administrative Agent until a successor Administrative Agent shall have accepted a valid appointment hereunder, (iii) the resigning Administrative Agent and its Related Parties shall no longer have the benefit of any provision of any Loan
Document other than with respect to (x) any actions taken or omitted to be taken while such resigning Administrative Agent was, or because such Administrative Agent had been, validly acting as the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents
or (y) any continuing duties such resigning Administrative Agent will continue to perform, and (iv) subject to its rights under Section 12.04, the resigning Administrative Agent shall take such action as may be
reasonably necessary to assign to the successor Administrative Agent its rights as the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. Effective immediately upon its acceptance of a valid appointment as the Administrative Agent, a successor
Administrative Agent shall succeed to, and become vested with, all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents. 

12.10Release of Collateral or Guarantors. Each Lender hereby consents to the release and hereby directs the Administrative Agent to release
(or, in the case of Section 12.10(b)(ii), release or subordinate), and such Liens shall be automatically released (to the extent not subordinated in the case of Section 12.10(b)(ii)) upon the
following: 

93 

(a) any Obligor or any Subsidiary of any Obligor from its Guarantee of any Obligation of any
Obligor if all of the Equity Interests in such Subsidiary owned by any Obligor or any of its Subsidiaries are disposed of in an Asset Sale permitted under the Loan Documents (including pursuant to a waiver or consent) or in a transaction permitted
under Section 9.03, to the extent that, after giving effect to such Asset Sale or such transaction, such Subsidiary would not be required to Guarantee any Obligations pursuant to Section 8.12(a);
and 

(b) any Lien held by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties against (i) any Collateral that is disposed
of by an Obligor in an Asset Sale permitted by the Loan Documents (including pursuant to a valid waiver or consent), (ii) any property subject to a Lien described in Section 9.02(c) and (iii) all of the Collateral and
all Obligors, upon (w) termination of the Commitments, (x) payment and satisfaction in full of all Loans and all other Obligations (other than Warrant Obligations and contingent obligations as to which no claims have been asserted) that
the Administrative Agent has been notified in writing are then due and payable, (y) deposit of cash collateral with respect to all contingent Obligations, in amounts and on terms and conditions and with parties satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent and each Indemnitee that is owed such Obligations and (z) to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, receipt by the Secured Parties of liability releases from the Obligors each in form and substance acceptable to
the Administrative Agent. 

Each Lender hereby directs the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent hereby agrees, upon receipt
of reasonable advance notice from the Borrower, to execute and deliver or file such documents and to perform other actions reasonably necessary to release the Guarantees and Liens when and as directed in this Section 12.10.

12.11Additional Secured Parties. The benefit of the provisions of this Agreement and the Loan Documents directly relating to the
Collateral or any Lien granted hereunder or thereunder shall extend to and be available to any Secured Party that is not a Lender as long as, by accepting such benefits, such Secured Party agrees, as among the Administrative Agent and all other
Secured Parties, that such Secured Party is bound by (and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, shall confirm such agreement in a writing in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent) this Section 12
and the decisions and actions of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders (or, where expressly required by the terms of this Agreement, a greater proportion of the Lenders) to the same extent a Lender is bound; provided that,
notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) such Secured Party shall be bound by Section 12.08 only to the extent of liabilities, costs and expenses with respect to or otherwise relating to the Collateral held for the benefit
of such Secured Party, in which case the obligations of such Secured Party thereunder shall not be limited by any concept of Pro Rata Share or similar concept, (ii) the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be entitled to act at its sole
discretion, without regard to the interest of such Secured Party, regardless of whether any Obligation to such Secured Party thereafter remains outstanding, is deprived of the benefit of the Collateral, becomes unsecured or is otherwise affected or
put in jeopardy thereby, and without any duty or liability to such Secured Party or any such Obligation and (iii) such Secured Party shall not have any right to be notified of, consent to, direct, require or be heard with respect to any action
taken or omitted in respect of the Collateral or under any Loan Document. 

94 

SECTION 13 

GUARANTEE 

13.01The
Guarantee. The Subsidiary Guarantors hereby jointly and severally Guarantee to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and their successors and assigns, the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or
otherwise) of the principal of and interest on the Loans, all fees and other amounts and Obligations from time to time owing to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders by the Borrower under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document and by any
other Obligor under any of the Loan Documents, in each case strictly in accordance with the terms thereof (such obligations being herein collectively called the Guaranteed Obligations). The Subsidiary Guarantors hereby
further jointly and severally agree that if the Borrower shall fail to pay in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the Subsidiary Guarantors will promptly pay the same, without
any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, by acceleration or otherwise)
in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. 

13.02Obligations Unconditional. The obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantors
under Section 13.01 are absolute and unconditional, joint and several, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement or any other
agreement or instrument referred to herein, or any substitution, release or exchange of any other Guarantee of or security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, irrespective of any other
circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor, it being the intent of this Section 13.02 that the obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantors
hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional, joint and several, under any and all circumstances. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the
liability of the Subsidiary Guarantors hereunder, which shall remain absolute and unconditional as described above: 

(a) at any time or
from time to time, without notice to the Subsidiary Guarantors, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived; 

(b) any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein shall be done
or omitted; 

(c) the maturity of any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be
modified, supplemented or amended in any respect, or any right under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be waived or any other Guarantee of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security therefor shall be released or exchanged in
whole or in part or otherwise dealt with; or 

(d) any lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of, the Secured Parties as
security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations shall fail to be perfected. 

The Subsidiary Guarantors hereby expressly waive to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable Law diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or the Lenders exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against the
Borrower under this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument referred to herein, or against any other Person under any other Guarantee of, or security for, any of the Guaranteed Obligations. 

95 

13.03Reinstatement. The obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantors under this
Section 13 shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any
holder of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or otherwise, and the Subsidiary Guarantors jointly and severally agree that they will indemnify the Administrative Agent and the
Lenders on demand for all reasonable and documented costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented fees of counsel) incurred by such Persons in connection with such rescission or restoration, including any such costs and expenses incurred
in defending against any claim alleging that such payment constituted a preference, fraudulent transfer or similar payment under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar Law. 

13.04Subrogation. The Subsidiary Guarantors hereby jointly and severally agree that, until the payment and satisfaction in full of all
Guaranteed Obligations (other than Warrant Obligations and contingent obligations as to which no claims have been asserted) and the expiration and termination of the Commitments, they shall not exercise any right or remedy arising by reason of any
performance by them of their Guarantee in Section 13.01, whether by subrogation or otherwise, against the Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or any security for any of the Guaranteed
Obligations. 

13.05Remedies. The Subsidiary Guarantors jointly and severally agree that, as between the Subsidiary Guarantors, on one hand,
and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, on the other hand, the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and under the other Loan Documents may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as provided in
Section 11 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances provided in Section 11) for purposes of Section 13.01 notwithstanding any
stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or such obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against the Borrower and that, in the event of such declaration (or such obligations being deemed to have become
automatically due and payable), such obligations (whether or not due and payable by the Borrower) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Subsidiary Guarantors for purposes of Section 13.01. 

13.06Instrument for the Payment of Money. Each Subsidiary Guarantor hereby acknowledges that the Guarantee in this
Section 13 constitutes an instrument for the payment of money, and consents and agrees that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, at their sole option, in the event of a dispute by such Subsidiary Guarantor in the
payment of any moneys due hereunder, shall have the right to proceed by motion for summary judgment in lieu of complaint pursuant to N.Y. Civ. Prac. L&R 3213 to the extent permitted by such law. 

13.07Continuing Guarantee. The Guarantee in this Section 13 is a continuing Guarantee, and shall apply to all
Guaranteed Obligations whenever arising. 

96 

13.08Rights of Contribution. The Subsidiary Guarantors hereby agree, as between themselves,
that if any Subsidiary Guarantor shall become an Excess Funding Guarantor (as defined below) by reason of the payment by such Subsidiary Guarantor of any Guaranteed Obligations, each other Subsidiary Guarantor shall, on demand of such Excess Funding
Guarantor (but subject to the next sentence), pay to such Excess Funding Guarantor an amount equal to such Subsidiary Guarantors Fair Share (as defined below and determined, for this purpose, without reference to the properties, debts and
liabilities of such Excess Funding Guarantor) of the Excess Payment (as defined below) in respect of such Guaranteed Obligations. The payment obligation of a Subsidiary Guarantor to any Excess Funding Guarantor under this
Section 13.08 shall be subordinate and subject in right of payment to the prior payment in full of the obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor under the other provisions of this Section 13 and
such Excess Funding Guarantor shall not exercise any right or remedy with respect to such excess until payment and satisfaction in full of all of such obligations. 

For purposes of this Section 13.08, (i) Excess Funding Guarantor means, in respect of any
Guaranteed Obligations, a Subsidiary Guarantor that has paid an amount in excess of its Fair Share of such Guaranteed Obligations, (ii) Excess Payment means, in respect of any Guaranteed Obligations, the amount paid by an
Excess Funding Guarantor in excess of its Fair Share of such Guaranteed Obligations and (iii) Fair Share means, for any Subsidiary Guarantor, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of (x) the amount by which the
aggregate present fair saleable value of all properties of such Subsidiary Guarantor (excluding any shares of Equity Interest of any other Subsidiary Guarantor) exceeds the amount of all the debts and liabilities of such Subsidiary Guarantor
(including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated liabilities, but excluding the obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder and any obligations of any other Subsidiary Guarantor that have been Guaranteed by such Subsidiary
Guarantor) to (y) the amount by which the aggregate fair saleable value of all properties of all of the Subsidiary Guarantors exceeds the amount of all the debts and liabilities (including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated
liabilities, but excluding the obligations of the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors hereunder and under the other Loan Documents) of all of the Subsidiary Guarantors, determined (A) with respect to any Subsidiary Guarantor that is a party
hereto on the Closing Date, as of the Closing Date, and (B) with respect to any other Subsidiary Guarantor, as of the date such Subsidiary Guarantor becomes a Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder. 

13.09General Limitation on Guarantee Obligations. In any action or proceeding involving any provincial, territorial or state corporate Law, or
any state or federal bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other Law affecting the rights of creditors generally, if the obligations of any Subsidiary Guarantor under Section 13.01 would otherwise, taking into account
the provisions of Section 13.08, be held or determined to be void, invalid or unenforceable, or subordinated to the claims of any other creditors, on account of the amount of its liability under
Section 13.01, then, notwithstanding any other provision hereof to the contrary, the amount of such liability shall, without any further action by such Subsidiary Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any
other Person, be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount that is valid and enforceable and not subordinated to the claims of other creditors as determined in such action or proceeding. 

97 

SECTION 14 

MISCELLANEOUS 

14.01No
Waiver. No failure on the part of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to exercise and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing with respect to, any right, power or privilege under any Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege under any Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and
not exclusive of any remedies provided by Law. 

14.02Notices. All notices, requests, instructions, directions and other communications
provided for herein (including any modifications of, or waivers, requests or consents under, this Agreement) shall be given or made in writing (including by telecopy or email) delivered, if to the Borrower, another Obligor, the Administrative Agent
or any Lender, to its address specified on the signature pages hereto or its Guarantee Assumption Agreement, as the case may be, or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties. Except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, all such communications shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt of a legible copy thereof, in each case given or addressed as aforesaid. All such communications provided for herein by telecopy shall
be confirmed in writing promptly after the delivery of such communication (it being understood that non-receipt of written confirmation of such communication shall not invalidate such communication).
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, notices, documents, certificates and other deliverables to the Lenders by any Obligor may be made solely to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent
shall promptly deliver such notices, documents, certificates and other deliverables to the Lenders. 

14.03Expenses, Indemnification, Etc.

(a) Expenses. Each Obligor, jointly and severally, agrees to pay or reimburse (i) the Agent and the Lenders for all of their
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including the reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket fees and expenses of Morrison & Foerster LLP, counsel to the Agent, and printing, reproduction, document delivery, communication and travel costs)
in connection with (x) the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the making of the Loans (exclusive of post-closing costs), and the Agent and the Lenders agree to apply the Expense
Deposit to such costs and expenses, and (y) any such costs or expenses incurred after the Closing Date, including any costs or expenses relating to the negotiation or preparation of any modification, supplement, forbearance, consent or waiver
of any of the terms of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents (whether or not consummated); and (ii) the Agent and the Lenders for all of their reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
fees and expenses of legal counsel) in connection with any enforcement or collection proceedings resulting from the occurrence of an Event of Default. 

98 

(b) Exculpation, Indemnification, etc.

(i) In no event shall any party thereto, any successor, transferee or assignee of such party, or any of their respective Affiliates,
directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, advisors or Controlling parties (each, an Exculpated Party) have any obligation or responsibility for (and the Obligors jointly and severally waive any claims they may have
in respect of) any Loss, on any theory of liability, for consequential, indirect, special or punitive damages arising out of or otherwise relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or any of the Transactions or the actual or
proposed use of the proceeds of the Loans; provided that nothing in this clause (i) shall relieve any Obligor of any obligation such Obligor may have to indemnify an Indemnified Party, as provided in clause (ii) below,
against any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnified Party by a third party. Each party agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, that it will not assert, directly or indirectly, any
Claim against any Exculpated Party with respect to any of the foregoing. 

(ii) Each Obligor, jointly and severally, hereby indemnifies the
Administrative Agent, each Lender, each of their respective successors, transferees or assigns and their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, advisors and Controlling parties (each, an Indemnified
Party) from and against, and agrees to hold them harmless against, any and all Claims and Losses of any kind (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel), joint or several, that may be incurred by or asserted or awarded
against any Indemnified Party, in each case arising out of or in connection with or relating to any investigation, litigation or proceeding (each, a Proceeding) or the preparation of any defense with respect thereto arising
out of or in connection with or relating to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or the Transactions or any use made or proposed to be made with the proceeds of the Loans, whether or not such Proceeding is brought by any Obligor, any of
its Subsidiaries, any of its shareholders or creditors, an Indemnified Party or any other Person, or an Indemnified Party is otherwise a party thereto, and whether or not any of the conditions precedent set forth in
Section 6 are satisfied or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated, except to the extent such Claim or Loss is found in a final, non-appealable judgment
by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from (x) such Indemnified Partys gross negligence or willful misconduct or (y) a Claim by an Indemnified Party against another Indemnified Party not arising from any act or
omission by an Obligor. This Section 14.03(b)(ii) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent Losses arising from any non-Tax Claim. 

(iii) No Obligor shall be liable for any settlement of any Proceeding if the amount of such settlement was effected without such
Obligors consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), but if settled with such Obligors written consent or if there is a final judgment for the plaintiff in any such Proceeding, each Obligor agrees
to, jointly and severally, indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Party from and against any and all Loss and related expenses by reason of such settlement or judgment in accordance with the terms of clause (ii) above. No Obligor
shall, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), effect any settlement of any pending or threatened Proceedings in respect of which indemnity could have
been sought hereunder by any Indemnified Party unless such settlement (x) includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent from all liability on Claims that
are the subject matter of such Proceedings and (y) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any Indemnified Party or any injunctive relief or other non-monetary remedy. Each Obligor acknowledges that any failure to comply with the obligations under the preceding sentence may cause irreparable harm to the Administrative Agent and the other Indemnified Parties.

99 

14.04Amendments, Etc. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, any provision
of this Agreement may be modified or supplemented only by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Majority Lenders; provided that: 

(a) no amendment, waiver or consent shall affect the rights or duties under any Loan Document of, or any payment to, the Administrative Agent
(or otherwise modify any provision of Section 12 or the application thereof) unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to any signature otherwise required (provided that the Administrative Agent
or the Majority Lenders may, in its or their sole discretion, provide any waiver for the benefit of Obligors in the form of an electronic mail); 

(b) with respect to any amendment, modification, discharge, termination or waiver of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that would
decrease the amount of any Lenders Loans, reduce the fees payable to such Lender, reduce interest rates or other amounts payable with respect to such Lenders Loans, extend any date fixed for payment of principal, interest or other
amounts payable to such Lender relating to such Loans or extend the repayment dates of the Loans, the consent of such Lender shall be required; 

(c) any amendment, modification, discharge, termination or waiver of any Security Document if the effect is to release a material part of the
Collateral subject thereto (other than amendments, modifications, discharges, terminations or waivers that are permitted pursuant to the terms hereof or thereof) will require the consent of all Lenders; and 

(i) amendments or waivers to this Section 14.04 will require the consent of all Lenders; 

provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Defaulting Lender shall not have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment,
waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that
(x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms
affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 

14.05Successors
and Assigns. 

(a) General. The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents without the
prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. Any of the Lenders may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of
Section 14.05(b), (ii) by way of participation in accordance with 

100 

the provisions of Section 14.05(e) or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of
Section 14.05(f). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the
extent provided in Section 14.05(e) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Indemnified Parties) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) Assignments by Lenders. Any of the Lenders may, with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), at any time assign to one or more Eligible Transferees (or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to any Person, other than a competitor of any Obligor) all or a portion of its rights
and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of the Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) and the other Loan Documents; provided that no such assignment shall be made to the Borrower, an Affiliate of the
Borrower, or any employees or directors of the Borrower at any time; provided, further, that the assigning Lender shall provide a notice to the Borrower of such assignment promptly after such assignment. Subject to the recording
thereof by the Lenders pursuant to Section 14.05(d), from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the
interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and correspondingly the assigning Lender shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such
Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of a Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party
hereto) and the other Loan Documents but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 5 and Section 14.03. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this
Agreement that does not comply with this Section 14.05(b) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with
Section 14.05(e). 

(c) Amendments to Loan Documents. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and
the Obligors agrees to enter into such amendments to the Loan Documents, and such additional Security Documents and other instruments and agreements, in each case in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders
and the Obligors, as shall reasonably be necessary to implement and give effect to any assignment made under this Section 14.05. 

(d) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its
offices in the United States a register for the recordation of the name and address of any assignee of the Lenders and the Commitment and outstanding principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans owing thereto from time to time (the
Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the
terms hereof as the Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time
upon reasonable prior notice. 

101 

(e) Participations. Any of the Lenders may at any time, without the consent of, or
notice to, the Borrower, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or the Borrower or any of the Borrowers Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such
Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of the Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged,
(ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower shall continue to deal solely and directly with the Lenders in connection therewith. Any agreement
or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement;
provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver that would (i) increase or extend the term of such Lenders
Commitment, (ii) extend the date fixed for the payment of principal of or interest on the Loans or any portion of any fee hereunder payable to the Participant, (iii) reduce the amount of any such payment of principal, or (iv) reduce
the rate at which interest is payable thereon to a level below the rate at which the Participant is entitled to receive such interest (other than a waiver of default interest). Subject to Section 14.05(f), the Borrower
agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 5.01 or 5.03 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 5.03(f)
(it being understood that the documentation required under Section 5.03(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant
to Section 14.05(b); provided that such Participant (i) shall not be entitled to such benefits unless such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with the documentation requirements of
Section 5.03(f)(ii) as if it were a Lender and complies with such requirements, (ii) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 5.03(h) as if it were an assignee under
Section 14.05(b) and (iii) shall not beentitled to receive any greater payment under Section 5.01 or 5.03, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would
have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. To the extent permitted by applicable Law, each
Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 4.03(a) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a
non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the
Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of
any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to
establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant
Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the
contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

102 

(f) Limitations on Rights of Participants. A Participant shall not be entitled to
receive any greater payment under Section 5.01 or 5.03 than a Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, except to the extent that (i) the sale of the
participation to such Participant is made with the Borrowers prior written consent and with disclosure in reasonable detail to the Borrower of any greater payment owed to such Participant, or (ii) the need for the greater payment results
from a change in applicable Law after the Participant acquired the relevant participation. 

(g) Certain Pledges. The Lenders may at
any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement and any other Loan Document to secure obligations of the Lenders, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve
Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release the Lenders from any of their obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for the Lenders as a party hereto. 

14.06Survival. The obligations of the Borrower under Sections 5.01, 5.02, 5.03, 14.03, 14.05, 14.06,
14.09, 14.10, 14.11, 14.12, 14.13, 14.14 and 14.16, and the obligations of the Subsidiary Guarantors under Section 13 (solely to the extent Guaranteeing any of the
obligations under the foregoing Sections) shall survive the repayment of the Obligations and the termination of the Commitment and, in the case of the Lenders assignment of any interest in the Commitment or the Loans hereunder, shall survive,
in the case of any event or circumstance that occurred prior to the effective date of such assignment, the making of such assignment, notwithstanding that the Lenders may cease to be Lenders hereunder. In addition, each representation
and warranty made, or deemed to be made by a Borrowing Notice, herein or pursuant hereto shall survive the making of such representation and warranty. 

14.07Captions. The table of contents and captions and section headings appearing herein are included solely for convenience of reference and
are not intended to affect the interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. 

14.08Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Agreement
may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument and any of the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. Delivery of an executed signature page
of this Agreement by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission (in PDF format) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. Any signature (including, without limitation, (x) any electronic symbol or process
attached to, or associated with, a Contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such Contract or record and (y) any facsimile or .pdf signature) hereto or the other Loan Documents or to any
other certificate, agreement or document related to any Loan Document or the Transactions, and any contract formation or record-keeping, in each case, through electronic means, shall have the same legal validity and enforceability as a manually
executed signature or use of a paper-based record-keeping system to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records
Act, or any similar state Law based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and the parties hereto hereby waive any objection to the contrary. 

103 

14.09Governing Law. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties hereunder
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Law of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction; provided that Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law shall apply. 

14.10Jurisdiction, Service of
Process and Venue. 

(a) Submission to Jurisdiction. Each Obligor agrees that any suit, action or proceeding with respect to
this Agreement or any other Loan Document to which it is a party or any judgment entered by any court in respect thereof may be brought initially in the federal or state courts in New York, New York or in the courts of its own corporate domicile and
irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of each such court for the purpose of any such suit, action, proceeding or judgment. This Section 14.10(a) is for the benefit of
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders only and, as a result, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall be prevented from taking proceedings in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by any applicable Law, the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 

(b) Alternative Process.
Nothing herein shall in any way be deemed to limit the ability of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to serve any process or summons in any other manner permitted by applicable Law. 

(c) Waiver of Venue, Etc. Each Obligor irrevocably waives to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law any objection that it may
now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document and hereby further irrevocably waives to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law any
claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. A final judgment (in respect of which time for all appeals has elapsed) in any such suit, action or proceeding shall be conclusive
and may be enforced in any court to the jurisdiction of which such Obligor is or may be subject, by suit upon judgment. 

14.11Waiver of Jury
Trial. EACH OBLIGOR AND EACH LENDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. 

14.12Waiver of Immunity. To the extent that any Obligor may be or become
entitled to claim for itself or its property or revenues any immunity on the ground of sovereignty or the like from suit, court jurisdiction, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of a judgment or execution of a judgment, and
to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed such an immunity (whether or not claimed), such Obligor hereby irrevocably agrees not to so claim and hereby irrevocably waives to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law
such immunity with respect to its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

104 

14.13Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire
agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof, including any confidentiality (or similar)
agreements. EACH OBLIGOR ACKNOWLEDGES, REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT IN DECIDING TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR IN TAKING OR NOT TAKING ANY ACTION HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER, IT HAS NOT RELIED, AND WILL NOT RELY, ON ANY
STATEMENT, REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, COVENANT, AGREEMENT OR UNDERSTANDING, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, OF OR WITH THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR THE LENDERS OTHER THAN THOSE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. 

14.14Severability. If any provision hereof is found by a court to be invalid or unenforceable, to the fullest extent permitted by any
applicable Law the parties agree that such invalidity or unenforceability shall not impair the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof. 

14.15No Fiduciary Relationship. The Borrower acknowledges that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders have no fiduciary relationship with, or
fiduciary duty to, the Borrower arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and the relationship between the Lenders and the Borrower is solely that of creditor and debtor. This Agreement and the other Loan
Documents do not create a joint venture among the parties. 

14.16Confidentiality. The Administrative Agent and each Lender agree to keep
confidential all non-public information provided to them by any Obligor pursuant to this Agreement and any other Loan Document in accordance with its customary procedures for handling its own confidential
information and use such information solely for purposes of the lending activities of the Administrative Agent and each Lender under the Loan Documents; provided that nothing herein shall prevent the Administrative Agent or any Lender from
disclosing any such information (i) to the Administrative Agent, any other Lender, any Affiliate of a Lender or any Eligible Transferee or other assignee permitted under Section 14.05(b) that prior to such disclosure
has agreed to keep the information confidential in accordance with this Section 14.16, (ii) subject to an agreement to comply with the provisions of this Section, to any actual or prospective direct or indirect counterparty
to any Hedging Agreement (or any professional advisor to such counterparty), (iii) to its employees, officers, directors, agents, attorneys, accountants, trustees and other professional advisors or those of any of its affiliates who have a need to
know such information and who are instructed to keep such information confidential (collectively, its Related Parties), (iv) upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority or any regulatory authority purporting to
have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (v) in response to any order of any court or other Governmental Authority or as may
otherwise be required pursuant to any applicable Law, (vi) if required to do so in connection with any litigation or similar proceeding, (vii) that has been publicly disclosed (other than as a result of a disclosure in violation of this
Section 14.16), (viii) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about a Lenders investment
portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to such Lender, (ix) in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document, (x) on a confidential basis to (A) any rating agency in connection
with rating the Borrower or its 

105 

Subsidiaries or the Loan or (B) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers of other market identifiers with respect to the
Loan or (xi) to any other party hereto; provided, further, that, (1) neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall use any Obligors non-public information for the purposes
of engaging in hedging, short-selling or other trading or investment activities of the Borrowers Equity Interests and (2) unless specifically prohibited by applicable Law or court order, each Lender shall notify the Borrower of any
request by any Governmental Authority, regulatory authority, court or representative thereof (other than any such request in connection with any examination of the financial condition or other routine examination of such Lender by such Governmental
Authority) for disclosure of any such non-public information prior to disclosure of such information. 

14.17Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) and each of
its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or
special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any
other Obligor against any and all of the Obligations now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or its Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or Affiliate shall have made any demand under
this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such Obligations of the Borrower or such Obligor may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to an Affiliate of such Lender. The rights of each Lender and its Affiliates under this Section are in
addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender and Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided
that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 

14.18Judgment Currency. 

(a) If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in US Dollars into another
currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures, the Administrative Agent could purchase US Dollars with such
other currency at the buying spot rate of exchange in the New York foreign exchange market on the Business Day immediately preceding that on which any such judgment, or any relevant part thereof, is given. 

(b) The obligations of the Obligors in respect of any sum due to the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall,
notwithstanding any judgment in a currency other than US Dollars, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency the Administrative
Agent may, in accordance with normal banking procedures, purchase US Dollars with such other currency. If the amount of US Dollars so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent in US Dollars, the Borrower agrees, to
the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent against such loss. If the amount of US Dollars so purchased exceeds the sum originally due to the
Administrative Agent in US Dollars, the Administrative Agent shall remit such excess to the Borrower. 

106 

14.19Sharing of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender obtains any payment in respect of any
principal of or interest on any Loan made by it, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by way of setoff, counterclaim or other remedial action, independent agreement with any Obligor or otherwise, resulting in such Lenders receiving payment of
a proportion of the aggregate outstanding amount of the Loans and accrued interest thereon being greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (i) notify the Administrative
Agent of such fact, and (ii) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders
ratably in accordance with their respective Proportionate Shares of the aggregate amount of outstanding principal of and accrued interest on the Loans. 

14.20USA PATRIOT Act. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby notify the Obligors that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT
Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act), they are required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Obligors, which
information includes the name and address of each Obligor and other information that will allow such Person to identify such Obligor in accordance with the Act. 

14.21Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent
such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or
cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of
ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any
rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such
liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

107 

14.22Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan
Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate). If
the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In
determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not
principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the
contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 

14.23Prepayment Premium. If the Loans are accelerated or otherwise become due prior to the
Maturity Date, as a result of an Event of Default (including upon the occurrence of a Insolvency Proceeding (including the acceleration of claims by operation of law)), the amount of principal of and premium on the Loans that becomes due and payable
shall equal 100% of the principal amount of the Loans plus the applicable Prepayment Premium in effect on the date of such acceleration or such other prior due date, as if such acceleration or other occurrence were a voluntary prepayment of the
Loans accelerated or otherwise becoming due. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that if the Loans are accelerated or otherwise become due prior to the scheduled Maturity Date, in respect of any Event of
Default (including upon the occurrence of a Insolvency Proceeding (including the acceleration of claims by operation of law)), the Prepayment Premium will also be due and payable on the date of such acceleration or such other prior due date as
though the Loans were voluntarily prepaid as of such date and shall constitute part of the Obligations, in view of the impracticability and extreme difficulty of ascertaining actual damages and by mutual agreement of the parties as to a reasonable
calculation of each Lenders loss as a result thereof. Any such premium payable above shall be presumed to be the liquidated damages sustained by each Lender and each Obligor agrees that it is reasonable under the circumstances currently
existing. THE OBLIGORS HEREBY, JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY, EXPRESSLY WAIVE (TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY LAWFULLY DO SO) THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE PREPAYMENT PREMIUM. Each
Obligor expressly agrees (to the fullest extent it may effectively do so) that: (i) the Prepayment Premium is reasonable and the product of an arms length transaction between sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel;
(ii) the Prepayment Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then prevailing market rates at the time payment is made; (iii) there has been a course of conduct between the Lenders and the Obligors giving specific consideration in this
transaction for such agreement to pay the Prepayment Premium; and (iv) each Obligor shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this Section. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

108 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and
delivered as of the day and year first above written. 

BORROWER:

OUTSET MEDICAL, INC.

By 

/s/ Nabeel Ahmed

Name: Nabeel Ahmed

Title: Chief Financial Officer

Address for Notices:

Outset Medical, Inc.

3052 Orchard
Dr.

San Jose, California 95134

Attention: Nabeel Ahmed; John Brottem

Email: nahmed@outsemedical.com; jbrottem@outsetmedical.com

109 

INITIAL LENDER AND ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: 

PERCEPTIVE CREDIT HOLDINGS IV, LP 

By Perceptive
Credit Opportunities GP, LLC, its general partner 

By: 

/s/ Sandeep Dixit

Name: Sandeep Dixit

Title: Chief Credit Officer

By: 

/s/ Sam Chawla

Name: Sam Chawla

Title: Portfolio Manager

Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, LP 

c/o Perceptive Advisors LLC 

51 Astor place, 10th floor 

New York, NY 10003 

Attn: Sandeep Dixit 

Email: Sandeep@perceptivelife.com; 

PCOFReporting@perceptivelife.com 

With copies to: 

Morrison & Foerster LLP 

250 West 55th Street 

New York, NY 10019 

Attn: Mark S. Wojciechowski 

Email: MWojciechowski@mofo.com 

110 

Schedule 1 

to Credit Agreement 

COMMITMENTS 

INITIAL LOAN 

Lender Commitment Proportionate

Share 

Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, LP $ 100,000,000 100 % 

TOTAL $ 100,000,000 100 % 

DELAYED DRAW LOAN 

Lender Commitment Proportionate

Share 

Perceptive Credit Holdings IV, LP $ 25,000,000 100 % 

TOTAL $ 25,000,000 100 % 

S-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>d900977dex991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 

Outset Medical Announces $169 Million Private Placement Financing From Leading Mutual Funds and
Healthcare Institutional Investors 

Secures New Debt Financing of up to $125M Maturing in 2030 

with Plans to Retire $200M in Prior Debt 

Reports Unaudited Fourth-Quarter Revenue of $29 million and 2024 Revenue of $113 million 

SANJOSE,Calif.Jan.6,2025 Outset Medical, Inc. (Nasdaq: OM)
(Outset), a medical technology company pioneering a first-of-its-kind technology to reduce the cost and complexity of
dialysis, today announced that it has entered into a definitive securities purchase agreement for a private placement of 843,908 shares of its Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock at a price of
$200.00 per share. Subject to Outset stockholder approval and beneficial ownership limitations, each share of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock will automatically convert to 250 shares of common
stock for an aggregate of 210,977,000 shares of common stock. The gross proceeds to Outset from the private placement, before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by Outset, are expected to be $168.8 million. An
additional $3.9 million, for 19,432 shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock, will be invested by certain members of the board and management, including Chair and CEO Leslie Trigg, upon
shareholder approval. 

In addition, Outset has entered into a credit agreement and guaranty with a fund managed by Perceptive Advisors, which will provide
a $100 million 5-year term loan at closing and an additional term loan of up to $25 million at the companys election, in each case, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions
and in the case of the delayed draw term loan, meeting a specified revenue milestone. The loans will accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to one-month term SOFR (subject to a floor of 4%) plus 8%, with
maturity in 2030. The loans will be secured by substantially all assets of Outset. At closing, Outset expects to use the proceeds of the initial term loan, together with cash on hand, to repay in full all amounts due under Outsets existing
credit facilities that were set to mature in 2027. 

The private placement financing was led by PFM Health Sciences, LP and Perceptive Advisors and
includes new and existing investors with participation from funds and accounts advised by T. Rowe Price Investment Management, Inc. as well as institutional investors including Durable Capital Partners LP, healthcare sector specialist funds and
multiple other large mutual funds. 

Based on our current projections, the funds from this financing are expected to capitalize the company through
cashflow breakeven, said Ms. Trigg. We appreciate the strong support from existing and new investors, which now enables the entire Outset team to focus on prosecuting our mission to catalyze permanent and profound change in where,
when and how dialysis is delivered. 

Following closing of the financing and repayment of debt, the company expects to have approximately
$210 million in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments with $100 million in debt. 

Unaudited Fourth Quarter and
Year End Results 

Outset also today reported unaudited revenue for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Revenue in the
fourth quarter totaled $29 million, bringing revenue for 2024 to $113 million, ahead of the companys prior guidance. 

UBS Investment Bank
is acting as exclusive placement agent for the private placement. Sidley Austin LLP and Cooley LLP acted as counsel to the company. 

The private placement, the Perceptive credit facility and the payoff of the prior credit facilities are, in
each case, expected to close on or about January 8, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions and, in the case of the investment by certain members of management and of our directors, stockholder approval. 

The shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock proposed to be issued in the private placement and the
common stock underlying such shares of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), or the securities laws of any
state or other jurisdiction in the United States, and may not be offered, pledged, sold, delivered or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, in the United States except as pursuant to registration under the Securities Act or an applicable
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and, in each case, in compliance with applicable other securities laws. Concurrently with the execution of the securities purchase agreements, Outset and the investors entered into a
registration rights agreement pursuant to which Outset has agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC registering the sale of the shares of common stock underlying the shares of Series A Non-Voting
Convertible Preferred Stock sold in the private placement. 

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to
buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of any securities referred to herein in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification of such securities under the
securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on managements current assumptions and expectations of future events and
trends, which affect or may affect the companys business, strategy, operations or financial performance, and actual results and other events may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements due to numerous risks and
uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the use of proceeds from, and closing of, the private placement financing and the debt financing; statements about anticipated benefits of the financings, including the
companys expectations that the funds will capitalize it through cashflow breakeven; as well as statements about the companys unaudited results of operations, including fourth quarter and full year 2024 revenue. Forward-looking statements
are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. Factors that could cause actual results or other events to differ materially from those contemplated in this press release include risks and
uncertainties related to market conditions and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the private placement and the debt financing, as well as other risks described in the Risk Factors section of the companys public
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its latest annual and quarterly reports. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as
predictions of future events. These forward-looking statements speak only as of their date and, except to the extent required by law, the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements, whether as a result of any new information, future
developments or otherwise. 

Certain financial information contained in this press release is preliminary, unaudited, and subject to change or adjustment
in connection with the completion of the companys quarter and year-end closing processes and the preparation of its audited financial statements for the fiscal quarter and year ended December 31,
2024, which will be contained in the companys related Annual Report on Form 10-K.

About Outset Medical, Inc. 

Outset is a medical technology company pioneering a
first-of-its-kind technology to reduce the cost and complexity of dialysis. The Tablo Hemodialysis System, FDA cleared for use from the hospital to the home, represents a significant technological advancement that transforms the dialysis experience for patients and operationally
simplifies it for providers. Tablo serves as a single enterprise solution that can be utilized across the continuum of care, allowing dialysis to be delivered anytime, anywhere and by anyone. The integration of water purification and on-demand dialysate production enables Tablo to serve as a dialysis clinic on wheels, with 2-way wireless data transmission and a proprietary data analytics platform powering
a new holistic approach to dialysis care. Tablo is a registered trademark of Outset Medical, Inc. 

Investor Contact 

Jim Mazzola 

Investor Relations 

jmazzola@outsetmedical.com

Source: Outset Medical, Inc.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>om-20250103.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>om-20250103_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>om-20250103_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g900977g0105183747032.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001484612

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 03, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Outset Medical, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39513

Entity Tax Identification Number 20-0514392

Entity Address, Address Line One 3052 Orchard Dr.

Entity Address, City or Town San Jose

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 95134

City Area Code (669)

Local Phone Number 231-8200

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, par value of $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol OM

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.outsetmedical.com//20250103/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d900977d8k.htm 
om-20250103.xsd 
om-20250103_lab.xml 
om-20250103_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-001911-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>d900977d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001484612 

2025-01-03 
2025-01-03 

false 
0001484612 
8-K 
2025-01-03 
Outset Medical, Inc. 
DE 
001-39513 
20-0514392 
3052 Orchard Dr. 
San Jose 
CA 
95134 
(669) 
231-8200 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value of $0.001 per share 
OM 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>