<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-071325.txt : 20250402
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-071325.hdr.sgml : 20250402
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250402161000
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-071325
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250402
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250402

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001567514
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				364742850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36274
		FILM NUMBER:		25804510

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 ROUTE 202/206
		STREET 2:		SUITE 6
		CITY:			BEDMINSTER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07921
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 440-9333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 ROUTE 202/206
		STREET 2:		SUITE 6
		CITY:			BEDMINSTER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07921

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Oneida Resources Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130122
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d928406d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false0001567514--12-3100015675142025-04-022025-04-02

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 2, 2025

Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Commission File Number: 001-36274

Delaware 36-4742850

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

135 Route 202/206 Suite 6

Bedminster, NJ07921

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(646)440-9333

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock ITCI The Nasdaq Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Introduction 

On April 2, 2025, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), dated as of January 10, 2025, by and among Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), Johnson & Johnson, a New Jersey corporation (Johnson & Johnson), and Fleming Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson (Merger Sub), Merger Sub merged with and into the Company (the Merger), with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time), each share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the Company Shares) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than certain Company Shares to be canceled pursuant to the Merger Agreement and Company Shares with respect to which appraisal rights have been properly and validly exercised in accordance with Delaware law), was canceled and retired and converted into the right to receive an amount equal to $132.00per share in cash (the Merger Consideration), without interest thereon and less any applicable tax withholdings. 

At the Effective Time, each compensatory option to purchase Company Shares (a Company Option) that was then outstanding and unexercised as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, and which had a per share exercise price that was less than the Merger Consideration, was cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash (without interest) equal to the product of (i) the aggregate number of Company Shares underlying such Company Option immediately prior to the Effective Time, and (ii) the excess of (A) the Merger Consideration over (B) the per share exercise price of such Company Option. In addition, at the Effective Time, each Company Option with a per share exercise price that equals or exceeds the amount of the Merger Consideration was cancelled for no consideration. 

At the Effective Time, each restricted stock unit with respect to Company Shares (a Company RSU Award), other than Interim Equity Awards (as defined below), that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, was canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash (without interest) equal to the product of (i) the aggregate number of Company Shares underlying such Company RSU Award immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii) the Merger Consideration. 

At the Effective Time, each performance stock unit with respect to Company Shares (a Company PSU Award) that was outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, was canceled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash (without interest) equal to the product of (i) the aggregate number of Company Shares underlying such Company PSU Award immediately prior to the Effective Time determined by treating all applicable performance measures as satisfied at the target level of performance and (ii) the Merger Consideration. 

At the Effective Time, each Company RSU Award that was granted during the period between the date of the Merger Agreement and the Effective Time (in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement) (an Interim Equity Award), to the extent unvested immediately prior to the Effective Time, was converted to a time-vesting deferred cash award that will vest and be paid in accordance with its original vesting schedule, subject to full acceleration upon the occurrence of certain specified events. 

The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, does not purport to be complete, and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.1, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.01 

Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. 

The information set forth in the Introduction, Item 3.01, Item 3.03, Item 5.01, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01. 

Item 3.01. 

Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. 

The information set forth in the Introduction of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.01. 

On April 2, 2025, the Company (i) notified the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) of the consummation of the Merger and its intent to remove all Company Shares from the Nasdaq Global Select Market and (ii) requested that Nasdaq (A) halt trading of Company Shares effective before the opening of trading on April 2, 2025, and (B) file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) a Form 25 Notification of Removal from Listing and/or Registration to delist and deregister the Company Shares under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). 

Ten days after the filing of such Form 25, the Company intends to file Form 15 with the SEC to terminate the registration of Company Shares under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and suspend the Companys reporting obligations under Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.03. 

Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. 

The information set forth in the Introduction and under Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 5.01, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03. 

At the Effective Time, each holder of Company Shares prior to the Effective Time ceased to have any rights as a stockholder of the Company other than the right to receive the Merger Consideration pursuant to the Merger Agreement. 

Item 5.01. 

Changes in Control of Registrant. 

The information set forth in the Introduction and under Item 2.01, Item 3.01, Item 3.03, Item 5.02 and Item 5.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01. 

As a result of the Merger, a change in control of the Company occurred, and the Company is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. The total amount of consideration paid to the Companys stockholders by Johnson & Johnson in connection with the Merger was approximately $14.6 billion and was funded by Johnson & Johnson through cash-on-hand.

Item 5.02. 

Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. 

The information set forth in the Introduction and under Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02. 

As of the Effective Time, in accordance with the Merger Agreement, all of the directors of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time resigned as directors of the Company and all of the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time became the directors of the Company until such time as they resign or are otherwise removed and their successors are duly appointed. 

Item 5.03. 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. 

The information set forth in the Introduction and under Item 2.01, Item 3.03, Item 5.01 and Item 5.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03. 

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company was amended and restated and, as so amended and restated, shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Company until further amended. In addition, pursuant to the Merger Agreement at the Effective Time, the bylaws of the Company were amended and restated in their entirety to be in the form of the bylaws of Merger Sub as in effect at the Effective Time (except that references to the name of Merger Sub were replaced by reference to the name of the Company and the indemnification provisions were conformed to the indemnification provisions of the Restated Bylaws of the Company as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time). Copies of the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws are attached as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03. 

Item 9.01. 

Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits. 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 10, 2025, by and among Johnson & Johnson, Fleming Merger Sub, Inc. and Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. (File No. 001-36274) filed on January 13, 2025).* 

3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc., dated April 2, 2025. 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc., dated April 2, 2025. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

* 

Schedules and similar attachments have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

INTRA-CELLULAR THERAPIES, INC.

By: 

/s/ Randall Nixon

Randall Nixon

Secretary

Date: April 2, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d928406dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. 

1. 

The name of the corporation is: Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. (the Corporation).

2. 

The address of the registered office in the State of Delaware is: Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street,
Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801. The name of the registered agent at such address is: The Corporation Trust Company. 

3. 

The nature of the business or purpose to be conducted or promoted is to engage in any lawful act or activity
for which corporations may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

4. 

The total number of shares of stock, which the Corporation shall have authority to issue, is 100 shares of
common stock, par value $0.01 per share. 

5. 

The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. 

6. 

In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors of the
Corporation is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the By-Laws of the Corporation. 

7. 

a. 

Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved
(including, without limitation, as a witness) in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or an officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at
the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, or trustee of another corporation, or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an
Indemnitee), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer or trustee or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer or trustee, shall be indemnified and held
harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the
Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or
penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such Indemnitee in connection therewith; provided, however, that, except as provided in paragraph c of this article 7 with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to
indemnification or an advancement of expenses or as otherwise required by law, the Corporation shall not be required to indemnify or advance expenses to any such Indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such
Indemnitee unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 

b. 

In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in paragraph a of this article 7, an Indemnitee shall
also have the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that, if the Delaware General Corporation Law requires,
an advancement of expenses incurred by an Indemnitee in his capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such Indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan)
shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such Indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to
appeal that such Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this paragraph b or otherwise. 

c. 

If a claim under paragraph a or b of this article 7 is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty
(60) days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be twenty (20) days, the Indemnitee may at any time thereafter
bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking,
the Indemnitee shall also be entitled to be paid the expenses of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (i) any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the Indemnitee to
enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) in any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to
recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its directors who are
not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances
because the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such
directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a
suit brought by the Indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses
pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this article 7 or otherwise shall be on the Corporation. 

d. 

The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this article 7 shall not be
exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, the Corporations Certificate of Incorporation as amended from time to time, the Corporations Bylaws, any agreement, any vote of stockholders
or disinterested directors or otherwise. 

e. 

The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee
or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense,
liability or loss under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

f. 

The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to
indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this article 7 with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the
Corporation. 

g. 

The rights conferred upon Indemnitees in this article 7 shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue
as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnitees heirs, executors and administrators. Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this article 7 that adversely affects
any right of an Indemnitee or its successors shall be prospective only and shall not limit or eliminate any such right with respect to any proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that took place
prior to any such amendment, alteration or repeal. 

h. 

If any word, clause, provision or provisions of this article 7 shall be held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this article 7 (including, without limitation, each portion of any section of this article 7 containing any such provision
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (ii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this article 7
(including, without limitation, each such portion of any section of this article 7 containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held
invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 

8. 

No director shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for any monetary damages for
breaches of fiduciary duty as a director; provided that this provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director, to the extent that such liability is imposed by applicable law, (i) for any breach of the directors duty of
loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders; (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; (iii) under Section 174 or successor provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Law; or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. No amendment to or repeal of this provision shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any
director for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such amendment or repeal. If the Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal
liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so amended. 

9. 

Unless and except to the extent that the By-Laws of the Corporation
shall so require, the election of directors of the Corporation need not be by written ballot.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d928406dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS

OF 

INTRACELLULAR
THERAPIES, INC. 

(THE CORPORATION) 

INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS 

OF THE STATE 

OF

DELAWARE 

Contents 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDER(S) 1 

1.1 

Annual Meeting 1 

1.2 

Special Meetings 1 

1.3 

Notices of Meetings 1 

1.4 

Quorum 1 

1.5 

Majority Vote Required 2 

1.6 

Voting 2 

1.7 

Record Date 2 

1.8 

Action by Written Unanimous Consent 2 

ARTICLE II 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 2 

2.1 

Number, Election and Term of Office 2 

2.2 

Resignation, Removal and Vacancies 3 

2.3 

General Powers 3 

2.4 

Committees and Delegation of Powers 3 

2.5 

Designation of Depositories 3 

2.6 

Power to Establish Divisions 4 

2.7 

Dissolution of a Division 4 

ARTICLE III 

MEETINGS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 4 

3.1 

Regular Meetings 4 

3.2 

Special Meetings 4 

3.3 

Notice of Meetings 4 

3.4 

Quorum 5 

3.5 

Participation 5 

3.6 

Manner of Acting 5 

3.7 

Action by Written Unanimous Consent 5 

ARTICLE IV 

OFFICERS 5 

4.1 

Enumeration of Officers 5 

4.2 

Term of Office, Resignation and Removal 5 

4.3 

Authority and Duties of Officers 6 

-i- 

ARTICLE V 

SHARES 8 

5.1 

Regulation 8 

5.2 

Form of Share Certificate 8 

5.3 

Loss of Share Certificate 8 

5.4 

Transfer of Shares 8 

ARTICLE VI 

EXECUTION OF INSTRUMENTS 9 

6.1 

Execution of Instruments by Officers 9 

6.2 

Execution Authority by Board Resolution 9 

ARTICLE VII 

VOTING UPON SHARES HELD BY THE CORPORATION 9 

ARTICLE VIII 

FISCAL YEAR 10 

ARTICLE IX 

WAIVER OF NOTICE 10 

ARTICLE X 

AMENDMENT OF BY-LAWS 10 

ARTICLE XI 

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 10 

11.1 

Right to Indemnification 10 

11.2 

Right to Advancement of Expenses 11 

11.3 

Right of Indemnitees to Bring Suit 11 

11.4 

Non-Exclusivity of Rights 12 

11.5 

Insurance 12 

11.6 

Indemnity Agreements 12 

11.7 

Indemnification of Employees and Agents of the Corporation 12 

11.8 

Nature of Rights 12 

11.9 

Severability 13 

-ii- 

ARTICLE I 

MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDER(S) 

1.1 

Annual Meeting. 

The Corporation shall hold an Annual Meeting of Shareholder(s) (the Annual Meeting) for the purpose of electing members of the Board of Directors (the Board)
and for the transaction of all other business that is properly brought before the meeting or otherwise required by law. The Annual Meeting shall be held at such time and place within or without the State where the Corporation is incorporated, or, to
the extent provided by law, in part or solely by means of remote communication, as may be fixed by the Board as designated in the Notice of Annual Meeting or waiver of notice thereof. No Annual Meeting shall be required if all actions required by
law to be taken at the Annual Meeting, including the election of Directors, are taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting pursuant to Section 1.8 hereof. 

1.2 

Special Meetings. 

A special meeting of the shareholder(s) may be called for any purpose at any time by the Board, the Chairman of the Board, the President, a Senior Executive
Officer, or the Secretary of the Corporation, or by one or more shareholders holding a majority of the aggregate voting power of the shares issued and outstanding. Such special meeting shall be held at such time and place within or without the State
where the Corporation is incorporated, or, to the extent provided by law, in part or solely by means of remote communication, as designated in the Notice of Special Meeting or waiver of notice thereof. 

1.3 

Notices of Meetings. 

(a) 

Notices. At least ten (10) days but not more than sixty (60) days prior to the date designated for
the holding of any meeting of the shareholder(s), written or electronic notice of the time, place and purpose of such meeting shall be delivered by mail, electronic mail or other form of recorded communication, or delivered personally or by
telephone to each shareholder entitled to vote at such meeting. 

(b) 

Service of Notice. A notice of meeting shall be deemed duly served when (i) deposited in the United States
Mail with postage fully paid and plainly addressed to the shareholder at the latest address appearing in the share records of the Corporation, or (ii) given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the shareholder to whom notice is
given. 

(c) 

Waiver of Notice. Such notice may be waived in accordance with the terms of Article IX hereof.

1.4 

Quorum. 

At any meeting of the shareholder(s), the holders of a majority of the aggregate voting power of the shares issued and outstanding entitled to vote at such
meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum, except as provided by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation or Articles of Incorporation, as applicable (the Charter). 

1.5 

Majority Vote Required. 

When a quorum is present at any meeting of shareholders, the affirmative vote of the majority of the aggregate voting power of the shares, present in person or
represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter, shall constitute the act of the shareholders, unless a different affirmative vote threshold is required either by express provision of law, the Charter, or these By-Laws, in which case such express provision shall govern and control. 

1.6 

Voting. 

(a) 

Eligibility to Vote. Each shareholder shall have one vote for each share entitled to be voted as provided in
the Charter, or as provided by law, and registered by name on the books of the Corporation as of the designated record date, if any. 

(b) 

Manner of Voting. At any meeting of the shareholder(s), each shareholder shall be entitled to vote either in
person or by proxy appointed by instrument in writing subscribed by such shareholder or by its duly authorized attorney or agent and delivered to the Secretary at the meeting. 

1.7 

Record Date. 

The Board may, but shall not be required to, designate a record date in advance of, but not exceeding, twenty (20) days preceding the date of any meeting
of shareholder(s). If a record date is designated, only shareholders of record on such date shall be entitled to such notice of and to vote at such meeting, or to receive payment of dividends, or allotment of rights or to exercise such rights with
respect to any such change, conversion or exchange of share capital, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any shares on the books of the Corporation after any such record date but prior to the date of such meeting. 

1.8 

Action by Written Unanimous Consent. 

Unless otherwise provided in the Charter, any action required to be taken or which may be taken at any meeting of the shareholder(s) of the Corporation may be
taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, including electronic or other form of recorded communication as permitted by law, setting forth the action so taken, is signed and delivered to the
Corporation by all shareholder(s) entitled to vote at such meeting. 

ARTICLE II 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

2.1 

Number, Election and Term of Office. 

The number of Directors of the Corporation shall be not less than one nor more than twenty, as determined by the Board from time to time. 

Except as otherwise provided by law, each Director shall be elected at the Annual Meeting, and shall hold office until a successor is duly elected and
qualified, or until such earlier resignation, removal or termination of employment by the Corporation or an affiliate thereof. 

-2- 

2.2 

Resignation, Removal and Vacancies. 

Any Director may resign at any time by giving written notice of resignation to the Board, the Chairman of the Board, the President, a Senior Executive Officer,
or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such notice may be written, electronic or by other form of recorded communication as permitted by law and shall take effect at the time specified therein, or at the time it is accepted by action of the Board.

Any one Director, or the Board in its entirety, may be removed with or without cause at any time by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled
to vote at an election of Directors, or by written consent of the shareholder(s) pursuant to Section 3.7 hereof. 

Vacancies in the Board and newly
created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of Directors shall be filled by appointment made by a majority of the Directors then in office. 

2.3 

General Powers. 

The business, property and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, which shall have and may exercise all such
powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things required or as provided by law, by the Charter or by these By-Laws.

2.4 

Committees and Delegation of Powers. 

(a) 

Committees of the Board. The Board may appoint, from among its members, from time to time one or more
committees, each committee to have such name or names and to have such powers and duties as may be determined from time to time by the Board. All committees shall report to the Board. The Board shall have the power to fill vacancies in, to change
the membership of, or to dissolve any committee. Each committee may hold meetings and make rules for the conduct of its business and appoint such sub-committees and assistants as it shall from time to time
deem necessary. A majority of the members of a committee shall constitute a quorum for all purposes and at all meetings. 

(b) 

Delegation of Powers. The Board may delegate to an officer or committee any duties that are authorized or
required to be executed during the intervals between meetings of the Board, and such officer or committee shall report to the Board when and as required by the Board. 

2.5 

Designation of Depositories. 

The Board shall designate or delegate to the Treasurer, or such other officer as it deems advisable, the responsibility to designate one or more trust
companies, or banks, in which shall be deposited the moneys and securities of the Corporation. 

-3- 

2.6 

Power to Establish Divisions. 

The Board may establish administrative or operating divisions (each, a Division) of the Corporation. Each Division may have a management board (the Management
Board), which shall be appointed by the Board, the Chairman, the President, or a Senior Executive Officer of the Corporation. The Management Board may appoint officers of the Division, including a
non-executive Chairman, one or more non-executive Vice Chairmen, a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer, one or more Assistant. 

Treasurers, a Secretary, one or more Assistant Secretaries, and such other Senior Executive Officers of the Division as the Management Board may determine
necessary or desirable. 

Unless otherwise limited by the Board, the Management Board and the officers of the Division shall perform the same duties and,
except for the power to designate depositories, shall have the same powers as to their Division as pertain, respectively, to the Board and the officers of the Corporation. The powers granted to the officers of the Division in the preceding sentence
include, without limitation, the power to execute and deliver on behalf of the Division, contracts, conveyances and other instruments. Such power and any other powers granted to the Division or its Management Board in this Section shall at all times
be subject to the authority granted by the Board of the Corporation, and may be amended or withdrawn by the Board at any time. 

2.7 

Dissolution of a Division. 

The Board shall have the power at any time to dissolve a Division by a quorum of Directors of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE III 

MEETINGS OF
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

3.1 

Regular Meetings. 

Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such places and times, either within or without the State where the Corporation is incorporated, as the Board may
from time to time determine. 

3.2 

Special Meetings. 

Special meetings of the Board may be held at such places and times as may be determined by the Chairman of the Board, by the President, a Senior Executive
Officer, or the Secretary of the Corporation, or by a majority of the Board. 

3.3 

Notice of Meetings. 

(a) 

Notice Required. If so determined by a quorum of the Board, no advance notice need be given; in the absence of
such determination, then, at least two (2) days prior to the day of holding any regular or special meeting of the Board, notice of the time, place and purpose of such meeting shall be delivered personally to each member of the Board either by
mail, electronic mail, telephone, or other form of recorded communication. 

(b) 

Waiver of Notice. Notice may be waived in accordance with Article IX hereof. 

-4- 

3.4 

Quorum. 

A majority of the Board shall constitute a quorum for all purposes and at all meetings unless otherwise required by law. 

3.5 

Participation. 

Unless otherwise restricted by the Charter or these By-Laws, Directors may participate in a meeting of the Board by
means of teleconference or similar communication by which all persons participating in the meeting are able to communicate with each other. Such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

3.6 

Manner of Acting. 

The act of a majority of the Directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board.

3.7 

Action by Written Unanimous Consent. 

Unless otherwise restricted by the Charter or these By-Laws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any
meeting of the Board may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board consent in writing setting forth the actions so taken (the Consent). The Consent shall be signed by each Director, in writing or by electronic or other form of recorded
communication and delivered to the Corporation and filed with the books and records of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE IV 

OFFICERS 

4.1 

Enumeration of Officers. 

In accordance with the laws of the state of incorporation, the officers of the Corporation may consist of a
non-executive Chairman of the Board, one or more non-executive Vice Chairmen of the Board, a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer, one or more Assistant
Treasurers, a Secretary, one or more Assistant Secretaries, and such other Senior Executive Officers as from time to time shall be designated and elected by the Board as set forth in Section 4.2 hereof. Any two or more offices may be held by
the same person, and except as provided by law, the Board may leave any office unfilled for such period as it may deem proper in its discretion. 

4.2 

Term of Office, Resignation and Removal. 

(a) 

All officers of the Corporation shall be duly elected by the Board and shall hold office for such term as
prescribed by the Board. Each officer shall hold office until a successor has been duly elected and qualified or until resignation, removal or termination of employment by the Corporation or an affiliate thereof. 

-5- 

(b) 

Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice of resignation to the Board, the President, a
Senior Executive Officer, or the Secretary of the Corporation. Such notice may be written, electronic or by other form of recorded communication as permitted by law and shall take effect at the time specified therein, or at the time it is accepted
by action of the Board. 

(c) 

Any officer shall be deemed to have resigned upon termination of employment by the Corporation or an affiliate
thereof, and such resignation shall take effect upon the date of termination or such other time as determined by action of the Board. 

(d) 

All officers and agents elected or appointed by the Board shall be subject to removal at any time by the Board,
with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board. 

4.3 

Authority and Duties of Officers. 

(a) 

All officers, as between themselves and the Corporation, shall have such authority and perform such duties in
the management of the Corporation as may be provided in these By-Laws or, to the extent not so provided, by the Board. 

(b) 

Chairman of the Board (Non-Executive).

The Chairman of the Board (the Chairman) shall be a non-executive office. The Chairman shall preside at
all meetings of shareholder(s) and Directors. Except where the signature of the Chairman is required by law or when expressly authorized by the Board, the Chairman shall not possess the power to sign certificates, contracts or other instruments of
the Corporation. During the absence or disability of the President, the Chairman shall designate another officer to exercise all powers and discharge all duties of the President. The Chairman shall perform such other duties as the Board shall
designate from time to time. 

(c) 

Vice Chairman of the Board (Non-Executive).

A Vice Chairman of the Board (the Vice Chairman) shall perform the duties and have the powers of the Chairman during the absence or disability
of the Chairman and shall also perform such other duties as the Board shall designate from time to time. The office of Vice Chairman shall be a non-executive office without the power to sign certificates,
contracts or other instruments of the Corporation. 

(d) 

President. 

The President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and shall have general charge and supervision of the business and affairs
of the Corporation and shall have all powers and shall perform all duties commonly incident to and vested in the office of president of a Corporation. In the absence of the Chairman and any Vice Chairmen, the President shall preside at all meetings
of the shareholder(s) and of the Board. The President shall also perform such other duties as the Board shall designate from time to time. 

-6- 

(e) 

Vice President. 

A Vice President shall perform the duties and have the powers of the President during the absence or disability of the President and shall
perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board or the President shall designate from time to time. 

(f) 

Treasurer. 

The Treasurer shall have the care and custody of the funds of the Corporation, and shall have and exercise, under the supervision of the Board,
all powers and duties commonly incident to and vested in the office of the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall (i) deposit all funds of the Corporation in such trust company or trust companies, or bank or banks, as the Board shall designate from
time to time, (ii) endorse for deposit or collection all checks, notes and drafts payable to the Corporation or to its order, and make drafts on behalf of the Corporation, and (iii) keep accurate books of accounts of the Corporations
transactions. Such books shall be the property of the Corporation, and together with all its property in the Treasurers possession, shall be subject at all times to the inspection and control of the Board. The Treasurer shall also perform such
other duties as the Board may designate from time to time. 

(g) 

Assistant Treasurer. 

An Assistant Treasurer shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer during the absence or disability of the Treasurer and
shall perform such other duties and exercise such other powers as the Board or Treasurer shall designate from time to time. 

(h) 

Secretary. 

The Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, attend all meetings of the shareholder(s) and of the Board, and shall keep and preserve in the
books and records of the Corporation true minutes of the proceedings of all such meetings. The Secretary shall (i) keep the Corporations share book, share ledger and share transfer book, (ii) shall prepare, issue, record, transfer
and cancel share certificates as required by the proper transactions of the Corporation and of its shareholder(s), (iii) have the custody of all corporate books and records of the Corporation, (iv) give all notices required by statute, by the
Charter or the By-Laws, and (v) keep custody of the seal of the Corporation. The Secretary shall have authority to affix the Corporations seal to all instruments where required, and when so affixed
it shall be attested by the Secretarys signature or by the signature of any other officer. The Secretary shall have all powers and shall perform all duties commonly incident to and vested in the office of Secretary of a corporation, and shall
also perform such other duties as the Board shall designate from time to time. 

(i) 

Assistant Secretary. 

An Assistant Secretary shall perform the duties and have the powers of the Secretary during the absence or disability of the Secretary and
shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board or Secretary shall designate from time to time. 

-7- 

(j) 

Senior Executive Officers. 

The Board may from time to time designate and elect such other Senior Executive Officers as the business of the Corporation may require, with
titles such as, but not limited to, General Manager, Chief Scientific Officer, Chief Medical Officer, Head of...., Director of..... Each Senior Executive Officer shall hold office for such
period, have such authority, and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Corporation as are provided for in Article IV hereof for similar executive officer roles, or as the Board may from time to time determine. Any duly elected
Senior Executive Officer is authorized to execute documents and agreements on behalf of the Corporation as set forth in Article VI hereof. 

ARTICLE V 

SHARES

5.1 

Regulation. 

Except as otherwise required by these By-Laws or provided by law, the Board may make such rules and regulations as it
may deem expedient, governing the issue, transfer and registration of shares of the Corporation. 

5.2 

Form of Share Certificate. 

(a) 

Except as set forth in Section 5.2(b) hereof, each holder of shares of the Corporation shall be entitled
to a share certificate signed by the President or a Vice President, and also by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or as otherwise provided by law. The share certificates shall be in such form as shall
be prescribed by the Board in accordance with the laws of the state of incorporation. 

(b) 

If the law of the state of incorporation permits, the Board may designate that some or all shares of the
Corporation be represented by uncertificated shares. Such uncertificated shares shall be issued in compliance with statutory requirements and recorded in the books and records of the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided by law, the rights and
obligations of the holders of uncertificated shares shall be identical to the rights and obligations of certificated shares of the same class. 

5.3 

Loss of Share Certificate. 

In the case of loss, mutilation or destruction of an issued and outstanding share certificate, a duplicate certificate may be issued upon such terms as the
Board may prescribe. 

5.4 

Transfer of Shares. 

Shares of the Corporation shall be transferred on the books of the Corporation only by the holder of such shares in person or by power of attorney upon
surrender and cancellation of a certificate or of certificates for an equivalent number of shares. 

-8- 

ARTICLE VI 

EXECUTION OF INSTRUMENTS 

6.1 

Execution of Instruments by Officers. 

(a) 

Any duly elected officer, including, but not limited to, the President, any Vice President, the Treasurer, any
Assistant Treasurer, any Senior Executive Officer, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary, is authorized to execute and deliver documents and agreements in the name and on behalf of the Corporation regarding the management and affairs of the
Corporation pertaining to their respective duties as further defined in these By-Laws, including but not limited to contracts, agreements, instruments, powers of attorney, deeds, mortgages, bonds, debentures,
checks, drafts, transfers and contributions of equity; capital contributions; stock certificates, asset transfers; changes to charter documents of subsidiaries; formation or dissolution of subsidiaries; subsidiary merger approvals; and establishment
and closings of branch or resident offices. 

(b) 

If the execution of a document has been authorized by the Board without specification as to the executing
officer, the President, any Vice President, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, any Senior Executive Officer, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary may execute such document in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, and if required the
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary may affix the corporate seal thereto. 

6.2 

Execution Authority by Board Resolution.

Except as otherwise provided in these By-Laws, the Board shall have the power to designate and may authorize by
resolution any such officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or an affiliate thereof who shall have power to execute and deliver documents and agreements in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, including but not limited to the documents
set forth in 6.1(a) hereof. 

ARTICLE VII 

VOTING UPON SHARES HELD BY THE CORPORATION 

Unless otherwise ordered by the Board, the President, any Vice President, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer, any Senior Executive Officer, the Secretary
and any Assistant Secretary shall have full power and authority on behalf of the Corporation to attend, to act at, to sign documents (i.e., any contract, conveyance, proxy or other instrument relating to shares held by the Corporation) and to vote
at any meeting of shareholder(s) of any legal entity in which the Corporation may hold shares, and at any such meeting shall possess, and may exercise all rights and powers incident to the ownership of such shares which any owner thereof might have
possessed and exercised if present. The Board, by resolution, may confer like powers upon any other person or persons. 

-9- 

ARTICLE VIII 

FISCAL YEAR 

The fiscal year of the
Corporation shall end on the Sunday closest to the end of the calendar month of December and shall begin on the Monday following that Sunday unless otherwise provided by the Board. 

ARTICLE IX 

WAIVER OF
NOTICE 

Whenever any notice is required to be given by these By-Laws or the Charter of the Corporation or as
provided by law, the person entitled thereto may, in person or by attorney thereunto authorized, in writing or by electronic mail or other form of recorded communication, waive such notice, whether before or after the meeting or other matter in
respect of which such notice is given. In such event, notice need not be given to such person and such waiver shall be deemed equivalent to such notice. 

ARTICLE X 

AMENDMENT OF BY-LAWS

As provided by law or the Charter, these By-Laws may be adopted,
amended or repealed by the shareholders or by the Board in any manner not inconsistent with the laws of the state of incorporation or the Charter, including any By-Law designating the number of Directors,
provided that the Board shall not make, alter, amend or repeal any By-Laws designating the qualification or term of office of any member or members of the then existing Board. 

ARTICLE XI 

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 

11.1 

Right to Indemnification. 

Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved (including, without limitation, as a witness) in any
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or an officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer,
or trustee of another corporation, or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an Indemnitee), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged
action in an official capacity as a director, officer or trustee or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer or trustee, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by law, as the same
exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such
amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such Indemnitee in connection therewith;
provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 11.3 with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification or as otherwise required by law, the Corporation shall not be required to indemnify or advance expenses to any such
Indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such Indemnitee unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. 

-10- 

11.2 

Right to Advancement of Expenses. 

In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in Section 11.1, an Indemnitee shall also have the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses
(including attorneys fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that, if the Delaware General Corporation Law requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by an Indemnitee in his
capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such Indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an
undertaking, by or on behalf of such Indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified
for such expenses under this Section 11.2 or otherwise. 

11.3 

Right of Indemnitees to Bring Suit. 

If a claim under Section 11.1 or Section 11.2 is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty (60) days after a written claim has been
received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be twenty (20) days, the Indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover
the unpaid amount of the claim. To the fullest extent permitted by law, if successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the
Indemnitee shall also be entitled to be paid the expenses of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (i) any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a
right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) in any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such
expenses upon a final adjudication that, the Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to
such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the
Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors,
independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought
by the Indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the
terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article or otherwise shall be on the Corporation. 

-11- 

11.4 

Non-Exclusivity of Rights. 

The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Article shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have
or hereafter acquire under any statute, the Charter as amended from time to time, these By-Laws, any agreement, any vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. 

11.5 

Insurance. 

The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the Delaware
General Corporation Law. 

11.6 

Indemnity Agreements. 

The Corporation may enter into indemnity agreements with the persons who are members of its Board of Directors from time to time, and with such officers,
employees and agents of the Corporation and with such officers, directors, employees and agents of subsidiaries as the Board may designate, such indemnity agreements to provide in substance that the Corporation will indemnify such persons as
contemplated by this Article, and to include any other substantive or procedural provisions regarding indemnification as are not inconsistent with Delaware law. The provisions of such indemnity agreements shall prevail to the extent that they limit
or condition or differ from the provisions of this Article. 

11.7 

Indemnification of Employees and Agents of the Corporation. 

The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any
employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation.. 

11.8 

Nature of Rights. 

The rights conferred upon Indemnitees in this Article shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a
director, officer, employee, agent or trustee and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnitees heirs, executors and administrators. Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this Article that adversely affects any right of an Indemnitee or its
successors shall be prospective only and shall not limit, eliminate, or impair any such right with respect to any proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment,
alteration or repeal. 

-12- 

11.9 

Severability. 

If any word, clause, provision or provisions of this Article shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (i) the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Article (including, without limitation, each portion of any section of this Article containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not
itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (ii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article (including, without limitation, each such portion of any section
of this Article containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 

-13-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>itci-20250402.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>itci-20250402_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>itci-20250402_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 02, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001567514

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 02, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc.

Entity File Number 001-36274

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity Tax Identification Number 36-4742850

Entity Address, Address Line One 135 Route 202/206 Suite 6

Entity Address, City or Town Bedminster

Entity Address, State or Province NJ

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 07921

City Area Code (646)

Local Phone Number 440-9333

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock

Trading Symbol ITCI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.intracellulartherapies.com//20250402/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d928406d8k.htm 
itci-20250402.xsd 
itci-20250402_lab.xml 
itci-20250402_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-071325-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d928406d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001567514 

2025-04-02 
2025-04-02 

false 
0001567514 
--12-31 
8-K 
2025-04-02 
Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. 
001-36274 
DE 
36-4742850 
135 Route 202/206 Suite 6 
Bedminster 
NJ 
07921 
(646) 
440-9333 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock 
ITCI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>