<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001683168-25-000774.txt : 20250206
<SEC-HEADER>0001683168-25-000774.hdr.sgml : 20250206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250206142304
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-25-000774
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250206
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tribal Rides International Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001624985
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				371758469
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56366
		FILM NUMBER:		25596823

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25108 MARGUERITE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE A-450
		CITY:			MISSION VIEJO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92692
		BUSINESS PHONE:		805.729.1524

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25108 MARGUERITE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE A-450
		CITY:			MISSION VIEJO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92692

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XINDA INTERNATIONAL CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170710

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TriMax Consulting, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141112
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tribal_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?Tribal Rides 8-K

false000162498500016249852025-02-062025-02-06iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 06, 2025

XINDA DBA

TRIBAL
RIDES INTERNATIONAL CORP.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada 000-56366 37-1758469

(State or Other Jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S. Employer

of Incorporation) File Number) Identification Number)

26060 Acero, Mission Viejo, CA92691

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

949-434-7259

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.
below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

N/A N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

On February 06, 2025, TRIBAL
RIDES INTERNATIONAL CORP., 26060 Acero, Mission Viejo, CA, 92691, a Nevada Corporation (the "Company"), entered into a Share
Exchange Agreement (the Agreement) with Singta Industries Inc., a Delaware Corporation ("Target" or "SINGTA").
According to the Agreement, a 100.00% of the 50,000,000 issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Target shall be acquired
by the Company in exchange for 400,000,000 newly issued restricted common shares of the Company to be issued to SINGTAs
selling shareholders and which shall represent the complete consideration paid under this Agreement for the 100% acquisition of Target
(the Consideration).

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities.

The disclosure under Item
1.01 in this report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein.

The Securities were issued
without registration under the Securities Act based upon the private offering exemption provided under Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation
S promulgated thereunder. No general solicitation or general advertising was used in connection with the issuance of the Securities.

The foregoing description
of the Agreement and the Acquisition is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement,
a copy of which will be filed with the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number Description

10.1 Share Exchange Agreement
dated February 6, 2025.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

2 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Tribal Rides International Corp.

Date: February 06, 2025 By: /s/ Joseph Grimes

Joseph Grimes, Chief Executive Officer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tribal_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

This Share Exchange Agreement ("the Agreement"),
dated as of the 6th day of February 2025, by and between:

Party-1: TRIBAL RIDES INTERNATIONAL
CORP., 26060 Acero, Mission Viejo, CA, 92691, a Nevada Corporation (the "Company"); and

Party-2: Singta Industries
Inc., a Delaware Corporation, 530 Technology Drive, Suite 100, Irvine, CA 92618 ("Target" or "SINGTA").

Party-1 and Party-2 are referred
to individually and jointly in the Agreement as a "Party" or "Parties" with reference to the following:

RECITALS:

A.The Company is prepared to acquire approximately 100.00% of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock in Target;

B.Target is 100% owned by Selling Shareholders ("SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS");

C.The Company has issued capital stock of 39,935,500 shares of $0.00001 par value common stock, with 500,000,000 common authorized
and 4,624,000 preferred authorized. The shares of common stock of the Company are registered under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and are publicly traded on the Expert Markets of the OTC Markets (OTC)
under the symbol XNDA. Upon the Closing (as defined below in Section 1.2.1), the Company will issue 400,000,000 shares of
its common stock to SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS in exchange for 50,000,000 shares of Target, representing one hundred percent (100%) of the issued
and outstanding capital stock of SINGTA.

D.All $ mean United States Dollars herein, unless specifically indicated otherwise;

E.It is the intention of the Parties that: (i) the issuance and exchange of the respective shares of the Parties hereunder shall
qualify as a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code); and
(ii) that said exchange shall qualify as a transaction in securities exempt from registration or qualification under the
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended and in effect on the Closing of this Agreement (the Securities Act); and

F.The Parties agree that the Annexes hereto shall be Exhibits to this Agreement. Though the documents or information
mentioned in the Annexes shall not be Exhibits to the Agreement, they shall be integral to the representations and warranties
of the respective Parties in all respects and made a part hereof for all such purposes.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

1. ARTICLE 1

THE TRANSACTION

1.1.At the Closing, a minimum of 100.00% of the 50,000,000 issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Target shall be acquired
by the Company, being 50,000,000 shares, in exchange for 400,000,000 newly issued restricted common shares of the Company
to be issued to SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS and which shall represent the full and complete consideration paid under this Agreement for the 100.00%
acquisition of Target (the "Consideration").

1 

1.2.At the Closing, Target will become a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company.

1.3.At the Closing, SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS will transfer to the Company a minimum of 100.00% of the shares of stock in Target, and all
of such shares shall be transferred to the Company free and clear from all security interests, liens, judgments, or other encumbrances,
such that the Company shall then become the 100.00% owner of all issued and outstanding shares of Target. SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS shall exchange
their certificates representing Target shares for the Company Shares by delivering such stock certificates to the Company duly executed
and endorsed in the blank (or accompanied by duly executed stock powers duly endorsed in blank), in each case in proper form for transfer,
with signatures guaranteed (unless waived by the Company), and, if applicable, with all stock transfer and any other required documentary
stamps affixed thereto with appropriate instructions to authorize the Companys transfer agent to exchange Company Shares for Target
Shares.

1.4.At the Closing, SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS will arrange for the signing and delivery of all auxiliary documents substantially similar
to those described in the Closing Memorandum (Annex A) of this Agreement and other legal documents as may become needed to conclude the
transaction in the State of California and perfect it in such other jurisdictions where the Company may have its interests in, including
but not limited to, other states in the United States of America and elsewhere.

1.5.At the Closing, the Company shall deliver the Consideration in accordance with this Agreement to SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS such that
SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS shall receive 400 million shares of the Companys common stock for 50,000,000 shares of Targets stock.

1.6.The Company Shares issued and delivered to SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS shall be subject to resale restrictions imposed pursuant to the
Securities Act and thus restricted for at least twelve (12) months from the date on which the Company files all of its Form 10 Information
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission following the date of issuance.

1.7.SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS acknowledges that the Company Shares are being issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements
promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and agrees to abide by all applicable resale restrictions and hold periods
imposed by applicable securities legislation.

2. ARTICLE 2

THE CLOSING

2.1The
Closing of the Agreement (the Closing) shall take place on or before February 6, 2025 USA EST and subject to the
conditions to the Closing set forth in this Agreement having been satisfied or waived, or at such other time and date as the Parties
hereto shall agree in writing (the "Closing Date"), simultaneously at the offices of Target 530 Technology Drive, Suite
100, Irvine, CA 92618 and the offices of The Company and electronically as required. The parties will use their good faith efforts
to attempt to close the transaction on February 6, 2025, or as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable, provided, however, that
the record date for the stock issued hereunder shall be February 6, 2025.

3. ARTICLE 3

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The Company hereby represents
and warrants to Target that:

3.1The Company shall deliver to Target on or before the Closing of each of the following:

(a)Financial Statements. Financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, including, but not limited to,
balance sheets and profit and loss statements, prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles and
which fairly present the financial condition of the Company at the date or dates thereof. (Annex B).

2 

3.2Organization, Standing and Power. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Nevada with all requisite corporate power to own or lease its properties and carry on its businesses as are now being
conducted.

3.3Qualification. The Company is duly qualified and is licensed as a Nevada corporation authorized to do business in each jurisdiction
wherein it conducts its business operations.

Capitalization of the Company. On the Closing
Date, immediately before the Closing, the Company shall have 439,935,500 shares of common stock, $0.00001 par value per share issued;

3.4Authority. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated herein have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action, including, but not limited to, duly and validly authorized action and approval by the Board
of Directors on the part of the Company. This Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the Company and is enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms, subject to the principles of equity applicable to the availability of the remedy of specific
performance. The Company has duly executed this Agreement, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall not result in any breach of any terms or provisions of the Company's Certificates and
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws or of any other document of organization, agreement, court order or instrument to which the Company
is a party or bound by.

3.5Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. The Company has no material liabilities of any nature, whether fixed, absolute, contingent,
or accrued, which were not reflected on the financial statements set forth in Annex B or otherwise disclosed in this Agreement or any
of the Annexes delivered hereunder or Exhibits attached hereto.

3.6Absence of Changes. Since December 31, 2024, there has not been any material adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise),
assets, liabilities, earnings, or business of the Company, except for changes occurring in the ordinary course of business, and those
changes contemplated by this Agreement.

3.7Tax Matters. All taxes and other assessments and levies that the Company is required by applicable law to withhold or to collect
have been duly withheld and collected and have been paid over to the proper government authorities or are held by the Company in separate
bank accounts for such payment or are represented by depository receipts, and all such withholdings and collections and all other payments
due in connection therewith (including, without limitation, employment taxes, both the employee's and employer's share) have been paid
over to the government or placed in a separate and segregated bank account for such purpose. There are no known deficiencies in income
taxes for any periods, and further, the representations and warranties as to the absence of undisclosed liabilities contained in Section
3.5 Includes any and all tax liabilities of whatsoever kind or nature (including, without limitation, all United States federal, state,
or local, and foreign income, profit, franchise, sales, use, and property taxes) due or to become due, incurred in respect of or measured
by the Company income or business prior to the Closing Date.

3.8Options, Warrants, Etc. Except as otherwise described in Section 4.8, there are no outstanding options, warrants, calls, commitments,
or agreements of any character to which the Company is a party or by which the Company is bound or is a party, calling for the issuance
of shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any such capital stock
of the Company.

3.9Brokers and Finders. The Company shall be solely responsible for payment to any broker or finder retained by the Company for any
brokerage fees, commissions, or finders' fees in connection with the transactions contemplated herein.

3.10Accuracy of Information. No representation or warranty by the Company contained in this Agreement and no statement contained in
any certificate or other instrument delivered or to be delivered to Party 2 pursuant hereto or in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby (including without limitation all Annexes and Exhibits hereto) contains or will contain any untrue statement of material fact or
omits or will omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading.

3 

3.11Subsidiaries. The Company does not have any other subsidiaries or own capital stock representing 10% or more of the issued and
outstanding stock of any other corporation.

3.12Consents. Except as specifically listed, no consent or approval of, or registration, qualification, or filing with, any governmental
authority or other person is required to be obtained or accomplished by the Company or any shareholder thereof in connection with the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

3.13Improper Payments. Neither the Company nor any person acting on behalf of the Company has made any payment or otherwise transmitted
anything of value, directly or indirectly, to (a) any official or any government or agency or political subdivision thereof for the purpose
of influencing any decision affecting the business of the Company (b) any customer, supplier or competitor of the Company or employee
of such customer, supplier or competitor, for the purpose of obtaining, retaining or directing

3.14business for the Company or (c) any political party or any candidate for elective political office nor has any fund or other asset
of the Company been maintained that was not fully and accurately recorded on the books of account of the Company.

3.15Copies of Documents. The Company has made available for inspection and copying by Party 2 and its or his duly authorized representatives
and will continue to do so at all times true and correct copies of all documents that it has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) and all other governmental agencies which are material to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement.
Furthermore, all filings by the Company with the SEC and all other governmental agencies, including, but not limited to, the United States
Internal Revenue Service, have contained information that is true and correct, to the best knowledge of the Board of Directors of the
Company, in all material aspects and did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
to make the statements made therein not misleading or which could have any material adverse effect upon the financial condition or operations
of the Company or adversely affect the objectives of this Agreement with respect to Target including, but not limited to, the issuance
and subsequent trading of the shares of common stock of the Company to be received hereby, subject to compliance by the shareholders with
applicable securities laws, rules, and regulations.

3.16Environmental Compliance. Except in compliance with Environmental Laws, the Company has not caused or permitted, and the Company
does not know, any material release or disposal by any person of any hazardous substance on or from any premises formerly or presently
used in the business. All hazardous substances generated, handled, stored, treated, processed, transported, or disposed of in the course
of the business have been generated, handled, stored, treated, processed, transported, or disposed of in all material respects, in compliance
with applicable Environmental Laws and any environmental permits.

4. ARTICLE 4

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF TARGET

Party 2, on behalf of Target
and any beneficial or nominal owner of Target, in all material respects and as may be applicable to complete the acquisition of Target
by the Company, hereby represents and warrants to the Company as follows:

4.1Party 2 shall deliver to the Company, on or before the Closing, the following, accompanied by English language translation:

(a)Financial Statements. Financial statements of Target for the period from inception to December 2024, prepared in accordance with
US generally accepted accounting (GAAP) principles and which fairly present the financial condition of Target at the date thereof

4 

(b)Shareholders. A complete list of all persons or entities holding capital stock or participatory interest of Target or any rights
to subscribe for acquire, or receive shares of the capital stock of Target (whether warrants, calls, options, or conversion rights), including
copies of all stock option plans whether qualified or nonqualified and other similar agreements.

4.2Organization, Standing and Power. Target is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws
of the State of Delaware. It has all requisite corporate power to own or lease its properties and carry on its business as it is now being
conducted.

4.3Qualification. Target is duly qualified and licensed as a foreign corporation authorized to do business in each jurisdiction wherein
it conducts business operations. Such jurisdictions are the only jurisdictions in which Target is duly qualified and licensed as a foreign
corporation

4.4Authority. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and consummation of the transactions contemplated herein have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action, including but not limited to duly and validly authorized action and approval by the Board
of Directors or other required persons on behalf of Target, and by SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS. This Agreement constitutes the valid and binding
obligation of Target and SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS, enforceable against Target and each Participant 1 through 15 in accordance with its terms,
subject to the principles of equity applicable to the availability of the remedy of specific performance. This Agreement has been duly
executed, as applicable, by Target and SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall not result in any breach of any terms or provisions of Target's Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws or of any other agreement, court order or instrument to which Target or SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS is a party or bound.

4.5Absence of Undisclosed Liabilities. Target has no material liabilities of any nature, whether fixed, absolute, contingent, or accrued,
which were not reflected on the financial statements or otherwise disclosed in this Agreement or any of the Annexes or Exhibits attached
hereto.

4.6Absence of Changes. Since the period from inception through December 31, 2024, and to the date hereof, there has not been any material
adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise), assets, liabilities, earnings, or business of Target, except for changes resulting
from completion of those transactions contemplated herein.

4.7Tax Matters. All taxes and other assessments and levies that Target is required by applicable law to withhold or to collect have
been duly withheld and collected and have been paid over to the proper government authorities or are held by Target in separate bank accounts
for such payment or are represented by depository receipts, and all such withholdings and collections and all other payments due in connection
therewith (including, without limitation, employment taxes, both the employee's and employer's share) have been paid over to the government
or placed in a separate and segregated bank account for such purpose. There are no known deficiencies in income taxes for any periods,
and further, the representations and warranties as to the absence of undisclosed liabilities contained in Section 4.5 include any and
all tax liabilities of whatsoever kind or nature (including, without limitation, all federal, provincial, local and foreign income, profit,
franchise, sales, use and property taxes) due or to become due, incurred in respect of or measured by Target income or business prior
to the Closing Date.

4.8Options, Warrants, etc. Except as otherwise described, there are no outstanding options, warrants, calls, commitments, or agreements
of any character to which Target or its shareholders are a party or by which Target or its shareholders are bound, or are a party, calling
for the issuance of shares of capital stock of Target or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any such
capital stock of Target.

4.9Title to Assets. Except for liens set forth in the financial statements, Target is the sole and unconditional owner of, with good
and marketable title to, all the assets and patents listed in the Annexes as owned by them, and all other property and assets are free
and clear of all mortgages, liens, pledges, charges or encumbrances of any nature whatsoever.

5 

4.10Agreements in Force and Effect. Except as disclosed, Target has not breached any material provision of and is not in default in
any material respect under the terms of any such contract, agreement, plan, promissory note, mortgage, lease, policy, license, franchise,
or similar instrument which breach or default would have a material adverse effect upon the business, operations or financial condition
of Target.

4.11Legal Proceedings, Etc. Except as disclosed, there are no civil, criminal, administrative, arbitration, or other such proceedings
or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of the Parties, threatened, in which, individually or in the aggregate, an adverse determination
would materially and adversely affect the assets, properties, business or income of Target. Target has substantially complied with and
is not in default in any material respect under any laws, ordinances, requirements, regulations, or orders applicable to its businesses.

4.12Governmental Regulation. To the knowledge of the Parties, Target is not in violation of or in default with respect to any applicable
law or any applicable rule, regulation, order, writ, or decree of any court or any governmental commission, board, bureau, agency, or
instrumentality, or delinquent with respect to any report required to be filed with any governmental commission, board, bureau, agency
or instrumentality which violation or default could have a material adverse effect upon the business, operations or financial condition
of Target.

4.13Broker and Finders. Party 2 shall be solely responsible for payment to any broker or finder retained by Party 2 for any brokerage
fees, commissions, or finders' fees in connection with the transactions contemplated herein.

4.14Accuracy of Information. No representation or warranty by SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS contained in this Agreement and no statement contained
in any certificate or other instrument delivered or to be delivered to the Company pursuant hereto or in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby (including without limitation all Annexes and Exhibits hereto) contains or will contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omits or will omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein not
misleading.

4.15Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed, Target does not have any other subsidiaries or own capital stock representing ten percent (10%)
or more of the issued and outstanding stock of any other corporation.

4.16Consents. Except as disclosed, no consent or approval of, or registration, qualification, or filing with, any other governmental
authority or other person is required to be obtained or accomplished by Target in connection with the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

4.17Improper Payments. No person acting on behalf of Target has made any payment or otherwise transmitted anything of value, directly
or indirectly, to (a) any official or any government or agency or political subdivision thereof for the purpose of influencing any decision
affecting the business of Target, or (b) any political party or any candidate for elective political office, nor has any fund or other
asset of Target been maintained that was not fully and accurately recorded on the books of account of Target.

4.18Copies of Documents. Target has made available for inspection and copying by the Company and its duly authorized representatives
and will continue to do so at all times true and correct copies of all documents which it has filed with any governmental agencies which
are material to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. Furthermore, all filings by Target with governmental agencies, including
but not limited to any taxing authority, have contained information that is true and correct in all material respects and did not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein not misleading
or which could have any material adverse effect upon the financial condition or operations of Target or adversely affect the objectives
of this Agreement.

6 

4.19Status of Targets Shares. SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS represents individually as to all of the shares of Target capital stock owned
by the said shareholder, that the shares are owned free and clear of all security interests, liens, judgments, and other encumbrances,
and will be transferred to the Company at the Closing free and clear from all security interests, liens, judgments, and other encumbrances.

4.20Sophisticated Investors. SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS is a sophisticated investor, able to understand the merits and risks of entering into
this Agreement and consummating the transactions contemplated herein, and has had access to all information concerning the Company, its
assets, liabilities, and business that SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS believe is material to their respective investment decisions.

4.21Environmental Compliance. Except in compliance with Environmental Laws, Target has not caused or permitted, and Target does not
know, any material release or disposal by any person of any hazardous substance on or from any premises formerly or presently used in
the business. All hazardous substances generated, handled, stored, treated, processed, transported, or disposed of in the course of the
business have been generated, handled, stored, treated, processed, transported, or disposed of in all material respects, in compliance
with applicable Environmental Laws and any environmental permits.

5. ARTICLE 5

CONDUCT AND TRANSACTIONS PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE
TIME OF THE SHARE EXCHANGE

5.1Parties Conduct and Transactions. During the period from the date hereof to the date of Closing, the Parties shall cause
the Company and Target to:

(a)Conduct their operations in the ordinary course of business, including but not limited to paying all obligations as they mature,
complying with all applicable tax laws, filing all tax returns required to be filed, and paying all taxes due;

(b)Maintain their records and books of account in a manner that fairly and correctly reflects its income, expenses, assets, and liabilities;

5.2The Company Conduct and Transactions. Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the Company shall not during such period,
except in the ordinary course of business, without the prior written consent of Target:

(a)Except as otherwise contemplated or required by this Agreement, sell, dispose of, or encumber any of its properties or assets;

(b)Declare or pay any dividends on shares of its capital stock or make any other distribution of assets to the holders thereof;

(c)Issue, reissue or sell, or issue options or rights to subscribe to, or enter into any contract or commitment to issue, reissue
or sell, any shares of its capital stock or acquire or agree to acquire any shares of its capital stock, except as provided herein in
Recital C, and Sections 7.1;

(d)Except as otherwise contemplated and required by this Agreement, amend its Articles of Incorporation or merge or consolidate with
or into any other corporation or sell all or substantially all of its assets or change in any manner the rights of its capital stock or
other securities;

(e)Except as contemplated or required by this Agreement, pay or incur any obligation or liability, direct or contingent, of more than
$1,000, other than in the ordinary course of business, excluding such payment as may be required for completion and the closing of the
transactions described in this Agreement;

7 

(f)Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money, assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become responsible for obligations of any other
party, or make loans or advances to any other party, excluding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(g)Make any material change in its insurance coverage;

(h)Increase in any manner the compensation, direct or indirect, of any of its officers or executive employees, except in accordance
with existing employment contracts;

(i)Enter into any agreement or make any commitment to any labor union or organization;

(j)Make any capital expenditures, excluding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

5.3Conduct and Transactions of Target. During the period from the date hereof to the date of Closing, Target shall:

(a)Obtain an Investment Letter from each of the beneficiary shareholders or owners of Target in a form substantially like that attached
hereto as Exhibit B.

(b)Targets operations are conducted in the ordinary course of business.

5.4Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement, Target shall not during such period, except in the ordinary course of business,
without the prior written consent of the Company:

(a)Except as otherwise contemplated or required by this Agreement, sell, dispose of, or encumber any of the properties or assets of
Target;

(b)Declare or pay any dividends on shares of its capital stock or make any other distribution of assets to the holders thereof;

(c)Issue, reissue or sell, or issue options or rights to subscribe to, or enter into any contract or commitment to issue, reissue
or sell, any shares of its capital stock or acquire or agree to acquire any shares of its capital stock;

(d)Except as otherwise contemplated and required by this Agreement, amend its Articles of Incorporation or merge or consolidate with
or into any other corporation or sell all or substantially all of its assets or change in any manner the rights of its capital stock or
other securities;

(e)Except as otherwise contemplated and required by this Agreement, pay or incur any obligation or liability, direct or contingent,
of more than $1,000, other than in the ordinary course of business;

(f)Except as otherwise contemplated and required by this Agreement, incur any indebtedness for borrowed money, assume, guarantee,
endorse or otherwise become responsible for obligations of any other party, or make loans or advances to any other party, other than in
the ordinary course of business;

(g)Make any material change in its insurance coverage;

(h)Increase in any manner the compensation, direct or indirect, of any of its officers or executive employees, except in accordance
with existing employment contracts;

(i)Enter into any agreement or make any commitment to any labor union or organization;

(j)Make any material capital expenditures.

(k)Unless contemplated by this Agreement, any of the foregoing actions can be taken by any subsidiary of Target.

8 

6. ARTICLE 6

RIGHTS OF INSPECTION

6.1During the period from the date of this Agreement to the Closing Date, the Company and Target agree to use their best efforts to
give the other Party, including its representatives and agents, full access to the premises, books, and records of each of the Parties,
and to furnish the other with such financial and operating data and other information including, but not limited to, copies of all legal
documents and instruments referred to on any Annex or Exhibit hereto, with respect to the business and properties of the Company or Target
or otherwise as may be necessary for the completion of the transactions contemplated hereby, as the case may be, as the other shall from
time to time request; provided, however, if there are any such investigations:

1)they shall be conducted in such a manner as not to unreasonably interfere with the operation of the business of the other Parties
and

2)such right of inspection shall not affect in any way whatsoever any of the representations or warranties given by the respective
Parties hereunder. In the event of termination of this Agreement, the Company and Target will each return to the other all documents,
work papers, and other materials obtained from the other Party in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and will take such
other steps necessary to protect the confidentiality of such material.

7. ARTICLE 7

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

7.1Conditions to Obligations of Target. The obligations of Target to perform this Agreement are subject to the satisfaction of the
following conditions on or before the Closing unless waived in writing.

(a)Representations and Warranties. There shall be no information disclosed in the Annexes delivered by SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS, which,
in the opinion of the Company, would materially adversely affect the proposed transaction and intent of the Parties as set forth in this
Agreement. The representations and warranties of SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS set forth in Article 4 hereof shall be true and correct in all material
respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing as though made on and as of the Closing, except as otherwise permitted
by this Agreement.

(b)Performance of Obligations. The SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS shall have in all material respects performed all agreements required to be
performed by it under this Agreement and shall have performed in all material respects any actions contemplated by this Agreement prior
to or on the Closing, and SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS shall have complied in all material respects with the course of conduct required by this
Agreement.

(c)Corporate Action. SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS shall have furnished minutes, certified copies of corporate resolutions, and/or other documentary
evidence satisfactory to the Company that SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS has submitted with this Agreement and any other documents required hereby
to such Parties for approval as provided by applicable law.

(d)Consents. Execution of this Agreement by the shareholders of Target and any consents necessary for or approval of any Party listed
on any Annex whose consent or approval is required pursuant thereto shall have been obtained.

(e)Statutory Requirements. All statutory requirements for the valid consummation by SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall have been fulfilled.

9 

(f)Governmental Approval. All authorizations, consents, approvals, permits, and orders of all federal and state governmental agencies
required to be obtained by SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS for consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained.

(g)Changes in Target's financial condition. There shall not have occurred any material adverse change in the financial condition or
the operations of the business of Target, except expenditures in furtherance of this Agreement, and excluding the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement.

(h)Absence of Pending Litigation. Target is not engaged in or threatened with any suit, action, legal, administrative, or other proceedings
or governmental investigations pertaining to this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder.

(i)Authorization for Issuance of Stock. The Company shall have received in form and substance satisfactory to them a letter instructing
and authorizing the Registrar and Transfer Agent for the shares of common stock of Target to issue stock certificates representing ownership
of Target common stock to the Company in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

7.2 Conditions
or Obligations on behalf of The Company

(a)Representations and Warranties. There shall be no information disclosed in the Annexes delivered by the Company that, in the opinion
of the SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS, would materially adversely affect the proposed transaction and intent of the Parties as set forth in this
Agreement. The representations and warranties set forth in Article 3 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the
date of this Agreement and as of the Closing as though made on and as of the Closing, except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement.

(b)Performance of Obligations. Company shall have in all material respects performed all agreements required to be performed by it
under this Agreement and shall have performed in all material respects any actions contemplated by this Agreement prior to or on the Closing,
and Company shall have complied in all respects with the course of conduct required by this Agreement.

(c)Statutory Requirements. All statutory requirements for the valid consummation by SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS and of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall have been fulfilled.

(d)Governmental Approval. All authorizations, consents, approvals, permits, and orders of all federal and state governmental agencies
required to be obtained by the Company for consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been obtained.

(e)Absence of Pending Litigation. The Company is not engaged in or threatened with any suit, action, legal, administrative, or other
proceedings or governmental investigations pertaining to this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder.

8. ARTICLE 8

MATTERS SUBSEQUENT TO CLOSING

8.1Covenant of Further Assurance. The Parties covenant and agree that they shall, from time to time, execute and deliver or cause
to be executed and delivered all such further instruments of conveyance, transfer, assignments, receipts, and other instruments and shall
take or cause to be taken such further or other actions as the other Party or Parties to this Agreement may reasonably deem necessary
in order to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement.

10 

9. ARTICLE 9

NATURE AND SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS

9.1All statements contained in any written certificate, Annex, exhibit, or other written instrument delivered by the Company or Target
or otherwise pursuant hereto, or otherwise adopted by the Company, by its written approval, or by Target by its written approval, or in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, shall be deemed representations and warranties by the Company or Target, as the
case may be. All representations, warranties, and agreements made by either Party shall survive for two years, or until the discovery
of any claim, loss, liability, or other matter based on fraud, if longer, but not longer than three years from the date hereof.

10. ARTICLE 10

TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT AND ABANDONMENT OF THE
MERGER

10.1Termination. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, this Agreement and any agreement executed as required hereunder and
the acquisition contemplated hereby may be terminated at any time before the Closing as follows:

(a)By mutual written consent of the Parties.

(b)By the Board of Directors of the Company if any of the conditions set forth in Section 7.1 shall not have been satisfied by the
Closing Date.

(c)By Target if any of the conditions set forth in Section 7.1 shall not have been satisfied by the Closing Date.

10.2Termination of Obligations and Waiver of Conditions; Payment of Expenses. In the event that this Agreement and the acquisition
are terminated and abandoned pursuant to this Article 10 hereof, this Agreement shall become void and of no force and effect, and there
shall be no liability on the part of any of the Parties hereto or their respective directors, officers, shareholders, or controlling persons
to each other. Each Party hereto will pay all costs and expenses incident to its or his negotiation and preparation of this Agreement
and any of the documents evidencing the transactions contemplated hereby, including fees, expenses, and disbursements of counsel.

11. ARTICLE 11

EXCHANGE OF SHARES

11.1Exchange of Shares. At the Closing, the Company shall issue a letter to the transfer agent of the Company with a copy of the resolution
of the Board of Directors of the Company authorizing and directing the issuance of the Company shares as contemplated by this Agreement.
At the Closing, SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS shall deliver his/her/its share certificate representing all of the shares of Targets capital
shares being transferred to the Company duly endorsed in blank.

11.2Restrictions on Shares Issued to SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS. Due to the fact that SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS will receive shares of the Companys
common stock in connection with the acquisition, which has not been registered under the Securities Act by virtue of the exemption provided
in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and SEC Rule 506 or SEC Regulation S, stock certificates representing those shares of the Company
will contain the following legend or a reasonable facsimile thereof:

The shares represented
by this certificate have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The shares have been acquired for investment
and may not be sold or offered for sale in the absence of an effective registration statement for the shares under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, or an opinion of counsel to the Corporation that such registration is required.

11 

12. ARTICLE 12

MISCELLANEOUS

12.1Construction. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding
the conflicts of laws.

12.2Notices. All notices necessary or appropriate under this Agreement shall be effective when personally delivered or deposited in
the United States mail, postage prepaid, certified or registered, return receipt requested, and addressed to the Parties' last known addresses,
which are currently located at the addresses in the recitals of descriptions in this Agreement.

12.3Amendment and Waiver. The Parties hereby may, by mutual agreement in writing signed by each Party, amend this Agreement in any
respect. Any term or provision of this Agreement may be waived in writing at any time by the Party, which is entitled to the benefits
thereof; such waiver right shall include, but not be limited to, the right of either Party to:

(a)Extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations of the other;

(b)Waive any inaccuracies in representations by the other contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant hereto;

(c)Waive compliance by the other with any of the covenants contained in this Agreement and performance of any obligations by the other;
and

(d)Waive the fulfillment of any condition that is precedent to the performance by the Party, waiving any of its obligations under
this Agreement. Any writing on the part of a Party relating to such amendment, extension, or waiver as provided in this Section 12.3 Shall
be valid if authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors of such Party.

12.4Remedies Not Exclusive. No remedy conferred by any of the specific provisions of this Agreement is intended to be exclusive of
any other remedy, and each and every remedy shall be cumulative and shall be in addition to every other remedy given hereunder or now
or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise. The election of any one or more remedies by the Company or Target
shall not constitute a waiver of the right to pursue other available remedies.

12.5Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which together shall constitute the same instrument. A facsimile signature or email of a pdf file of a signature shall be accepted and
deemed to be a valid execution of this Agreement.

12.6Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of the Company
and Target and its participants and shareholders.

12.7Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Annexes and Exhibits attached hereto represent the entire agreement of the undersigned
regarding the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior written or oral understandings or agreements between the Parties; provided,
however, the Annexes shall not be considered Exhibits to this Agreement.

12.8Each Party to Bear its Own Expense. The Company and Target shall each bear their own respective expenses incurred in connection
with the negotiation, execution, closing, and performance of this Agreement, including counsel fees and accountant fees.

12.9Captions and Section Headings. Captions and section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not control or affect
the meaning or construction of any provision of this Agreement.

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

Party-1: TRIBAL RIDES INTERNATIONAL CORP.

/s/Joseph Grimes

By: Joseph Grimes, Chairman and CEO

Party-2: SINGTA INDUSTRIES INC.

/s/John McMullen

BY: John McMullen, Interim CEO, Director

13 

ANNEX A

SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

CLOSING MEMORANDUM

The Closing of the SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT Preparation
shall be conditional on signed and execution of the following documents and such other documents required by the Share Exchange Agreement:

1. Master Agreement: SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT.

2. Auxiliary Agreement 1. Any stock power or other document necessary or desirable to transfer Target's shares
to the company from SINGTA SHAREHOLDERS.

3. The delivery of such other documents as are required hereunder.

4. The delivery of the stock certificates issued by Target, which represent all of the issued and outstanding
shares of Target, which shares are being transferred to the Company pursuant to this Agreement, duly endorsed by each Participant.

14
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>xnda-20250206.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>xnda-20250206_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>xnda-20250206_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 06, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 06, 2025

Entity File Number 000-56366

Entity Registrant Name TRIBAL
RIDES INTERNATIONAL CORP.

Entity Central Index Key 0001624985

Entity Tax Identification Number 37-1758469

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV

Entity Address, Address Line One 26060 Acero

Entity Address, City or Town Mission Viejo

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 92691

City Area Code 949

Local Phone Number 434-7259

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
20 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://xindaintl.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tribal_8k.htm 
xnda-20250206.xsd 
xnda-20250206_lab.xml 
xnda-20250206_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001683168-25-000774-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tribal_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001624985 

2025-02-06 
2025-02-06 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001624985 
8-K 
2025-02-06 
TRIBAL RIDES INTERNATIONAL CORP. 
NV 
000-56366 
37-1758469 
26060 Acero 
Mission Viejo 
CA 
92691 
949 
434-7259 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>