<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-001065.txt : 20250103
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-001065.hdr.sgml : 20250103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250103090058
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-001065
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JABIL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000898293
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PRINTED CIRCUIT BOARDS [3672]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				381886260
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14063
		FILM NUMBER:		25503908

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10800 ROOSEVELT BOULEVARD NORTH
		CITY:			ST PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33716
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7275779749

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10800 ROOSEVELT BOULEVARD NORTH
		CITY:			ST PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33716

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JABIL CIRCUIT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930305
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d891169d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

JABIL INCfalse000089829300008982932024-12-272024-12-27

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d)

of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December 27, 2024

Jabil Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-14063 38-1886260

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

10800 Roosevelt Boulevard North, St. Petersburg, Florida33716

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code (727)577-9749

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share JBL New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 3.02. 

Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities. 

On December 27, 2024, Jabil Inc. (the Company) issued a warrant (the Warrant) to Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC (Warrantholder) to acquire up to 1,158,539 ordinary shares of the Company (Warrant Shares) at an initial exercise price of $137.7671 per share, which is the preceding 30 trading day VWAP. The Warrant allows for cashless exercise and expires December 27, 2031. The Warrant Shares are subject to vesting for payments for purchased products and services over the Warrant term, with a portion of the Warrant Shares having vested as of the Warrant issuance. 

Upon the consummation of an acquisition transaction (as defined in the Warrant), subject to certain exceptions, the unvested portion of the Warrant will vest in full. So long as the Warrant is unexercised, the Warrant does not entitle the Warrantholder to any voting rights or any other common stockholder rights. The exercise price and the number of Warrant Shares are subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. 

The issuance of the Warrant and the Warrant Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act) or under any state securities law. The Company believes that the transaction is exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and customary legends will be affixed to the Warrant and the Warrant Shares. The foregoing description of the Warrant does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety to the full text thereof, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

No. 

Description

4.1 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated December 27, 2024, issued to Amazon.com, Inc.*

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - Embedded within the inline XBRL document

* 

Portions of this document have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K.

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

JABIL INC.

(Registrant)

January 3, 2025 By: 

/s/ Susan Wagner-Fleming

Susan Wagner-Fleming

Vice President, Senior Deputy

General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d891169dex41.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is of a type that is treated as private and
confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON
STOCK 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS INSTRUMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS
OF ANY STATE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, SOLD, OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER SUCH ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR UNDER AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT OR SUCH
LAWS. 

THIS INSTRUMENT IS ISSUED IN CONNECTION WITH AND SUBJECT TO THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF A TRANSACTION AGREEMENT, DATED AS
OF DECEMBER 27, 2024, BY AND BETWEEN THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES AND AMAZON.COM, INC., A DELAWARE CORPORATION, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE WITH THE ISSUER. THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS INSTRUMENT MAY NOT BE SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH SAID AGREEMENT. ANY SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER NOT IN COMPLIANCE WITH SAID AGREEMENT WILL BE VOID. 

WARRANT

to purchase 

1,158,539 

Shares of
Common Stock of 

Jabil Inc. 

a Delaware Corporation 

Issue Date: December 27, 2024 

1. Number of Warrant Shares; Exercise Price. This certifies that, for value received, the Warrantholder or its permitted assigns or
transferees is entitled, upon the terms hereinafter set forth, to acquire from the Company, in whole or in part, up to a maximum aggregate of 1,158,539 fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares), at a
purchase price per share of Common Stock equal to $137.7671 (the Exercise Price). The Warrant Shares and Exercise Price are subject to adjustment and/or may be supplemented by or converted into other Equity Securities as provided
herein, and all references to Common Stock, Warrant Shares, and Exercise Price herein shall be deemed to include any such adjustment, supplement, and/or conversion or series of adjustments, supplements, or
conversions. 

2. Exercise of Warrant; Term; Other Agreements; Book Entry; Cancelation

(i) Promptly following the end of each calendar quarter during which a Vesting Event has occurred (or promptly after a written request by
Amazon for a Notice of Vesting Event as of a certain day), the Company shall deliver to the Warrantholder a Notice of Vesting Event in the form attached as Annex A hereto; provided that neither the delivery, nor the
failure of the Company to deliver, such Notice of Vesting Event shall affect or impair the Warrantholders rights or the Companys obligations hereunder. 

(ii) Subject to (A) Section 1, Section 8(iv), and
Section 9, and (B) compliance with the Antitrust Laws (including with respect to any Warrant Shares issuable from exercise of this Warrant upon a Vesting Event or otherwise), as may be applicable, the right to purchase
Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant is exercisable, in whole or in part by the Warrantholder, at any time or from time to time, from and after the applicable Vesting Event, but in no event later than 5:00 p.m., Seattle

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

time, on December 27, 2031 (subject to extension in accordance with Section 2(iii), such time as extended if applicable, the Expiration Time and
such period from and after the applicable Vesting Event through the Expiration Time, the Exercise Period), by (a) the delivery of the Notice of Exercise, to the Company in accordance with Section 13
(or such other office or agency of the Company in the United States as it may designate by notice to the Warrantholder in accordance with Section 13 hereof) and (b) payment of the Exercise Price for the Warrant Shares
thereby purchased by, at the sole election of the Warrantholder, either: (i) by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Company (such manner of exercise, a Cash Exercise) or
(ii) without payment of cash, by reducing the number of Warrant Shares obtainable upon the exercise of this Warrant (either in full or in part, as applicable) and payment of the Exercise Price in cash so as to yield a number of Warrant Shares
obtainable upon the exercise of this Warrant (either in full or in two or more parts, as applicable) equal to the product of (x) the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant (either in full or in two or more parts, as
applicable) (if payment of the Exercise Price were being made in cash) and (y) the Cashless Exercise Ratio (such manner of exercise, a Cashless Exercise); provided that such product shall be rounded to the nearest
whole Warrant Share. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, if an exercise of any portion of this Warrant is to be made in connection with a public offering or an Acquisition Transaction, such exercise may at the election of the Warrantholder
be conditioned upon the consummation of such transaction, in which case such exercise shall be inclusive of any vesting that would occur upon the consummation of or immediately prior to such transaction but not be deemed to be effective until
immediately prior to the consummation of such transaction. If such transaction is not consummated, such exercise shall be deemed void if so requested by Warrantholder in a Notice of Exercise. 

(iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) if at any time during the Exercise Period the Warrantholder has not exercised this Warrant in
full as a result of (I) there being insufficient Warrant Shares available for issuance, (II) the lack of any required regulatory, corporate or other approval (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any approval required under the Antitrust
Laws (including the Initial Antitrust Clearance), if so applicable), or (III) the Company has not been current with its Exchange Act public reporting requirements at any time in the previous 30 days (collectively, the Exercise
Conditions), the Expiration Time shall be extended until 60 days after such date as the Warrantholder is able to acquire all of the vested Warrant Shares without violating any Exercise Conditions, (b) if at the Expiration Time, or any
time prior to the Expiration Time, the Company is or has been party to a definitive agreement for an Acquisition Transaction that has not closed, the Expiration Time shall be extended until 5 Business Days after the closing of such Acquisition
Transaction, or 20 Business Days after the date on which the definitive agreement for such Acquisition Transaction has been terminated, as the case may be, or (c) if at any time prior to the Expiration Time, a third party has publicly filed, or
announced its intention to file, a tender offer for the Company which if consummated would result in an Acquisition Transaction, and without a definitive agreement for an Acquisition Transaction with respect to such tender offer having been executed
by the Company, then the Expiration Time shall be extended until the later of (I) 5 Business Days after the expiration time of the tender offer, or (II) if no tender offer is launched, 25 Business Days after the public announcement of such
third partys intention to launch such tender offer, but if a tender offer is launched during such period, then 5 Business Days after the expiration time of the tender offer. 

(iv) If the Warrantholder has not exercised this Warrant in its entirety, following each exercise the Warrantholder shall be entitled to
receive from the Company, upon request, a new warrant of like tenor in substantially identical form for the purchase of that number of Warrant Shares equal to the difference between the maximum aggregate number of Warrant Shares and the number of
Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is or has been so exercised. 

-2- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

(v) The Company shall either (a) maintain itself, or (b) cause its transfer agent
to maintain, in each case, books for the original issuance and the transfer and exercise of the Warrant issuable in connection therewith, in each case in accordance with the terms hereof in book-entry form. If the Company maintains books for the
Warrant, then (I) the Company agrees that it will accept instructions from the Warrantholder for the transfer and exercise of the Warrants, to the extent permitted in accordance with the terms of the Warrant and the Transaction Agreement, and
(II) the Company shall not require the delivery of the Warrant, which at all times shall be in book-entry form, in connection with the transfer or exercise thereof. The Company shall be responsible for all fees and expenses with respect to
maintaining the Warrant in book-entry form. In no event shall Warrantholder be required to post any bond or incur any other financial cost related to the book entry existence of this Warrant. 

(vi) This Warrant, including with respect to its cancelation, is subject to the terms and conditions of the Transaction Agreement. Without
affecting in any manner any prior exercise of this Warrant (or any Warrant Shares previously issued hereunder), if (a) the Transaction Agreement is terminated in accordance with Section 8.1 thereof or (b) the
Warrantholder delivers to the Company a written, irrevocable commitment not to exercise this Warrant, then the Company shall have no obligation to issue, and the Warrantholder shall have no right to acquire, the unvested portion of any Warrant
Shares under this Warrant. 

3. Issuance of Warrant Shares; Authorization; Listing. 

(i) The Company shall issue a book-entry or book-entries for the Warrant Shares issued upon exercise of this Warrant on or before the second
Business Day following the date of exercise of this Warrant in accordance with its terms in the name of the Warrantholder and shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, evidence of such book-entry or book-entries to the Warrantholder. The Company
shall be responsible for all fees and expenses of its transfer agent and all fees and expenses with respect to the issuance of Warrant Shares via DTC, if any, including without limitation for same-day
processing. 

(ii) The Companys obligations to issue and deliver Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms and subject to the
conditions hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by the Warrantholder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any
action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation, or termination; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to deliver Warrant Shares with respect to an exercise prior to the
Warrantholders delivery of the associated Exercise Price (or notice of Cashless Exercise). 

(iii) Following the issuance of any
Warrant Shares, the Company shall register such issuance in book-entry form in the name of the Warrantholder. The Warrant Shares so issued shall be deemed for all purposes to have been issued to the Warrantholder as of the close of business on the
date on which this Warrant and payment of the Exercise Price (or notice of Cashless Exercise) are delivered to the Company in accordance with the terms of this Warrant, notwithstanding that the stock transfer books of the Company may then be closed
or book-entries representing such Warrant Shares may not be actually delivered on such date or credited to the Warrantholders DTC account, as the case may be. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available, out of its authorized but
unissued Common Stock, the Warrant Shares, solely for the purpose of providing for the exercise of this Warrant, the aggregate Warrant Shares then issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in full (disregarding whether or not this Warrant is
exercisable by its terms at any such time). 

(iv) The Company shall, at its sole expense, procure, subject to issuance or notice of
issuance, the listing of any Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant on the Principal Trading Market on which such same class of Equity Securities are then listed or traded, promptly after such Warrant Shares are eligible for listing
thereon. 

-3- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

4. No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional Warrant Shares or other Equity
Securities or scrip representing fractional Warrant Shares or other Equity Securities shall be issued upon any exercise of this Warrant. In lieu of any fractional share to which a Warrantholder would otherwise be entitled, the fractional Warrant
Shares or other Equity Securities shall be rounded up to the next whole Warrant Share or other Equity Securities, and the Warrantholder shall be entitled to receive such rounded-up number of Warrant Shares or
other Equity Securities. 

5. No Rights as Shareholders; Transfer Books. Without limiting in any respect the provisions of the
Transaction Agreement and except as otherwise provided by the terms of this Warrant, this Warrant does not entitle the Warrantholder to (i) consent to any action of the shareholders of the Company, (ii) receive notice of or vote at any
meeting of the shareholders, (iii) receive notice of any other proceedings of the Company, or (iv) exercise any other rights whatsoever, in any such case, as a stockholder of the Company prior to the date of exercise of this Warrant. 

6. Charges, Taxes, and Expenses. Issuance of this Warrant and issuance of certificates or book entries for Warrant Shares to the
Warrantholder upon the exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Warrantholder for any issue, registration or transfer tax, assessment or similar governmental charge (other than any such taxes, assessments or charges in respect of
any transfer occurring contemporaneously therewith) or other incidental expense in respect of such issuance, all of which taxes, assessments, charges, and expenses shall be paid by the Company. 

7. Transfer/Assignment. 

(i) This Warrant may be transferred only in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Agreement. Subject to compliance with the first
sentence of this Section 7(i), the legend as set forth on the cover page of this Warrant and the terms of the Transaction Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in
part, upon the books of the Company by the registered holder hereof in person or by a duly authorized attorney, and a new Warrant shall be made and delivered by the Company, of the same tenor and date as this Warrant but registered in the name of
one or more transferees. If the transferring holder does not transfer the entirety of its rights to purchase all Warrant Shares hereunder, such holder shall be entitled to receive from the Company a new Warrant in substantially identical form for
the purchase of that number of Warrant Shares as to which the right to purchase was not transferred. All expenses (other than stock transfer taxes) and other charges payable in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of the new
Warrant in accordance with this Section 7 shall be paid by the Company. 

(ii) If and for so long as required by
the Transaction Agreement, any Warrant book entry issued hereunder shall contain a legend as set forth in Section 4.2 of the Transaction Agreement. 

8. Adjustments and Other Rights. The Exercise Price and Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be subject to
adjustment from time to time as follows; provided that, if more than one subsection of this Section 8 is applicable to a single event, the subsection shall be applied that produces the largest adjustment, and no
single event shall cause an adjustment under more than one subsection of this Section 8 so as to result in duplication. 

-4- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

(i) Stock Splits, Subdivisions, Reclassifications, or Combinations. If the Company
shall at any time or from time to time (a) declare, order, pay, or make a dividend or make a distribution on its Common Stock in additional shares of Common Stock, (b) split, subdivide, or reclassify the outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a greater number of shares, or (c) combine or reclassify the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant at the time of the record date for such
dividend or distribution or the effective date of such split, subdivision, combination, or reclassification shall be proportionately adjusted so that the Warrantholder immediately after such record date or effective date, as the case may be, shall
be entitled to purchase the number of shares of Common Stock which such holder would have owned or been entitled to receive in respect of the shares of Common Stock subject to this Warrant after such date had this Warrant been exercised in full
immediately prior to such record date or effective date, as the case may be (disregarding whether or not this Warrant had been exercisable by its terms at such time). In the event of such adjustment, the Exercise Price in effect at the time of the
record date for such dividend or distribution or the effective date of such split, subdivision, combination, or reclassification shall be immediately adjusted to the number obtained by dividing (x) the product of (1) the number of Warrant
Shares issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant in full before the adjustment determined in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence (disregarding whether or not this Warrant was exercisable by its terms at such time) and (2) the
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the record or effective date, as the case may be, for the dividend, distribution, split, subdivision, combination, or reclassification giving rise to such adjustment by (y) the new number of Warrant
Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant in full determined in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence (disregarding whether or not this Warrant is exercisable by its terms at such time). 

(ii) [***] 

(iii)
Distributions. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, declares or makes any dividend or distributes to holders of shares of Common Stock (and not to the Warrantholder) evidence of its indebtedness or assets (including
cash and cash dividends or property) or rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock, or other securities, property, or options by way of a dividend, spin-off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement, or other similar transaction other than dividends or distributions under Section 8(i)) (collectively, a
Distribution), then the Exercise Price will be adjusted as of immediately before the date as of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of the shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (such date, the Distribution Reference Date) by reducing, the Exercise Price by the per share Fair Market Value of such Distribution. 

(iv) Acquisition Transactions. In case of any Acquisition Transaction or reclassification of Common Stock (other than a
reclassification of Common Stock subject to adjustment under Section 8(i)), notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (a) the Company shall notify the Warrantholder in writing of such
Acquisition Transaction or reclassification as promptly as practicable (but in no event later than 20 Business Days prior to the effectiveness thereof), which notice shall specify the expected date on which such qualifying Acquisition
Transaction is to take place and set forth the facts with respect thereto as shall be reasonably necessary to indicate the amount and type of consideration to each outstanding share of Common Stock, (b) the Warrant Shares shall vest and become
nonforfeitable and exercisable immediately prior to the consummation of such Acquisition Transaction or reclassification, and (c) in the event of the consummation prior to the Expiration Time of an Acquisition Transaction where the
consideration in such transaction is not solely cash consideration, the Warrantholders right to receive Warrant Shares upon exercise of this Warrant shall, at the option of the Warrantholder and to the fullest extent legally possible under
Applicable Laws, be converted, effective upon the occurrence of such Acquisition Transaction or reclassification, into (I) the right to exercise this 

-5- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

Warrant to acquire the number of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) that the shares of Common Stock issuable (at the time of such Acquisition Transaction or
reclassification) upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such Acquisition Transaction or reclassification would have been entitled to receive upon consummation of such Acquisition Transaction or reclassification or, (II) if any
exemption, authorization, consent, notice, or approval under Applicable Law is required or advisable from a Governmental Entity in connection with such Acquisition Transaction or reclassification, upon Amazons election in its sole discretion,
cash in an amount equal to the shares of Common Stock issuable (at the time of such Acquisition Transaction or reclassification) upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such Acquisition Transaction or reclassification that the
Warrantholder would have been entitled to receive upon consummation of such Acquisition Transaction or reclassification based on the Fair Market Value of such consideration (or in case of a tender offer, at the price in cash offered by the offeror
to the other shareholders). In determining the kind and amount of stock, securities, or property receivable upon exercise of this Warrant upon and following adjustment under this paragraph, if the holders of Common Stock have the right to elect the
kind or amount of consideration receivable upon consummation of such Acquisition Transaction, then the Warrantholder shall have the right to make the same election upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to the number of shares of stock or other
securities or property which the Warrantholder shall receive upon exercise of this Warrant. [***] 

(v) Rounding of Calculations;
Minimum Adjustments. All calculations under this Section 8 shall be made to the nearest one-tenth (1/10th) of a cent or to the nearest
one-hundredth (1/100th) of a share, as the case may be. Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 8 to the contrary, no adjustment in the Exercise Price or the number of
Warrant Shares into which this Warrant is exercisable shall be made if the amount of such adjustment would be less than $0.01 or one-tenth (1/10th) of a share of Common Stock, but any such amount shall be
carried forward, and an adjustment with respect thereto shall be made at the time of and together with any subsequent adjustment which, together with such amount and any other amount or amounts so carried forward, shall aggregate $0.01 or one-tenth (1/10th) of a share of Common Stock, or more. 

(vi) Timing of Issuance of Additional
Securities Upon Certain Adjustments. In any event in which (a) the provisions of this Section 8 shall require that an adjustment (the Subject Adjustment) shall become effective immediately after
a record date (the Subject Record Date) for an event and (b) the Warrantholder exercises this Warrant after the Subject Record Date and before the consummation of such event, the Company may defer until the consummation of
such event issuing to such Warrantholder the incrementally additional shares of Common Stock or other property issuable upon such exercise by reason of the Subject Adjustment; provided, however, that the Company upon request shall
promptly deliver to such Warrantholder a due bill or other appropriate instrument evidencing such Warrantholders right to receive such additional shares (or other property, as applicable) upon the consummation of such event. 

(vii) Statement Regarding Adjustments. Whenever the Exercise Price or the Warrant Shares into which this Warrant is exercisable shall
be adjusted as provided in Section 8, the Company shall promptly prepare a statement showing in reasonable detail the facts requiring such adjustment and the Exercise Price that shall be in effect and the Warrant Shares
into which this Warrant shall be exercisable after such adjustment, and cause a copy of such statement to be delivered to the Warrantholder as promptly as practicable after the event giving rise to the adjustment. 

-6- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

(viii) Notice of Adjustment Event. In the event that the Company shall propose to take
any action of the type described in this Section 8 (but only if the action of the type described in this Section 8 would result in an adjustment in the Exercise Price or the Warrant Shares into
which this Warrant is exercisable or a change in the type of securities or property to be delivered upon exercise of this Warrant), the Company shall provide as promptly as practicable written notice to the Warrantholder, which notice shall specify
the record date, if any, with respect to any such action and the approximate date on which such action is to take place. Such notice shall also set forth the facts with respect thereto as shall be reasonably necessary to indicate the effect on the
Exercise Price and the number, kind, or class of shares or other securities or property which shall be deliverable upon exercise of this Warrant. In the case of any action which would require the fixing of a record date, such notice shall be given
at least ten days prior to the date so fixed. In case of all other actions, such notice shall be given at least ten days prior to the taking of such proposed action unless the Company reasonably determines in good faith that, given the
nature of such action, the provision of such notice at least ten days in advance is not reasonably practicable from a timing perspective, in which case such notice shall be given as far in advance prior to the taking of such proposed action as
is reasonably practicable from a timing perspective. 

(ix) Adjustment Rules. Any adjustments under this
Section 8 shall be made successively whenever an event referred to herein shall occur. If an adjustment in the Exercise Price made hereunder would reduce the Exercise Price to an amount below par value of the Common Stock,
then such adjustment in the Exercise Price made hereunder shall reduce the Exercise Price to the par value of the Common Stock. 

(x) No
Impairment. The Company shall not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws, or any other organizational document, or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue, or sale of
securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Company, but shall at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all the
provisions of this Warrant. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Company shall not take or permit to be taken any action that would (a) increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon the exercise of
this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect or (b) entitle the Warrantholder to an adjustment under this Section 8 if the total number of shares of Common Stock issuable after such action upon exercise of this
Warrant in full (disregarding whether or not this Warrant is exercisable by its terms at such time), together with all shares of Common Stock then outstanding and all shares of Common Stock then issuable upon the exercise in full of any and all
outstanding Equity Securities (disregarding whether or not any such Equity Securities are exercisable by their terms at such time) would exceed the total number of shares of Common Stock then authorized by its certificate of incorporation. 

(xi) Proceedings Prior to Any Action Requiring Adjustment. As a condition precedent to the taking of any action which would require an
adjustment under this Section 8, the Company shall promptly take any and all action which may be necessary, including obtaining approvals of regulatory or other governmental bodies, the Principal Trading Market, or other
applicable securities exchange, corporate, or shareholder approvals or exemptions, so that the Company may thereafter validly and legally issue as fully paid and nonassessable all shares of Common Stock, or all other securities or other property,
that the Warrantholder is entitled to receive upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with this Section 8. 

(xii) No Adjustment for Permitted Transactions. Notwithstanding anything in this Warrant to the contrary, no adjustment shall be made
under this Section 8 in connection with any Permitted Transaction. 

-7- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

9. Beneficial Ownership Limitation. 

(i) Notwithstanding anything in this Warrant to the contrary, the Company shall not honor any exercise of this Warrant, and a Warrantholder
shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, to the extent that, after giving effect to an attempted exercise set forth on an applicable Notice of Exercise, such Warrantholder (together with such Warrantholders Affiliates,
and any other Person whose beneficial ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated with the Warrantholders for purposes of Section 13(d) or Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and any other applicable regulations of the Commission,
including any Group of which the Warrantholder is a member (the foregoing, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own a number of shares of Common Stock in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. For purposes of the
foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Warrantholder and its Attribution Parties shall include the number of Warrant Shares issuable under the Notice of Exercise with respect to which such determination
is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (a) exercise of the remaining, unexercised portion of any Warrant beneficially owned by such Warrantholder or any of its Attribution Parties and
(b) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including any warrants) beneficially owned by such Warrantholder or any of its Attribution Parties that are subject to a limitation on
conversion or exercise similar to the limitation contained herein. For purposes of this Section 9, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and any other applicable regulations of
the Commission. For purposes of this Section 9, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Warrantholder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following:
(X) the Companys most recent periodic or annual filing with the Commission, as the case may be, (Y) a more recent public announcement by the Company that is filed with the Commission, or (Z) a more recent notice by the Company
or the Companys transfer agent to the Warrantholder setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. Upon the written request of a Warrantholder, the Company shall, within three Trading Days thereof, confirm in writing
to such Warrantholder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to any actual conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
including the exercise of this Warrant, by such Warrantholder or its Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was last publicly reported or confirmed to the Warrantholder. The Company shall be
entitled to rely on representations made to it by the Warrantholder in any Notice of Exercise regarding its Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The Warrantholder acknowledges that the Warrantholder is solely responsible for any schedules or statements
required to be filed by it in accordance with Section 13(d) or Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 

(ii) The Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall initially be 4.999% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of Warrant Shares pursuant to such Notice of Exercise (to the extent permitted under
this Section 9); provided, however, that by written notice to the Company, which will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is given by the Warrantholder to the Company, the Warrantholder may waive or amend
the provisions of this Section 9 to change the Beneficial Ownership Limitation to any other number, and the provisions of this Section 9 shall continue to apply. Upon any such waiver or amendment to the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation may not be further waived or amended by the Warrantholder without first providing the minimum written notice required by the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at
any time following notice of an Acquisition Transaction under Section 8(iv) with respect to an Acquisition Transaction that is pursuant to any tender offer or exchange offer (by the Company or another Person (other than the
Warrantholder or any Affiliate of the Warrantholder)), the Warrantholder may waive or amend the Beneficial Ownership Limitation effective immediately upon written notice to the Company and may reinstitute a Beneficial Ownership Limitation at any
time thereafter effective immediately upon written notice to the Company. 

-8- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

(iii) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 9, none of the
provisions of this Section 9 shall restrict in any way the number of shares of Common Stock which the Warrantholder may receive or beneficially own in order to determine the amount of securities or other consideration that
the Warrantholder may receive in the event of an Acquisition Transaction as contemplated in Section 8 of this Warrant. 

10. Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Warrant shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of
the State of Delaware, without regard to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware.
In addition, each of the parties expressly (a) submits to the personal jurisdiction and venue of the Chancery Court of Delaware, or if such court is unavailable, the United States District Court for Delaware (the
Chosen Courts), in the event any dispute (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) arises out of this Warrant or the transactions contemplated hereby, (b) agrees that it shall not
attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court and waives any claim of lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue and any claims that such courts are an inconvenient forum, and
(c) agrees that it shall not bring any claim, action, or proceeding relating to this Warrant or the transactions contemplated hereby in any court other than the Chosen Courts, and in stipulated preference ranking, of the preceding
clause (a). Each party agrees that service of process upon such party in any such claim, action, or proceeding shall be effective if notice is given in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM, ACTION, OR PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS WARRANT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY. EACH PARTY (i) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT, OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE
FOREGOING WAIVER AND (ii) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS WARRANT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.

11. Binding Effect. This Warrant shall be binding upon any successors or assigns of the Company. 

12. Amendments. This Warrant may be amended and the observance of any term of this Warrant may be waived only with the written consent
of the Company and the Warrantholder. 

13. Notices. Any notice, request, instruction or other document to be given hereunder by any
party to the other shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) sent by the U.S. Postal Service (registered, return receipt service required), United Parcel Service or FedEx, in each case on an overnight basis,
signature receipt required, one Business Day after mailing, or (b) if otherwise personally delivered, when delivered with signature receipt required. No notice, request, or instruction may be deemed given through
e-mail, and the e-mail addresses provided in this section are simply for courtesy purposes but in no event shall constitute notice under this Warrant. All notices
hereunder shall 

-9- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

be delivered as set forth below, or in accordance with such other instructions as may be designated in writing by the party to receive such notice. 

If to the Company, to:

Name: Jabil Inc.

Address: 10800 Roosevelt Blvd. N

St. Petersburg, FL 33716

Email: [***]

Attn: [***]

with a copy to (which copy alone shall not constitute notice):

Name: Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP

Address: One Manhattan West

395 9th Avenue

New York, New York 10001

Email: [***]

Attn: [***]

If to Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC, to:

Name: Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC

c/o Amazon.com, Inc.

Address: 410 Terry Avenue North

Seattle, Washington 98109-5210

Attn: General Counsel

with a copy to (which copy alone shall not constitute notice):

Name: Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP

Address: 310 University Avenue

Palo Alto, California 94301

Attn: [***]

Email: [***]

14. Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire
agreement and supersede all other prior agreements, understandings, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, between the parties, with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

15. Specific Performance. The parties agree that the failure of any party to perform its agreements and covenants under this Warrant,
including a partys failure to take all actions as are necessary on such partys part in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Warrant to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Warrant, will cause irreparable injury to
the other party, for which monetary damages, even if available, will not be an adequate remedy. It is agreed that the parties shall be entitled to equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance of the terms hereof, without
the requirement of posting a bond or other security, and each party hereby consents to the issuance of injunctive relief by any court of competent jurisdiction to compel performance of a partys obligations and to the granting by any court of
the remedy of specific performance of such partys obligations under this Warrant, this being in addition to any other remedies to which the parties are entitled at law or equity. 

-10- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

16. Cumulative Remedies. The rights and remedies provided in this Warrant are
cumulative and are not exclusive of, and are in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights or remedies available at law, in equity or otherwise. 

17. Limitation of Liability. No provision of this Warrant, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Warrantholder to exercise
this Warrant to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of Warrantholder, shall give rise to any liability of the Warrantholder for the purchase price of any Warrant Shares or as a shareholder of the Company,
whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. The sole liability of the Warrantholder under this Warrant shall be the applicable aggregate Exercise Price if and when this Warrant is exercised in part or in whole.

18. Interpretation. Unless otherwise specified in this Warrant or the context otherwise requires: 

(i) when a reference is made in this Warrant to Sections or Annexes such reference shall be to a Section of, or Annex
to, this Warrant unless otherwise indicated; 

(ii) references to parties refer to the parties to this Warrant; 

(iii) the headings contained in this Warrant are for reference purposes only and are not part of this Warrant; 

(iv) any reference to a wholly owned subsidiary of a Person shall mean such subsidiary is directly or indirectly wholly owned by such Person;

(v) the terms defined in the singular have a comparable meaning when used in the plural and vice versa; 

(vi) if a term is defined as one part of speech (such as a noun), it shall have a corresponding meaning when used as another part of speech
(such as a verb); 

(vii) the terms defined in the singular shall have a comparable meaning when used in the plural and vice versa; 

(viii) words importing the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neutral genders and vice versa; 

(ix) references to hereto, herein, hereby, hereof, hereunder, and the like refer
to this Warrant as a whole and not to any particular section or provision, unless the context requires otherwise; 

(x) the word
extent in the phrase to the extent shall mean the degree to which a subject or other thing extends and such phrase shall not mean simply if; 

(xi) whenever the words include, includes, or including are used in this Warrant, they shall be deemed
followed by the words without limitation; 

-11- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

(xii) the rule known as the ejusdem generis rule shall not apply, and accordingly,
general words introduced by the word other shall not be given a restrictive meaning by reason of the fact that they are preceded by words indicating a particular class of acts, matters or things; 

(xiii) No rule of construction against the draftsperson shall be applied in connection with the interpretation or enforcement of this Warrant.
The parties have jointly negotiated and drafted this Warrant, and if an ambiguity or a question of intent or interpretation arises, this Warrant shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall
arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Warrant; 

(xiv) any forms of agreements
attached to this Warrant as exhibits shall be subject only to such ministerial additions, deletions, and modifications as necessary to complete any missing terms contemplated by the form to be completed by the parties or to correct any
scriveners errors in the form; 

(xv) the term dollars and the symbol $ mean U.S. Dollars and all amounts in
this Warrant shall be paid in U.S. Dollars, and if any amounts, costs, fees or expenses incurred by any party in connection with this Warrant are denominated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars, to the extent applicable, the U.S. Dollar
equivalent for such costs, fees and expenses shall be determined by converting such other currency to U.S. Dollars at the foreign exchange rates published in the Wall Street Journal or, if not reported thereby, another authoritative source
reasonably determined by Warrantholder, in effect at the time such amount, cost, fee or expense is incurred, and if the resulting conversion yields a number that extends beyond two decimal points, rounded to the nearest penny; 

(xvi) except as expressly stated in this Warrant, all references to any statute, rule, or regulation are to the statute, rule or regulation as
amended, modified, supplemented, or replaced from time to time (and, in the case of statutes, include any rules and regulations promulgated under the statute) and to any section of any statute, rule, or regulation include any successor to the
section; 

(xvii) when calculating the period of time within which, or following which, any action is to be taken under this Warrant, the
date that is the reference day in calculating such period shall be excluded and if the last day of the period is a non-Business Day, the period in question shall end on the next Business Day or if any action
must be taken hereunder on or by a day that is not a Business Day, then such action may be validly taken on or by the next day that is a Business Day and references to a number of days shall refer to calendar days unless Business Days are specified.

19. Definitions. Unless the context otherwise requires, when used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated.

30-Day VWAP means, as of any date, the volume-weighted average price per share
of the Common Stock, or any successor security thereto (rounded to the nearest second decimal place) on the Principal Trading Market (as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (or its successor) or if not available, by Dow Jones & Company Inc., or if
neither is available, by another authoritative source mutually agreed by the Company and the Warrantholder) from and including the Trading Day that is 30 Trading Days preceding such date to and including the last Trading Day immediately preceding
such date. 

Acquisition Transaction has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

Affiliate has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

-12- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

Aggregate Consideration means, in respect of an issuance of shares of
Common Stock (or Convertible Securities) as set forth in Section 8(ii), an amount equal to the sum of the gross offering price (before deduction of any related expenses payable to third parties, including discounts and
commissions) of all such shares of Common Stock and Convertible Securities, plus the aggregate amount, if any, payable upon conversion of any such Convertible Securities (assuming conversion in accordance with their terms immediately following their
issuance (and further assuming for this purpose that such Convertible Securities are convertible at such time)). 

Amazon means Amazon.com, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Antitrust Laws has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

Applicable Law has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

Appraisal Procedure means a procedure in accordance with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, Inc.
(AICPA) VS Section 100 - Valuation of a Business, Business Ownership Interest, Security or Intangible Asset and such other associated AICPA guidance as is reasonable and applicable whereby two independent
appraisers, each employed by a firm nationally recognized for its valuation expertise and each reasonably experienced in appraising the market value of securities of size in value and characteristics of the Warrant (each a Qualified
Appraiser), one chosen by the Company and one chosen by the Warrantholder, shall mutually agree upon the determinations then the subject of appraisal. Each party shall deliver a notice to the other party appointing its Qualified Appraiser
within 15 days after the date that the Appraisal Procedure is invoked. If within 30 days after receipt by each party of the other partys notice appointing its Qualified Appraiser, such appraisers are unable to agree upon the amount in
question, a third Qualified Appraiser shall be chosen within ten days after the end of such 30-day period: (i) by the mutual consent of such first two Qualified Appraisers; or (ii) if such two first
Qualified Appraisers fail to agree upon the appointment of a third appraiser, such appointment shall be made by the American Arbitration Association, or any organization successor thereto, from a panel of Qualified Appraisers on the application of
either of the first two Qualified Appraisers. If any Qualified Appraiser initially appointed shall, for any reason, be unable to serve, a successor Qualified Appraiser shall be appointed in accordance with the procedures under which the predecessor
Qualified Appraiser was appointed. In the event a third Qualified Appraiser is appointed, the decision of such third Qualified Appraiser shall be given within 30 days after such Qualified Appraisers appointment. If three Qualified Appraisers
are appointed and the determination of one appraiser is disparate from the middle determination by more than twice the amount by which the other determination is disparate from the middle determination, then (a) the determination of such
appraiser shall be excluded, (b) the remaining two determinations shall be averaged, and (c) such average shall be binding and conclusive upon the Company and the Warrantholder; otherwise, the average of all three determinations shall be
binding and conclusive upon the Company and the Warrantholder. The costs of conducting any Appraisal Procedure shall be borne 50% by the Company and 50% by the Warrantholder. The Qualified Appraisers shall act as experts and not arbitrators. 

Attribution Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 9(i). 

Beneficial Ownership Limitation has the meaning set forth in Section 9(ii). 

Board has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

Business Day has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

-13- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

Cash Exercise has the meaning set forth in
Section 2(ii). 

Cashless Exercise has the meaning set forth in
Section 2(ii). 

Cashless Exercise Ratio with respect to any exercise of this Warrant means a
fraction (i) the numerator of which is the excess of (x) the 30-Day VWAP as of the exercise date over (y) the Exercise Price, and (ii) the denominator of which is the 30-Day VWAP as of the exercise date. 

Chosen Courts has the meaning set forth in
Section 10. 

Commercial Agreement means that certain [***], by and between Company and
Amazon, including all annexes, schedules, exhibits, work orders and purchase orders thereto, whether existing as of the date hereof or made in the future, and as such an agreement may be amended from time to time. 

Commission has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

Common Stock means the Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company. 

Company means Jabil Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Confidentiality Agreement has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

conversion has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

Convertible Securities has the meaning set forth in Section 8(ii). 

Distribution has the meaning set forth in Section 8(iii). 

Distribution Reference Date has the meaning set forth in Section 8(iii). 

DTC has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

DWAC has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

Equity Securities has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor statute, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder. 

Exercise Conditions has the meaning set forth in Section 2(iii).

Exercise Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2(ii). 

Exercise Price has the meaning set forth in Section 1. 

Expiration Time has the meaning set forth in Section 2(ii). 

-14- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

Fair Market Value means, with respect to any security or other property,
the fair market value of such security or other property as determined by the Board, acting reasonably, in good faith and evidenced by a written notice delivered promptly to the Warrantholder (which written notice shall include certified resolutions
of the Board in respect thereof). If the Warrantholder objects in writing to the Boards calculation of fair market value within ten Business Days after receipt of written notice thereof, and the Warrantholder and the Company are unable to
agree on the fair market value during the ten-day period following the delivery of the Warrantholders objection, the Appraisal Procedure may be invoked by either the Company or the Warrantholder to
determine the fair market value of such security or other property by delivering written notification thereof not later than the 30th day after delivery of the Warrantholder objection. For the avoidance of doubt, the Fair Market Value of cash
shall be the amount of such cash. 

Governmental Entity has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement.

Group has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

Initial Antitrust Clearance has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

Initial Number has the meaning set forth in Section 8(ii). 

Market Price means, with respect to the Common Stock or any other security, on any given day, the last sale price, regular
way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, of the Common Stock or of such other security, as applicable, on the Principal Trading Market on such day (as reported by Bloomberg
L.P. (or its successor) or if not available, by Dow Jones & Company Inc., or if neither is available, by another authoritative source mutually agreed by the Company and the Warrantholder). If the Common Stock or such other security, as
applicable, is not listed on the Principal Trading Market as of any date of determination, the Market Price of the Common Stock or such other security, as applicable, on such date of determination means the closing sale price on such date as
reported in the composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock or such other security, as applicable, is so listed or quoted or, if no closing sale price is reported, the last
reported sale price on such date on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock or such other security, as applicable, is so listed or quoted, or if the Common Stock or such other security, as applicable, is
not so listed or quoted on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, the last quoted bid price on such date for the Common Stock or such other security, as applicable, in the
over-the-counter market as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization, or if that bid price is not available, the Market Price of the Common Stock or
such other security, as applicable, on that date shall mean the Fair Market Value per share as of such date of the Common Stock or such other security (as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (or its successor) or if not available, by Dow Jones &
Company Inc., or if neither is available, by another authoritative source mutually agreed by the Company and the Warrantholder). To determine the Market Price of the Common Stock or any such other security, as applicable, on the Trading Day
preceding, on, or following the occurrence of an event, (a) that Trading Day shall be deemed to commence immediately after the regularly scheduled closing time of trading on the applicable exchange, market or organization, or if trading is
closed at an earlier time, such earlier time and (b) that Trading Day shall end at the next regularly scheduled closing time, or if trading is closed at an earlier time, such earlier time (for the avoidance of doubt, and as an example, if the
Market Price is to be determined as of the last Trading Day preceding a specified event and the closing time of trading on a particular day is 4:00 p.m. (New York City time), and the specified event occurs at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time)
on that day, the Market Price would be determined by reference to such 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) closing price). 

Notice of Exercise means a duly completed notice of exercise in substantially the form attached as Annex B hereto
and executed by Warrantholder. 

-15- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

Notice of Vesting Event means a duly completed notice of Vesting Event in
substantially the form attached as Annex A hereto and executed by the Company. 

Permitted Transactions means
(a) issuances of shares of Common Stock (including upon exercise of options, granting of restricted stock awards, or settlement of restricted stock units) to directors, advisors, employees, or consultants of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries in accordance with a stock option plan, employee stock purchase plan, restricted stock plan, other employee benefit plan, or other similar compensatory agreement or arrangement approved by the Board, (b) issuances of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, and (c) issuances of shares of Common Stock in a financing for capital raising purposes at or above the Market Price of the Common Stock as of the last Business Day prior to the earliest of
(i) the pricing of the transaction, or (ii) the public announcement of a proposed sale (or in the case of an underwritten public offering, at or above 95% of the Market Price of the Common Stock as of the Business Day prior to the public
announcement of the launch of such offering). 

Person has the meaning given to it in
Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act and as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act. 

Pricing Date has the meaning set forth in Section 8(ii). 

Principal Trading Market means the trading market on which the Common Stock, or any successor security thereto, is
primarily listed and quoted for trading, and which, as of the Issue Date is the New York Stock Exchange. 

Qualified
Appraiser has the meaning set forth in the definition of Appraisal Procedure. 

Qualifying
Payments means (x) aggregate gross payments made by or on behalf of Amazon and/or any of its Affiliates (including by third parties), relating to business anywhere in the world under the Commercial Agreement or otherwise, less
(y) payments for Amazon Funded Components (as defined in the Commercial Agreement). 

Securities Act means the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any successor statute, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Subject
Adjustment has the meaning set forth in Section 8(vi). 

Subject Record Date has the
meaning set forth in Section 8(vi). 

subsidiary has the meaning ascribed to it in the
Transaction Agreement. 

Trading Day means a day on which the Principal Trading Market is open for trading. 

Transaction Agreement means the Transaction Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, as it may be amended from time to time,
by and between the Company and Amazon, including all annexes, schedules, and exhibits thereto. 

Transaction Documents
has the meaning ascribed to it in the Transaction Agreement. 

-16- 

Certain identified information in this document has been omitted because it is both (i) not material and
(ii) is of a type that is treated as private and confidential, and has been marked with [***] to indicate where omissions have been made. 

Vesting Event means (a) with respect to [***] Warrant Shares, the
execution of the Warrant, (b) with respect to increments of [***] Warrant Shares, once Qualifying Payments have exceeded $[***] in the aggregate, each time at which the Company and/or any of its Affiliates have collectively received an
additional $[***] of Qualifying Payments (i.e., $[***] , $[***] , and $[***] , etc.) until and including such time as the Company and/or any of its Affiliates have collectively received $[***] of Qualifying Payments, (c) in addition to and
independent from clause (b) hereof, with respect to [***] Warrant Shares, the time at which the Company and/or any of its Affiliates have collectively received Qualifying Payments totaling $[***] , and (d) with respect to increments of
[***] Warrant Shares, once Qualifying Payments have exceeded $[***] in the aggregate, each time at which the Company and/or any of its Affiliates have collectively received an additional $[***] of Qualifying Payments (i.e., $[***] , $[***] , and
$[***] , etc.) until and including such time as the Company and/or any of its Affiliates have collectively received $[***] of Qualifying Payments. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) Vesting Events shall stop occurring once the maximum aggregate
number of Warrant Shares specified under Section 1 have vested in accordance with such Vesting Events, (ii) if a given Vesting Event would cause the number of shares vested to exceed the number of Warrant Shares specified under
Section 1 then only the number of shares up to and including the maximum aggregate number of Warrant Shares specified under Section 1 (subject to applicable adjustment or supplementation under this Warrant) shall vest
during the final such Vesting Event, and (iii) the number of Warrant Shares that will vest in connection with a Vesting Event is subject to adjustments as provided herein. 

Warrant means this Warrant, issued in connection with the Transaction Agreement. 

Warrant Shares has the meaning set forth in Section 1. 

Warrantholder means, in relation to this Warrant, the Person who is the holder of this Warrant. The Warrantholder shall
initially be Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC, a Nevada limited liability company. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

-17- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by a duly
authorized officer. 

Dated: December 27, 2024 

JABIL INC.

By: 

/s/ Matthew Crowley

Name: Matthew Crowley

Title: Executive Vice President, Intelligent Infrastructure Segment

Acknowledged and Agreed

AMAZON.COM NV INVESTMENT HOLDINGS LLC

By: 

/s/ Michael Phillips

Name: Michael Phillips

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Warrant] 

Annex A 

[Form of Notice of Vesting Event] 

Date: 

TO: 

Amazon.com, Inc. 

RE: 

Notice of Vesting Event 

Reference is made to that certain Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated as of December 27, 2024 (the Warrant),
issued to Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC representing a warrant to purchase 1,158,539 shares of common stock of Jabil Inc. (the Company). Capitalized terms used herein without definition are used as defined in the Warrant.

The undersigned hereby delivers notice to you that a Vesting Event has occurred under the terms of the Warrant. 

A. 

Vesting Event. The following Vesting Event has occurred on or around [], 20__.

B. 

Vested Warrant Shares. After giving effect to the Vesting Event referenced in Paragraph A above, the
aggregate number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant that have vested under the terms of the Warrant is: 

C. 

Exercised Warrant Shares. The aggregate number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant
that have been exercised as of the date hereof is: 

D. 

Purchase Price of Exercised Warrant Shares. The aggregate purchase price of the Warrant Shares that have
been exercised as of the date hereof is: 

E. 

Unexercised Warrant Shares. After giving effect to the Vesting Event referenced in Paragraph A above,
the aggregate number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant that have vested but remain unexercised under the Warrant is: 

F. 

Number of Shares Outstanding. The number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the date hereof is:

JABIL INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Annex B 

[Form of Notice of Exercise] 

Date: 

TO: 

Jabil Inc. 

RE: 

Election to Purchase Shares of Warrant Shares 

The undersigned, in accordance with the provisions set forth in the attached Warrant, hereby agrees to subscribe for and purchase the number
of Warrant Shares set forth below covered by such Warrant. The undersigned, in accordance with Section 2 of the Warrant, hereby agrees to pay the aggregate Exercise Price for such shares of Common Stock. A new warrant
evidencing the remaining Warrant Shares covered by such Warrant, but not yet subscribed for and purchased, if any, should be issued in the name of the Warrantholder. Capitalized terms used herein without definition are used as defined in the
Warrant. 

Number of Warrant Shares with respect to which the Warrant is being exercised (including shares to be withheld as payment of the Exercise Price
in accordance with Section 2(ii) of the Warrant, if any): ______________________________________ 

Method of Payment of Exercise
Price (note if Cashless Exercise or Cash Exercise, in either case in accordance with Section 2 of the Warrant): ___________________________________ 

Aggregate Exercise Price: _______________________________ 

Holder: 

By: 

Name: 

Title:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>jbl-20241227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>jbl-20241227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>jbl-20241227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Dec. 27, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name JABIL INC

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000898293

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Dec. 27, 2024

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-14063

Entity Tax Identification Number 38-1886260

Entity Address, Address Line One 10800 Roosevelt Boulevard North

Entity Address, City or Town St. Petersburg

Entity Address, State or Province FL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 33716

City Area Code (727)

Local Phone Number 577-9749

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol JBL

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.jabil.com//20241227/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d891169d8k.htm 
jbl-20241227.xsd 
jbl-20241227_lab.xml 
jbl-20241227_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-001065-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>d891169d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000898293 

2024-12-27 
2024-12-27 

JABIL INC 
false 
0000898293 
8-K 
2024-12-27 
DE 
001-14063 
38-1886260 
10800 Roosevelt Boulevard North 
St. Petersburg 
FL 
33716 
(727) 
577-9749 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share 
JBL 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>