<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-003236.txt : 20250122
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-003236.hdr.sgml : 20250122
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250122162655
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-003236
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250115
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250122
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sanara MedTech Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000714256
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ORTHOPEDIC, PROSTHETIC & SURGICAL APPLIANCES & SUPPLIES [3842]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				592220004
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39678
		FILM NUMBER:		25546275

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 SUMMIT AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 414
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		817-529-2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1200 SUMMIT AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 414
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WOUND MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080611

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MB SOFTWARE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960805

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INAV TRAVEL CORPORATION
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000071425600007142562025-01-152025-01-15iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 15, 2025

SANARA
MEDTECH INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Texas 001-39678 59-2219994

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer 

Identification
No.)

1200
Summit Avenue, Suite 414

Fort
Worth, Texas 76102

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (817)529-2300

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Not
Applicable

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.001 par value SMTI The
Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth
company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
5.02 Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Appointment
of New Chief Financial Officer

On
January 15, 2025 (the Effective Date), the Board of Directors (the Board) of Sanara MedTech Inc. (the Company)
appointed Elizabeth B. Taylor to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, including the role of principal financial officer,
effective as of the Effective Date.

Ms.
Taylor, age 49, has served in various senior financial roles over the last 20 years. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Taylor served
from 2018 to 2025 as the Chief Financial Officer and as a board member of Imbed Biosciences, Inc., a privately held medical device company
developing and commercializing innovative solutions to improve wound care. In 2011, Ms. Taylor founded Burnett Taylor Consulting, LLC,
an advisory firm that counseled high net worth clients on their investments, and served as a financial advisor until 2023. Before founding
her own company, Ms. Taylor was the Chief Operating Officer of PioneerPath Capital, a start-up division within Citadel Investment Group
from 2008 to 2010. Prior to that, Ms. Taylor was the Chief Operating Officer and Co-Founder of Tala Investments, LP, a value hedge fund
from 2005 to 2008. Ms. Taylor began her career in private equity. Ms. Taylor received a Bachelor of Arts from Princeton University and
an MBA from Harvard Business School.

Chief
Financial Officer Employment Agreement

In
connection with Ms. Taylors appointment as Chief Financial Officer, the Company entered into an executive employment agreement
(the Taylor Employment Agreement), effective as of the Effective Date, pursuant to which Ms. Taylor will serve as the Chief
Financial Officer of the Company for a two (2) year term with automatic successive one (1) year renewals, unless earlier terminated in
accordance with the terms of the Taylor Employment Agreement.

The
Taylor Employment Agreement provides that Ms. Taylors annual base salary will be $250,000, less applicable taxes and other legal
withholdings, which may be periodically adjusted to the market at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board. Further,
Ms. Taylor will be eligible to receive an annual award of shares of restricted common stock equal to an amount of up to 75% of her base
salary, subject to the approval of the Board. Ms. Taylor will also be eligible to receive an annual cash bonus of up to 75% of her base
salary based on annual performance metrics during the term of her employment, subject to the approval of the Board, customary benefits
and reimbursement for reasonable business expenses, as well as other customary employment benefits, including paid vacation.

Pursuant
to the Taylor Employment Agreement, in the event that Ms. Taylors employment is terminated by the Company without cause
(as defined in the Taylor Employment Agreement), by the Company or any successor entity within one (1) year of the effective date of
a change of control (as defined in the Taylor Employment Agreement) or by Ms. Taylor for good reason (as
defined in the Taylor Employment Agreement), Ms. Taylor will be entitled to receive a severance package which includes one (1) year of
base salary following the effective date of termination, paid in twenty-four (24) equal semi-monthly installments in accordance with
the Companys regular payroll practices, the accelerated vesting of any stock awards granted prior to the effective date of termination
and continued participation in any health care benefits provided by the Company to its employees for the period of time during which
severance payments are paid to Ms. Taylor, which continued participation in health care benefits may be through participation under the
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA), and reimbursement of COBRA premiums paid by Ms. Taylor for such
continued participation; provided that Ms. Taylor executes and delivers to the Company an executed release of claims.

The
Taylor Employment Agreement also contains customary provisions relating to, among other things, confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation,
non-interference and non-disparagement.

The
foregoing description of the Taylor Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the Taylor Employment Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1
to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

Other
than the Taylor Employment Agreement, there are no arrangements or understandings between Ms. Taylor and any other persons pursuant to
which she was selected to serve as the Companys Chief Financial Officer. There is no family relationship between Ms. Taylor and
any director or executive officer of the Company. In addition, there are no transactions between the Company and Ms. Taylor or her immediate
family members requiring disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act).

Modification
of Duties; Change in Title to Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Administrative Officer

In
connection with the appointment of Ms. Taylor as Chief Financial Officer, the Company modified the professional duties and title of Michael
D. McNeil, who has served as the Companys Chief Financial Officer since April 2018, such that Mr. McNeil will serve as the Chief
Accounting Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of the Company, including the role of principal accounting officer, effective as
of the Effective Date.

Chief
Accounting Officer and Chief Administrative Officer Amended and Restated Employment Agreement

On
January 21, 2025, the Company entered into an amended and restated executive employment agreement with Mr. McNeil, effective as of the
Effective Date (the McNeil Amended and Restated Employment Agreement), which amends and restates Mr. McNeils existing
employment agreement with the Company, dated as of April 28, 2022 (the Existing Employment Agreement). Except as provided
herein, all other terms and conditions of the McNeil Amended and Restated Employment Agreement are substantially the same as such terms
and conditions under the Existing Employment Agreement.

The
McNeil Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, among other things, (i) modifies Mr. McNeils title and duties to reflect his
new role as the Companys Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Administrative Officer, (ii) increases Mr. McNeils annualized
base salary to $234,000, (iii) increases the annual cash bonus Mr. McNeil is eligible to receive from up to 50% of his
base salary to up to 75% of his base salary, which bonus is based on annual performance metrics during the term of his employment and
is subject to the approval of the Board, (iv) provides that, in the event that Mr. McNeil resigns or retires from the Company and provides
notice of such resignation or retirement within one (1) year of the Effective Date, Mr. McNeil will have the right to terminate the agreement
for good reason (as defined in the McNeil Amended and Restated Employment Agreement) and (v) provides that in the event
that Mr. McNeils employment is terminated by the Company without cause (as defined in the McNeil Amended and Restated
Employment Agreement), by the Company or any successor entity within one (1) year of the effective date of a change of control
(as defined in the McNeil Amended and Restated Employment Agreement) or by Mr. McNeil for good reason, Mr. McNeil will
be entitled to receive a severance package which includes one (1) year of base salary following the effective date of termination, paid
in twenty-four (24) equal semi-monthly installments in accordance with the Companys regular payroll practices, the accelerated
vesting of any stock awards granted prior to the effective date of termination and continued participation in any health care benefits
provided by the Company to its employees for the period of time during which severance payments are paid to Mr. McNeil, which continued
participation in health care benefits may be through participation under COBRA, and reimbursement of COBRA premiums paid by Mr. McNeil
for such continued participation; provided that Mr. McNeil executes and delivers to the Company an executed release of claims.

The
McNeil Amended and Restated Employment Agreement also contains customary provisions relating to, among other things, confidentiality,
non-competition, non-solicitation, non-interference and non-disparagement.

The
foregoing description of the McNeil Amended and Restated Employment Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the McNeil Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit
10.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item
7.01 Regulation
FD Disclosure.

On
January 21, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the appointment of Ms. Taylor as the Companys new Chief Financial
Officer. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein.

The
information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed
for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject
to the liabilities under that section. Further, the information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1,
shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of the Company under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether
made before or after the date hereof and regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

Item
9.01 Financial
Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

10.1 Employment Agreement, effective January 15, 2025, by and between Sanara MedTech Inc. and Elizabeth B. Taylor.

10.2 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective January 15, 2025, by and between Sanara MedTech Inc. and Michael D. McNeil.

99.1 Press Release, issued January 21, 2025 (furnished pursuant to Item 7.01).

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Date: January
22, 2025 

Sanara
MedTech Inc.

By: /s/
Michael D. McNeil

Name: Michael D. McNeil 

Title: Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Administrative Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

THIS
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), executed to be effective as of January 15, 2025 (the Effective
Date), is entered into by and between Sanara MedTech Inc., a Texas corporation (Sanara,
the Company, or the Employer), and Elizabeth B. Taylor (Employee).
The Employer and Employee may be referred to singularly as Party or collectively as Parties.

WITNESSETH:

1.
Employment Term. Employees employment and the initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and
continue for twenty-four (24) months, unless earlier terminated as provided in Section 5; provided, however, if not earlier
terminated, Employees employment under this Agreement shall automatically renew or extend for consecutive terms of twelve (12) months,
unless earlier terminated as provided in Section 5 (collectively, the Term). Termination of Employees employment
under this Agreement for any reason whatsoever by any Party shall have no effect on the continued enforceability of Sections 4(f), 4(g),
and 7 through 22 of this Agreement, which shall survive the expiration or termination of Employees employment under this Agreement,
except as otherwise provided herein. Employee accepts such employment and agrees to perform the services specified herein, all upon the
terms and conditions hereinafter stated.

2.
Duties. Employee shall serve in the position of Chief Financial Officer of the Company and will report to the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company. Employee further agrees to perform such other services for the Employer, and for any parent, subsidiary or affiliate
corporations of the Employer and any partnerships in which the Employer may from time to time have an interest (collectively, the Affiliates).
The term Employer as used in this Agreement shall be deemed to include and refer to all such Affiliates. During the Term,
Employee agrees to devote Employees full time and energy and all of Employees skill and best efforts to the performance of Employees job duties, as assigned by Employer, and to the business of Employer and shall perform such duties in a diligent, trustworthy, and
business-like manner in full compliance with all applicable laws. Employee shall not at any time during Employees employment with Employer:
(a) work on any basis (including, without limitation, part-time or as an independent contractor) for a Competing Business (as defined
in Section 7); or (b) participate in any material way in any other business that is not a Competing Business to the extent that such
participation adversely affects Employees performance of Employees job duties for Employer in any manner. Employee acknowledges and
agrees that Employee will comply with Employers existing and future policies, manuals and procedures as adopted and provided to Employee.

3.
Compensation and Benefits. As payment for the services to be rendered by Employee hereunder during the Term of this Agreement,
Employee shall be entitled to compensation and benefits as set forth in Exhibit B.

4.
Covenants of Employee. For and in consideration of the employment herein contemplated and the consideration paid or promised
to be paid by the Employer, the opportunity to obtain grants of shares of common stock of Employer, Employers giving Employee access
to Confidential Information during the Term as determined by Employer, Employee does hereby covenant, agree, and promise that during
the Term hereof and for a period thereafter to the extent specifically provided in this Agreement as follows:

(a)
Employee will not actively engage, directly or indirectly, in any other business if such involvement would (i) interfere with his or
her duties as set forth herein, or (ii) violate the provisions of Section 7, Section 8 or Section 9.

(b)
Employee will not engage, directly or indirectly, in any activity that is directly competitive with the business of the Employer. This
prohibition shall include the ownership, management, operation, control of, employment by, participation in, in any manner, any business
of the type that is competitive with the business of Employer.

(c)
Employee will truthfully and accurately make, maintain, and preserve all records and reports that the Employer may from time-to-time
request or require.

(d)
Employee will fully account for all money, records, goods, wares, and merchandise, or other property belonging to the Employer of which
Employee has custody, and will promptly deliver the same whenever and however Employee may be reasonably directed to do so.

(e)
Employee will obey all rules, regulations, and special instructions applicable to Employee, including but not limited to, those set forth
in the then existing Employee Policy Manual (as defined in Exhibit B) of the Employer, if any, and will be loyal and faithful
to the Employer at all times, constantly endeavoring to improve Employees ability and knowledge of the business in an effort to increase
the value of Employees services for the mutual benefit of the Parties.

(f)
Employee agrees that upon the earlier of the request of Employer or termination of Employees employment with Employer for any reason,
Employee will immediately surrender and turn over to the Employer all books, records, forms, specifications, formulae, data, processes,
papers and writings related to the business of the Employer and all other property belonging to the Employer, together with all copies
of the foregoing, it being understood and agreed that the same are the sole property of the Employer and that such Employer property
shall be returned to Employer without such property or any files or data thereon being deleted, altered or damaged.

(g)
Employee agrees that all ideas, concepts, processes, discoveries, devices, machines, tools, materials, designs, improvements, inventions,
and other things of value (collectively, Intangible Rights), whether patentable or not, which are conceived,
made, invented, or suggested either by Employee alone or in collaboration with others during the Term of Employees employment which
pertain to the Business, and whether or not during regular working hours, shall be promptly disclosed in writing to the Employer and
shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Employer. Employee hereby assigns all of Employees right, title, and interest in and
to all such Intangible Rights to the Employer, which Employer may then assign to Employers successors or assignees. In the event that
any of said Intangible Rights are deemed by the Employer to be patentable or otherwise registerable under any federal, state, or foreign
law, Employee further agrees that, at the expense of Employer, Employee will execute all documents and do all things necessary, advisable,
or proper to obtain patents therefor or registration thereof, and to vest in the Employer full title thereto. The Parties recognize that
this Agreement does not require assignment of any materials (i) developed entirely on Employees own time; and (ii) developed without
equipment, supplies, facility, trade secrets, or proprietary information of Employer or any of the Affiliates, unless such Materials
either: (a) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to any portion of the Business, or actual or demonstrably
anticipated research of development of Employer or any of the Affiliates; or (b) result from any work performed by Employee for Employer
or any of the Affiliates. All inventions and works of authorship, if any, patented or unpatented, registered or unregistered, that Employee
made prior to the Effective Date that are not owned by Employer are listed on an attachment hereto (hereafter referred to as the Prior
Materials). If no such list is attached, Employee represents that Employee does not own or possess any Prior Materials.
Employee shall not use any Prior Materials in any manner in connection with the Business. If Employee incorporates Prior Materials owned
by Employee, or in which Employee has an interest, into any work or services for the Employer or any of the Affiliates, the Employer
and the Affiliates are hereby granted and shall have a nonexclusive, royalty-free, fully paid-up, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide,
sublicensable (directly or indirectly) license to make, have made, modify, use, sell, have sold, copy, distribute, create derivative
works, display, perform, and transmit such Prior Materials.

2

(h)
Employee shall not, by reason of this Agreement, have any vested interest in, or right, title or claim to, any land, buildings, equipment,
machinery, processes, systems, products, contracts, goods, wares, merchandise, business assets, or other things of value belonging to
or which may hereafter be acquired, owned or leased from Employee by the Employer, without the prior written consent of Employer.

(i)
Employee acknowledges that the nature of Employees position with the Employer may mandate that Employee perform such duties and render
such services as are required of Employee hereunder.

(j)
Employee agrees that Employee will not disparage Employer or any of its officers, directors, or employees.

5.
Termination. Employees employment under this Agreement may be terminated as follows:

(a)
Termination by Employer for Cause. The Employer may terminate the employment of Employee if Employee engages in any of the following
conduct (termination for Cause):

(i)
breaching any material provision of this Agreement;

(ii)
misappropriating funds or property of the Employer or any of the Affiliates;

(iii)
securing any personal profit not thoroughly disclosed to and approved by the Employer in connection with any transaction entered into
on behalf of the Employer or any of the Affiliates;

(iv)
engaging in conduct, even if not in connection with the performance of Employees duties hereunder, which might be reasonably expected
to result in any effect materially adverse to the interests of the Employer or any of the Affiliates, such as fraud, dishonesty, indictment
or conviction for (or pleading nolo contendere to) any felony or a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, or the indictment for
any felony or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude;

(v)
failing to satisfactorily fulfill and perform Employees duties in accordance with the terms hereof, except for any failure caused by
disability or death of Employee, as defined below; or

(vi)
failing to comply with corporate policies of the Employer, including, but not limited to, those policies set forth in Section 20.

(b)
Termination by Employer without Cause. The Employer may terminate Employees employment under this Agreement without Cause at
any time upon written notice to Employee.

3

(c) Termination
by Employer upon Death or Disability of Employee. The Employer may terminate Employees employment under this Agreement upon the
death or Disability of Employee. There shall be deemed to be Disability and Employee
Disabled for the purposes of this Agreement only if: (i) a medical doctor certifies that Employee has
for ninety (90) consecutive or non-consecutive days in any twelve (12) month period been disabled in a manner which has rendered
Employee unable to perform the essential functions of Employees job duties, with or without reasonable accommodation; (ii)
Employee is determined to be disabled under the terms of any long-term disability plan in effect for Employers employees at
the applicable time; or (iii) Employee is determined to be disabled by the U.S. Social Security Administration. Employee will
cooperate in submitting to any requested medical examination for the purpose of certifying disability under this Section 5(c) and
will sign any documents needed to release the results of such medical examination to the Employer or the Employers designee
for the purpose of any determination under this Section 5(c).

(d)
Termination by Employee for Convenience. Employee shall have the right to terminate Employees employment under this Agreement
at any time for any reason, or no reason at all.

(e)
Termination by Employee for Good Reason. Employee shall have the right to terminate Employees employment under this Agreement
at any time for Good Reason, subject to the cure rights set forth below. Good Reason shall mean the occurrence
of any of the following, in each case without Employees consent:

(i)
A material reduction to Employees Base Salary (as defined in Exhibit B);

(ii)
A material breach by the Employer of this Agreement; or

(iii)
A material, adverse change in Employees title or authority.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, none of the occurrences outlined in clauses (i)-(iii) above shall constitute Good Reason for Employees resignation from
employment unless the following conditions are satisfied: (1) Employee provides the Board written notice of such occurrence, with such
notice specifying the date and amount of any reduction, how the Agreement was materially breached, or the material adverse change in
title or authority, as applicable, and the obligation to cure within sixty (60) days of the initial existence of such reduction, breach,
or change; (2) Employer fails to cure such reduction, breach, or change within forty-five (45) days from the date the written notice
from Employee is delivered to the Board; and (3) Employees resignation for Good Reason must be effective no later than one-hundred and
ten (110) days after the initial reduction, breach, or change that is the basis for the Good Reason.

(f)
Notice of Termination. Any termination of Employees employment under this Agreement pursuant to Section 1 or this Section 5 (other
than pursuant to Section 5(c) on account of Employees death) shall be communicated by written notice of termination (each, a Notice
of Termination) to the other Party in the manner provided in Section 10. The Notice of Termination shall specify: (i)
the termination provision of this Agreement relied upon; and (ii) the applicable date of termination. Any termination under Section 5(d)
or 5(e) shall require Employee to provide a minimum of ninety (90) days notice to Employer.

4

6.
Payment upon Termination.

(a)
In the event Employees employment under this Agreement is terminated by (i) Employer without Cause, (ii) Employer or any successor entity
within one (1) year of the effective date of a Change of Control (as hereinafter defined), or (iii) Employee for Good Reason, Employee
shall be entitled to receive a severance package which will include one (1) year of Base Salary (as defined in Exhibit B)
following the effective date of termination, paid in twenty-four (24) equal semi-monthly installments in accordance with the Employers regular payroll practices, the accelerated vesting of any stock grants granted prior to the effective date of termination, and continued
participation in any health care benefits provided by the Employer to its employees for the period of time during which severance payments
are paid to Employee, which continued participation in health care benefits may be through participation under the Consolidated Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA) and reimbursement of COBRA premiums paid by Employee for such continued
participation; provided Employee executes and delivers to Employer a release in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A and in accordance with the terms of such release. Any and all amounts received by Employee pursuant to this Section 6(b) shall
constitute the full and total amount of liquidated damages that Employee shall be entitled to receive from the Employer and its Affiliates,
and Employee releases any and all other contract or tort claims arising out of Employees employment relationship with the Employer or
any relationship with any of the Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the time period for Employee to return a validly
executed, irrevocable release described in this Section 6(b) spans two taxable years, the salary continuation payments described in this
section shall not commence until the second taxable year, with the first such payment including any amounts that would have been paid
to Employee prior to such time but for this provision of Section 6(b). For the purposes of this Agreement, a Change of Control
shall be deemed to occur upon the happening of any of the following:

(i)
If there occurs a change in the composition of the Board of Directors of Company as a result of which fewer than a majority of the directors
are the same directors constituting such board as of the Effective Date.

(ii)
Company is party to a merger or consolidation, or series of related transactions, which results in the outstanding shares of Company
immediately prior thereto failing to continue to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities
of the surviving or another entity) Fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company
or such surviving or other entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation.

(iii)
The sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets (or consummation of any transaction, or series of related
transactions, having similar effect).

(b)
In the event Employees employment under this Agreement is terminated by Employer due to Employees death or Disability, Employee or
Employees estate shall be entitled to receive Employees Base Salary (as defined in Exhibit B) earned and accrued through the
effective date of termination (including any vested common stock granted to Employee), plus reimbursement for any approved expenses incurred
but unpaid as of such date in accordance with Exhibit B, Section 2, all of which shall constitute the full and total amount of
liquidated damages that Employee shall be entitled to receive from the Employer and its Affiliates, and Employee releases any and all
other contract or tort claims arising out of Employees employment relationship with the Employer any relationship with any of the Affiliates.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, it is understood and agreed that Employees claims for workers compensation or personal
injury caused by Employers gross negligence and/or willful misconduct shall not be waived.

(c)
All amounts due and owing to either Employee or Employer under this Agreement shall be subject to offset to the extent permitted
by law by the amount of actual damages, if any, caused to either Party by any breach of this Agreement.

5

7.
Covenant Not to Compete. Employee recognizes that the Employer has business goodwill and other legitimate business interests
which must be protected in connection with and in addition to the Confidential Information as defined in Section 9 below,
and therefore, in exchange for access to the Confidential Information and the opportunity to obtain shares of common stock of the Company,
Employee agrees and covenants that during Employees employment or any other engagement with Employer and for twelve (12) months thereafter,
no matter the reason for any termination of employment or engagement (the Restricted Period), subject to
the provisions contained hereinbelow, as follows:

(a)
Agreement Not to Compete. Employee will not, either directly or indirectly, (a) for Employee, or (b) as a shareholder, owner,
partner, joint venturer, promoter, consultant, manager, independent contractor, agent, employee or in any other capacity, participate
in or provide services to a Competing Business (as defined below) within the Territory (as defined below).

(b)
Agreement Not to Solicit Customers. Employee will not, either directly or indirectly, on Employees own behalf or in the service
of or on behalf of any other person or entity, solicit or attempt to divert to a Competing Business or to any third party any person,
concern, or entity who is or was, or in the future will be (at the time of solicitation), a Customer of Employer or any of the Affiliates
whether within or without the Territory. Further, Employee will not, either directly or indirectly, on Employees own behalf or in the
service of or on behalf of any other person or entity, initiate a call upon any person or entity who is, or was, or in the future will
be (at the time of solicitation), a Customer of Employer or any of the Affiliates for the purpose of diverting or appropriating business
to a Competing Business or to any third party, and further, if any such Customer initiates a call upon Employee, then Employee shall
not entertain any such call without first receiving approval from the Employer. Employee agrees that, among other actions, any notification,
update or other communication to any such Customer of Employees relationship or status with any Competing Business whether such
notification or update is through LinkedIn, Facebook, any other social media outlet, email, letter or by any other method constitutes
a solicitation of business and an attempt to transact business with such Customer.

(c)
Agreement Not to Solicit Employees. Employee will not, either directly or indirectly, on Employees own behalf or in the service
of or on behalf of any other person or entity, hire, solicit, divert, or recruit any employee or contractor of Employer or any of the
Affiliates with whom Employee had contact during Employees employment with Employer or any former contractor or employee of Employer
or any of the Affiliates with whom Employee had contact during Employees employment with Employer, unless such former contractor or
former employees relationship with the Employer or any of the Affiliates (looking at the date of the last relationship between Employee
and either Employer or any of the Affiliates) has been terminated for at least twelve (12) months as of the date of such hiring, solicitation,
diversion or recruitment, to leave such employment or engagement or otherwise terminate his or her employment or engagement, whether
or not such employment or engagement is pursuant to a written contract or at-will, or become hired or engaged by any other person or
entity.

6

(d)
Non-Interference. Employee will not induce or solicit or attempt to induce or solicit or cause, in any way, any actual or prospective
Customer of Employer or any of the Affiliates or assist any other person or entity in inducing or soliciting or attempting to induce
or solicit or causing, in any way, any such person or entity to discontinue or decrease its respective relationship with Employer or
any of the Affiliates.

Business
means providing, selling, developing or manufacturing wound and/or skin care and/or soft tissue repair related products of the
type or nature of, or competitive with, those provided, sold or manufactured by Employer or any of the Affiliates, including, without
limitation, providing virtual consultation and/or clinician services to patients using Employers or any of the Affiliates products and
any other line of business in which Employer or any of the Affiliates become involved or takes steps to become involved during Employees employment or engagement with Employer or any of the Affiliates, provided that Employee has knowledge of Employer or any of the Affiliates
becoming involved in such other line of business or any of the steps taken by Employer or any of the Affiliates to become involved in
such other line of business.

Competing
Business means any person, concern or entity which is engaged in, or preparing to engage in, the Business.

Customer
means a person or entity which sells to, and/or buys Employers, or any of the Affiliates products or services and with
whom or which Employee had contact during Employees employment or engagement with Employer or any of the Affiliates or about which
or whom Employee received Confidential Information.

Territory
means the United States and any additional countries in which the Employer engages in business in any material manner.

(e)
Acknowledgment of Enforceability.

(i)
Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that Employees experience and abilities are such that Employees observance of the covenants
and restrictive agreements contained herein are reasonable as to scope, location and duration and that such observation shall not cause
Employee any undue hardship or unreasonably interfere with Employees ability to earn a livelihood. Employee has been provided with an
opportunity to consult with legal counsel of Employees selection for the meaning of the covenants and restrictions, which have been
explained to Employees satisfaction. Employee hereby agrees that the limitations set forth above are reasonable and necessary for the
protection of the Business and the Employer and the Affiliates. In this regard, Employee specifically agrees that such limitations as
to the period of time, geographic area and types and scope of restrictions on Employees activities are reasonable and necessary to protect
the goodwill, Confidential Information, and other business interests of the Business and the Employer and the Affiliates.

7

(ii)
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 7 to the contrary, Employee shall not be prohibited from working for an entity with
a division or subsidiary that competes with the Business and/or the Employer or any of the Affiliates provided: (x) Employee is not directly
involved in the provision of services to such division or subsidiary; and (y) such division or subsidiary does not comprise more than
ten percent (10%) of the total business activities of the overall entity.

(f)
Revision. It is mutually understood and agreed that if any of the provisions relating to the scope, time, or Territory of this
Agreement are more extensive than is enforceable under applicable law, then the Parties agree that a Court shall reduce the degree and
extent of such provisions by whatever minimal amount is necessary to bring such provisions within the ambit of enforceability under applicable
law.

(g)
Remedies. The invalidity or non-enforceability of this Section 7 in any respect shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provisions of this Agreement. The Parties agree that the limitations contained in this Section 7 with respect to time, geographical
area and scope of activity are reasonable. Employers and the Affiliates remedies at law for any breach or threatened breach of the provisions
of this Section 7 may be insufficient and may be inadequate, and Employer and the Affiliates shall be entitled to equitable relief, including
by way of temporary and permanent injunction, without any requirement to post bond or other security therefor, in addition to any remedies
Employer or any of the Affiliates may have at law. The existence of any claim or cause of action by Employee against Employer or any
of the Affiliates, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by Employer,
or any of the Affiliates, of Sections 7 and 9 of this Agreement. If Employee (i) breaches any restriction in Sections 7 or 9, or (ii)
if Employee or anyone acting on Employees behalf brings a claim against Employer or any of the Affiliates seeking to declare any term
in Section 7 or 9 void or unenforceable, Employer or any of the Affiliates shall be entitled to: (A) damages incurred by Employer or
any of the Affiliates as a result of any breach; and (B) recover their attorneys fees, witness fees, and costs incurred in such actions,
in addition to any other remedies. If Employee is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have violated any of the restrictions
contained in Section 7, the Restricted Period will be deemed to be extended for a period of time equivalent to the time Employee was
in violation of any of the restrictions in Section 7 and will not run in favor of Employee until such time that Employee cures the violation
to the reasonable satisfaction of Employer. If Employee during the Restricted Period seeks or is offered employment or any other position
with a Competing Business, Employee agrees to inform the Competing Business, before accepting employment or any other position, of the
existence of the restrictions in Sections 7 and 9. Employer shall be entitled to advise such Competing Business of the provisions of
Sections 7 and 9 and to otherwise deal with such Competing Business to ensure that the provisions of Sections 7 and 9 are enforced and
duly discharged.

8.
Business Opportunities. For as long as Employee shall be employed or engaged by the Employer or any of the Affiliates and
thereafter with respect to any business opportunities learned about during the time of Employees employment or engagement by the Employer
or any of the Affiliates, Employee agrees that with respect to any future business opportunity or other new and future business proposal
which is offered to, or comes to the attention of, Employee during the Term of this Agreement or any renewal term thereof, and which
is specifically related to, or connected with, the Business, the Employer shall have the right to take advantage of such business opportunity
or other business proposal for its own benefit. Employee may not take advantage of such opportunity regardless of whether the Employer
elects to exercise its right to take advantage of such opportunity.

8

9.
Confidential Information. Employee acknowledges that in the course of Employees employment with the Employer, Employee
will receive access to certain trade secrets and Confidential Information. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential
Information includes trade secrets or confidential information of Employer or concerning any of the Affiliates, including,
without limitation: current and/or prospective client, referral source, business partner, investor, supplier, distributor, contractor,
merchant and/or vendor lists, databases, identity, contact, preferences, purchasing patterns, pricing policies, upcoming needs, and/or
other information and/or history; contracts; information concerning employee skills or other employee information that a competitor may
find valuable; processes; technical data or processes; policies; pricing, costs, marketing, sales, profits, business, marketing and/or
other strategies, plans, analysis, studies, know-how, practices or information; designs; testing results; business and/or training manuals;
business and/or financial information; audit processes; management methods and/or information; proprietary computer programs, information
processing standards and practices; any original works of authorship by Employer; any similar information concerning any of the Affiliates,
whether received prior to or after the Effective Date; or other business information disclosed to Employee by the Employer or any of
the Affiliates, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or by drawings or observation. Employee understands and agrees that
Employer is not required to provide Employee with all of the types of Confidential Information listed in the preceding sentence, but
that Employer will provide Employee with access to some of these types of Confidential Information in a manner and at a time in Employers sole discretion. In exchange for Employers promise to provide Employee with Confidential Information regardless of whether
the Confidential Information at issue was provided before or after the Effective Date Employee shall not, during the period of
Employees employment or engagement with Employer or any of the Affiliates or at any time thereafter, take, disclose, publish, use, exploit,
or solicit, allow or assist another person to use, take, disclose, publish or exploit any Confidential Information, except as: (a) required
in the ordinary course of Employers business directly related to Employees employment with Employer and for the benefit of Employer;
or (b) as required by law. Employee further represents Employee will not, and acknowledges that Employer has specifically instructed
Employee not to, disclose to Employer or any of the Affiliates, use, or induce Employer or any of the Affiliates to use any confidential
or proprietary information or material belonging to any third party. Additionally, during Employees employment, Employer or Employee
may receive from third parties their confidential information. Employee agrees not to take, use, publish, exploit or disclose any third
partys confidential information to any person or organization except as necessary in the course of Employees employment with Employer
and in accordance with any use agreement between the Employer and such third party. Furthermore, upon the earlier of the request by Employer
or upon the termination of Employees employment with Employer for any reason, Employee shall immediately return and deliver to Employer
any and all Confidential Information and all other Employer or any Affiliates documents and items whether in hard or digital
form and all copies thereof which belong to Employer or any of the Affiliates or relate to Employers, or any of the Affiliates
business and which are in Employees possession, custody or control, whether prepared by Employee or others, without altering such documents
or items before providing them to Employer, including, without limitation, by not deleting any files or other information from any Employer
laptop or other device before providing the item to Employer. Employee further agrees that, after Employee provides a copy of such information
or documents to Employer, Employee will: (a) immediately delete and write over any information or documents relating to Employers or
any Affiliates business from any computer, cellular phone or other digital or electronic device owned by Employee; and (b) execute a
termination certificate, certifying the return of all Confidential Information and the deletion of all such information from any digital
or electronic device owned by Employee and provide such certificate to Employer. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement:
(i) Employee may disclose Confidential Information when required to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction, by any governmental agency
having authority over Employee or the business of Employer or by any administrative body or legislative body (including a committee thereof)
with jurisdiction to order Employer to divulge, disclose or make accessible such information; and (ii) nothing in this Agreement is intended
to interfere with Employees right to (A) report possible violations of state or federal law or regulation to any governmental or law
enforcement agency or entity; (B) make other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of state or federal law
or regulation; (C) file a claim or charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), any state
human rights commission, or any other governmental agency or entity; or (D) testify, assist, or participate in an investigation, hearing,
or proceeding conducted by the EEOC, any state human rights commission, any other governmental or law enforcement agency or entity, or
any court. For purposes of clarity, in making or initiating any such reports or disclosures or engaging in any of the conduct outlined
in subsection (ii) above, Employee may disclose Confidential Information to the extent necessary to such governmental or law enforcement
agency or entity or such court, need not seek prior authorization from Employer, and is not required to notify Employer of any such reports,
disclosures or conduct. Employee is also hereby notified in accordance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 that Employee will not
be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in
confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney solely for the purpose
of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a
lawsuit or other proceeding. If Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation against Employer or any of the Affiliates for reporting a suspected
violation of law, Employee may disclose Employers and any Affiliates trade secrets to Employees attorney and use the trade secret information
in the court proceeding if Employee files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret,
except pursuant to court order. Also, nothing in this Section 9 shall interfere with any rights that exist under the National Labor Relations
Act.

9

10.
Notices. All notices, requests, consents, demands, or other communications required or permitted to be given pursuant to
this Agreement shall be deemed sufficiently given when delivered either (i) personally with a written receipt acknowledging delivery,
or (ii) within three (3) business days after the posting thereof by United States first class, registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, with postage fee prepaid and addressed to the following:

If to Employer: Sanara MedTech Inc.

Attn: Ronald T. Nixon

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman

1200 Summit Ave, Suite 414

Fort Worth, Texas 76102

If to Employee: Elizabeth B. Taylor

2300 Pease Road

Austin, Texas 78703

Any
Party, at any time, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communication by furnishing notice to the
other Party in the manner described above.

11.
Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective
and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provisions
shall be ineffective to the extent of such provision or invalidity only and shall be reformed as described in Section 7 if relating to
Section 7, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or any remaining provisions of this Agreement.

12.
Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned by Employee. Neither Employee, Employees spouse, nor their estates shall
have any right to encumber or dispose of any right to receive payments under this Agreement, it being understood that such payments and
the right thereto are non-assignable and nontransferable. Employer may assign this Agreement. Additionally, the Parties agree that the
Affiliates are third party beneficiaries under this Agreement and may enforce Sections 7, 8 and 9 of this Agreement.

13.
Binding Effect. Subject to the provisions of Section 12 above, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the Parties hereto, Employees heirs and personal representatives, and the successors and assignees of the Employer.

14.
Prior Employment Agreements. Employee represents and warrants to the Employer that Employee has fulfilled all of the terms
and conditions of all prior employment agreements to which Employee may be a party or have been a party and that at the time of execution
of this Agreement, Employee represents and warrants that nothing contained in any agreement that Employee has with any third party shall
preclude Employee from performing all of Employees duties, obligations and covenants as contained in this Agreement.

15.
Waiver. Any waiver to be enforceable must be in writing and executed by the Party against whom the waiver is sought to
be enforced.

10

16.
Governing Law; Arbitration. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws
of the state of Texas without regard to conflict of laws rules thereof or of any other jurisdiction. Each Party agrees that upon the
written demand of the other Party, whether made before or after the institution of any legal proceedings, but prior to the rendering
of any judgment in that proceeding, all disputes, claims and controversies between them, whether individual, joint, or class in nature,
arising from this Agreement, or any document, instrument, or agreement executed in connection herewith, including without limitation
contract disputes and tort claims, shall be resolved by binding arbitration pursuant to the Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration
Association (AAA). The arbitration shall be conducted by one (I) arbitrator who shall be selected using a
listing process whereby the AAA administrator shall provide each party with a list of proposed arbitrators who are generally familiar
with the underlying subject matter made the basis of the dispute. Thereafter, each Party shall be given ten (10) days to strike any unacceptable
names from the list and number the remaining names in order of mutual preference. The arbitration shall be conducted in Tarrant County,
Texas. The language of the arbitration shall be in English. This arbitration provision shall not limit the right of either Party during
any dispute, claim or controversy to seek, use, and employ ancillary, or preliminary rights and/or remedies, judicial or otherwise, for
the purposes of realizing upon, preserving, or protecting any rights of either Party, and any such action shall not be deemed an election
of remedies. Such remedies include, without limitation, obtaining injunctive relief or a temporary restraining order, obtaining a writ
of attachment or imposition of a receivership, or exercising any rights relating to personal property, in which event, the Party seeking
such equitable relief can file an action in court notwithstanding this arbitration provision. Any disputes, claims or controversies concerning
the lawfulness or reasonableness of an act, or exercise of any right or remedy, including any claim to rescind, reform, or otherwise
modify this Agreement, shall also be arbitrated: provided, however, that no arbitrator shall have the right or the power to enjoin
or restrain any act of either Party. It is understood and agreed that the arbitrator shall have no authority to award punitive or other
damages not measured by the prevailing Partys actual damages, except as may be required by statute. Judgment upon any award rendered
by any arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The statute of limitations, estoppel, waiver, laches and similar doctrines
which would otherwise be applicable in an action brought by a Party shall be applicable in any arbitration proceeding, and the commencement
of an arbitration proceeding shall be deemed the commencement of any action for these purposes. The Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9
of the United States Code) shall apply to the construction, interpretation, and enforcement of this arbitration provision. Each Party
shall bear its own costs and expenses and an equal share of the arbitrators and administrative fees of arbitration.

17.
Attorneys Fees. If any litigation is instituted to enforce or interpret the provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing
Party in such action shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees from the other Party or Parties hereto.

18.
Drafting. Each of the Parties hereto acknowledges that each Party was actively involved in the negotiation and drafting
of this Agreement and that no law or rule of construction shall be raised or used in which the provisions of this Agreement shall be
construed in favor or against any Party hereto because one is deemed to be the author thereof.

19.
Multiple Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall have the force and
effect of an original, and all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement.

11

20.
Conflicts of Interest. It is the express policy of the Employer to conduct its affairs in strict compliance with the letter
and spirit of the law and to adhere to the highest principles of business ethics. Accordingly, all officers, employees (including Employee)
and independent contractors must avoid activities that are in conflict, or give the appearance of being in conflict, with these principles
and with the interests of the Employer.

The
following are potentially compromising situations that must be avoided. Any exceptions must be reported to the Chief Executive Officer
of Employer and written approval for continuation of such actions must be obtained from the Chief Executive Officer of Employer before
any such actions may continue.

(a)
Revealing or misusing confidential information to outsiders. Unauthorized divulging of information is a violation of this policy whether
or not for personal gain and whether or not harm to the Employer is intended.

(b)
Accepting or offering substantial gifts, excessive entertainment, favors, or payments which may be deemed to constitute undue influence
or otherwise be improper or embarrassing to the Employer.

(c)
Accepting or offering consulting or freelance employment for any outside firm or entity, unless otherwise set forth herein.

(d)
Initiating or approving any form of sexual or other harassment, retaliation, or discrimination concerning employees of the Employer or
any of the Affiliates.

(e)
Investing or holding outside directorships in suppliers, customers, or any Competing Business, including financial speculation, where
such investment or directorship might influence in any manner a decision or course of action by the Employer; provided, however,
that Employee may own up to five percent (5%) of a publicly traded company that engages in a Competing Business.

(f)
Borrowing from or lending to employees, customers, or suppliers.

(g)
Improperly using or disclosing to the Employer any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former or concurrent employer or other
person or entity with whom obligations of confidentiality exist.

(h)
Unlawfully discussing prices, costs, customers, sales, or markets with any Competing Business or its employees.

(i)
Making unlawful agreements with competitors with respect to prices.

(j)
Engaging in any conduct which is not in the best interest of the Employer.

12

21.
COUNSEL. EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EMPLOYEE IS EXECUTING A LEGAL DOCUMENT THAT CONTAINS CERTAIN DUTIES, OBLIGATIONS AND
RESTRICTIONS AS SPECIFIED HEREIN. EMPLOYEE FURTHERMORE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EMPLOYEE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF EMPLOYEES RIGHT TO RETAIN LEGAL
COUNSEL, AND THAT EMPLOYEE HAS EITHER BEEN REPRESENTED BY LEGAL COUNSEL PRIOR TO EMPLOYEES EXECUTION HEREOF OR HAS KNOWINGLY ELECTED
NOT TO BE SO REPRESENTED.

22.
Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to be interpreted and applied so that the payments and benefits set forth herein
shall either be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and
other authoritative guidance issued thereunder (Section 409A), or shall comply with the requirements of Section
409A. In no event may Employee, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Agreement or
otherwise which constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement or elsewhere to the contrary, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision
of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits that constitute non-qualified deferred compensation
within the meaning of Section 409A upon or following a termination of Employees employment unless such termination is also a separation
from service within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination,
termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service within the meaning of Section
409A. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment under this Agreement to Employee (including any installment payments) shall be deemed
a separate payment. With respect to any expense reimbursement provided pursuant to this Agreement (i) the expenses eligible for reimbursement
must be incurred during the term of employment, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement during any calendar year will
not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year, (iii) the reimbursements for expenses for which
Employee is entitled to be reimbursed shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which
the applicable expense is incurred, and (iv) the right to payment or reimbursement hereunder may not be liquidated or exchanged for any
other benefit. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement or elsewhere to the contrary, if on Employees termination of employment,
Employee is deemed to be a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A, any payments or benefits due upon a termination
of Employees employment under any arrangement that constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section
409A (whether under this Agreement, any other plan, program, payroll practice or any equity grant) and which do not otherwise qualify
under the exemptions under Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1 (including without limitation, the short-term deferral exemption and
the permitted payments under Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(separation pay plan exemption), shall be delayed and paid
or provided to Employee in a lump sum (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence
of such delay) on the earlier of (x) the date which is six (6) months and one (1) day after Employees separation from service for any
reason other than death, and (y) the date of Employees death, and any remaining payments and benefits shall be paid or provided in accordance
with the normal payment dates specified for such payment or benefit.

13

By
signing below, Employee acknowledges that Employee has received, read, and agrees to adhere to the terms and conditions contained within
this Agreement, including, without limitation, for confidentiality and noncompetition and non-solicitation requirements, assignment of
inventions, and conflict of interest guidelines.

[Signature
Page Follows]

14

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

THE EMPLOYER:

SANARA MEDTECH INC.

By: /s/ Ronald Nixon

Name: Ronald Nixon

Title: CEO

EMPLOYEE:

By: /s/ Elizabeth B. Taylor

Elizabeth B. Taylor

15

Exhibit
A

FORM
OF RELEASE

As
used in this General Release, the term claims shall include all claims, covenants, warranties, promises, undertakings,
actions, suits, causes of action, obligations, debts, attorneys fees, accounts, judgments, losses and liabilities, of whatsoever kind
or nature, in law, equity or otherwise.

For
and in consideration of the payments described in Exhibit B to the Employment Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration,
you, for and on behalf of yourself and your heirs, administrators, executors, and assigns, effective as of the Effective Date (as defined
herein below), do fully and forever release, remise and discharge Employer, its direct and indirect parents, subsidiaries and affiliates,
together with their respective officers, directors, partners, shareholders, members, managers, employees and agents (collectively, the
Group) from any and all claims which you had, may have had, or now have against Employer or any other member
of the Group, for or by reason of your employment or the termination of your employment with Employer, including but not limited to claims
of breach of contract, wrongful termination, unjust dismissal, defamation, libel or slander, or under any federal, state or local law
dealing with discrimination based on age, race, sex, national origin, handicap, religion, disability or sexual preference. This release
of claims includes, but is not limited to, all claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Title VII of the Civil
Rights Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Equal Pay Act, and all other federal, state and local
labor and anti-discrimination laws, the common law and any other purported restriction on an employers right to terminate the employment
of employees. You specifically release all claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (the ADEA)
relating to your employment and its termination. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, it is understood and agreed that Employees claims for workers compensation or personal injury caused by Employers gross negligence and/or willful misconduct shall not be waived.

You
represent that you have not filed or permitted to be filed against the Group, individually or collectively, any charges, complaints or
lawsuits arising out of your employment with Employer and the termination thereof and you covenant and agree that you will not file or
permit to be filed any lawsuits at any time hereafter with respect to the subject matter of this General Release and claims released
pursuant to this General Release (including, without limitation, any claims relating to the termination of your employment), except as
may be necessary to enforce this General Release or to seek a determination of the validity of the waiver of your rights under the ADEA.
Nothing in this General Release shall be construed to prohibit you from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or
proceeding conducted by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) or a comparable state or local
agency. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree to waive your right to recover monetary damages in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit
filed by you or by anyone else on your behalf. Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph, you will not voluntarily participate in
any judicial proceeding of any nature or description against any member of the Group that in any way involves the allegations and facts
that you could have raised against any member of the Group as of the date you sign this General Release.

16

Your
right to receive the Severance Payments set forth in Exhibit B to the Employment Agreement is expressly conditioned upon your
executing and delivering to the Employer, within ______ days of the employment termination date, this General Release and the
expiration of the revocation period described herein without any portion of this General Release having been revoked.

You
are specifically agreeing to the terms of this release because Employer has agreed to pay you money and other benefits to which you were
not otherwise entitled and has provided such other good and valuable consideration as specified herein. Employer has agreed to provide
this money and other benefits because of your agreement to accept it in full settlement of all possible claims you might have or ever
had, and because of your execution of this General Release.

Any
terms capitalized herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning given to them in the Employment Agreement.

You
acknowledge that you have read this General Release in its entirety, fully understand its meaning and are executing this General Release
voluntarily and of your own free will with full knowledge of its significance. You acknowledge and warrant that you have had the opportunity
to consider for ______ (___) days the terms and provisions of this General Release and that you have been advised by Employer
to consult with an attorney prior to executing this General Release. You may execute this General Release prior to the conclusion of
the __________ (___) day period, and if you elect to do so, you acknowledge that you have done so voluntarily. You shall have
the right to revoke this General Release for a period of seven (7) days following your execution of this General Release, by giving written
notice of such revocation to Employer in accordance with Section 10 of the Employment Agreement. This General Release shall not become
effective until the eighth (8th) day following your execution of it.

17

Exhibit
B

COMPENSATION
AND BENEFITS

1.
Compensation. As payment for the services to be rendered by Employee hereunder during the Term of this Agreement:

(a)
Employee shall be entitled to receive an annual base salary in the gross amount of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($250,000.00)
less applicable taxes and other legal withholdings (the Base Salary), payable in accordance with the
Employers standard payroll practice. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board)
will periodically review the Base Salary for market adjustments. Any such adjustments may be made at the sole discretion of the Compensation
Committee. The Parties agree that the Base Salary compensates Employee for any services Employee may provide to Employer or to any Affiliates.

(b)
Employee shall be eligible for discretionary annual awards of restricted shares of common stock equal to an amount of up to seventy-five
percent (75%) of Employees Base Salary (determined based on the fair market value of the Companys common stock on the date of grant).
Any such grants will be subject to approval by the Board, the terms of the Companys long-term equity incentive plan, and any vesting
criteria determined by the Board applicable to each such grant.

(c)
Employee shall be eligible to receive a discretionary annual cash bonus of up to seventy five percent (75%) of Employees Base
Salary based on the annual performance of both Employee and Employer (Annual Bonus). The payment of any Annual
Bonus will be subject to approval by the Board, and, if payable, will be paid in the next calendar year between January 1 and March 31
(inclusive) following the year to which such Annual Bonus relates, provided that Employee is employed on December 31st of the calendar
year to which the bonus relates.

2.
Expenses. During the Term of this Agreement, the Employer shall pay or reimburse Employee for all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses, including airfare, rental cars, meals, hotel accommodations, professional dues, and similar items incurred in connection with
the Business (as defined in Section 7 of the Agreement) of Employer and in accordance with the travel and reimbursement policies of the
Employer, upon submission by Employee of an appropriate statement documenting such expenses.

3.
Employee Benefits. During the Term of this Agreement, Employee shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit
plans that are available to the other employees of the Employer, including any retirement plan, group life plan, health, or accident
insurance, or other employee benefit plans as determined by the Compensation Committee from time to time and as may be in effect and
exist from time to time. Employer reserves the right to adopt, amend, modify, or terminate any such benefit plan, policy, or program
at any time.

4.
Vacation. During the Term of this Agreement, Employee shall be entitled to paid vacation equal to four (4) weeks
per annum, (accrued 6.67 hours per semi-monthly), such vacation to be subject to the then existing Employee Policy Manual of the Employer,
which policy manual may be amended from time to time (the Employee Policy Manual). Employee shall be required
to obtain approval from the Employer before scheduling any vacation and shall only be entitled to take up to a maximum of ten (10) consecutive
days at any one time with the prior approval of the Chief Executive Officer.

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.2

AMENDED
AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

THIS
AMENED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement), executed to be effective as of January 15, 2025
(the Effective Date), is entered into by and between Sanara MedTech Inc., a Texas corporation (Sanara,
the Company, or the Employer), and Michael D. McNeil (Employee).
The Employer and Employee may be referred to singularly as Party or collectively as Parties.

WITNESSETH:

1.
Employment Term. Employees employment and the initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date
and continue for twenty-four (24) months, unless earlier terminated as provided in Section 5; provided, however, if not
earlier terminated, Employees employment under this Agreement shall automatically renew or extend for consecutive terms of twelve
(12) months, unless earlier terminated as provided in Section 5 (collectively, the Term). Termination of
Employees employment under this Agreement for any reason whatsoever by any Party shall have no effect on the continued enforceability
of Sections 4(f), 4(g), and 7 through 22 of this Agreement, which shall survive the expiration or termination of Employees employment
under this Agreement, except as otherwise provided herein. Employee accepts such employment and agrees to perform the services specified
herein, all upon the terms and conditions hereinafter stated.

2.
Duties. Employee shall serve in the positions of Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of the Company
and will report to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Employee further agrees to perform such other services for the Employer,
and for any parent, subsidiary or affiliate corporations of the Employer and any partnerships in which the Employer may from time to
time have an interest (collectively, the Affiliates). The term Employer as used in this Agreement
shall be deemed to include and refer to all such Affiliates. During the Term, Employee agrees to devote Employees full time and
energy and all of Employees skill and best efforts to the performance of Employees job duties, as assigned by Employer,
and to the business of Employer and shall perform such duties in a diligent, trustworthy, and business-like manner in full compliance
with all applicable laws. Employee shall not at any time during Employees employment with Employer: (a) work on any basis (including,
without limitation, part-time or as an independent contractor) for a Competing Business (as defined in Section 7); or (b) participate
in any material way in any other business that is not a Competing Business to the extent that such participation adversely affects Employees
performance of Employees job duties for Employer in any manner. Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee will comply with
Employers existing and future policies, manuals and procedures as adopted and provided to Employee.

3.
Compensation and Benefits. As payment for the services to be rendered by Employee hereunder during the Term of this Agreement,
Employee shall be entitled to compensation and benefits as set forth in Exhibit B.

4.
Covenants of Employee. For and in consideration of the employment herein contemplated and the consideration paid or promised
to be paid by the Employer, the opportunity to obtain grants of shares of common stock of Employer, Employers giving Employee
access to Confidential Information during the Term as determined by Employer, Employee does hereby covenant, agree, and promise that
during the Term hereof and for a period thereafter to the extent specifically provided in this Agreement as follows:

(a)
Employee will not actively engage, directly or indirectly, in any other business if such involvement would (i) interfere with his or
her duties as set forth herein, or (ii) violate the provisions of Section 7, Section 8 or Section 9.

(b)
Employee will not engage, directly or indirectly, in any activity that is directly competitive with the business of the Employer. This
prohibition shall include the ownership, management, operation, control of, employment by, participation in, in any manner, any business
of the type that is competitive with the business of Employer.

(c)
Employee will truthfully and accurately make, maintain, and preserve all records and reports that the Employer may from time-to-time
request or require.

(d)
Employee will fully account for all money, records, goods, wares, and merchandise, or other property belonging to the Employer of which
Employee has custody, and will promptly deliver the same whenever and however Employee may be reasonably directed to do so.

(e)
Employee will obey all rules, regulations, and special instructions applicable to Employee, including but not limited to, those set forth
in the then existing Employee Policy Manual (as defined in Exhibit B) of the Employer, if any, and will be loyal and faithful
to the Employer at all times, constantly endeavoring to improve Employees ability and knowledge of the business in an effort to
increase the value of Employees services for the mutual benefit of the Parties.

(f)
Employee agrees that upon the earlier of the request of Employer or termination of Employees employment with Employer for any
reason, Employee will immediately surrender and turn over to the Employer all books, records, forms, specifications, formulae, data,
processes, papers and writings related to the business of the Employer and all other property belonging to the Employer, together with
all copies of the foregoing, it being understood and agreed that the same are the sole property of the Employer and that such Employer
property shall be returned to Employer without such property or any files or data thereon being deleted, altered or damaged.

2

(g)
Employee agrees that all ideas, concepts, processes, discoveries, devices, machines, tools, materials, designs, improvements, inventions,
and other things of value (collectively, Intangible Rights), whether patentable or not, which are conceived,
made, invented, or suggested either by Employee alone or in collaboration with others during the Term of Employees employment
which pertain to the Business, and whether or not during regular working hours, shall be promptly disclosed in writing to the Employer
and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Employer. Employee hereby assigns all of Employees right, title, and interest
in and to all such Intangible Rights to the Employer, which Employer may then assign to Employers successors or assignees. In
the event that any of said Intangible Rights are deemed by the Employer to be patentable or otherwise registerable under any federal,
state, or foreign law, Employee further agrees that, at the expense of Employer, Employee will execute all documents and do all things
necessary, advisable, or proper to obtain patents therefor or registration thereof, and to vest in the Employer full title thereto. The
Parties recognize that this Agreement does not require assignment of any materials (i) developed entirely on Employees own time;
and (ii) developed without equipment, supplies, facility, trade secrets, or proprietary information of Employer or any of the Affiliates,
unless such Materials either: (a) relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the invention to any portion of the Business,
or actual or demonstrably anticipated research of development of Employer or any of the Affiliates; or (b) result from any work performed
by Employee for Employer or any of the Affiliates. All inventions and works of authorship, if any, patented or unpatented, registered
or unregistered, that Employee made prior to the Effective Date that are not owned by Employer are listed on an attachment hereto (hereafter
referred to as the Prior Materials). If no such list is attached, Employee represents that Employee does
not own or possess any Prior Materials. Employee shall not use any Prior Materials in any manner in connection with the Business. If
Employee incorporates Prior Materials owned by Employee, or in which Employee has an interest, into any work or services for the Employer
or any of the Affiliates, the Employer and the Affiliates are hereby granted and shall have a nonexclusive, royalty-free, fully paid-up,
irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, sublicensable (directly or indirectly) license to make, have made, modify, use, sell, have sold, copy,
distribute, create derivative works, display, perform, and transmit such Prior Materials.

(h)
Employee shall not, by reason of this Agreement, have any vested interest in, or right, title or claim to, any land, buildings, equipment,
machinery, processes, systems, products, contracts, goods, wares, merchandise, business assets, or other things of value belonging to
or which may hereafter be acquired, owned or leased from Employee by the Employer, without the prior written consent of Employer.

(i)
Employee acknowledges that the nature of Employees position with the Employer may mandate that Employee perform such duties and
render such services as are required of Employee hereunder.

(j)
Employee agrees that Employee will not disparage Employer or any of its officers, directors, or employees.

5.
Termination. Employees employment under this Agreement may be terminated as follows:

(a)
Termination by Employer for Cause. The Employer may terminate the employment of Employee if Employee engages in any of the following
conduct (termination for Cause):

(i)
breaching any material provision of this Agreement;

3

(ii)
misappropriating funds or property of the Employer or any of the Affiliates;

(iii)
securing any personal profit not thoroughly disclosed to and approved by the Employer in connection with any transaction entered into
on behalf of the Employer or any of the Affiliates;

(iv)
engaging in conduct, even if not in connection with the performance of Employees duties hereunder, which might be reasonably expected
to result in any effect materially adverse to the interests of the Employer or any of the Affiliates, such as fraud, dishonesty, indictment
or conviction for (or pleading nolo contendere to) any felony or a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, or the indictment for
any felony or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude;

(v)
failing to satisfactorily fulfill and perform Employees duties in accordance with the terms hereof, except for any failure caused
by disability or death of Employee, as defined below; or

(vi)
failing to comply with corporate policies of the Employer, including, but not limited to, those policies set forth in Section 20.

(b)
Termination by Employer without Cause. The Employer may terminate Employees employment under this Agreement without Cause
at any time upon written notice to Employee.

(c)
Termination by Employer upon Death or Disability of Employee. The Employer may terminate Employees employment under this
Agreement upon the death or Disability of Employee. There shall be deemed to be Disability and Employee Disabled
for the purposes of this Agreement only if: (i) a medical doctor certifies that Employee has for ninety (90) consecutive or non-consecutive
days in any twelve (12) month period been disabled in a manner which has rendered Employee unable to perform the essential functions
of Employees job duties, with or without reasonable accommodation; (ii) Employee is determined to be disabled under the terms
of any long-term disability plan in effect for Employers employees at the applicable time; or (iii) Employee is determined to
be disabled by the U.S. Social Security Administration. Employee will cooperate in submitting to any requested medical examination for
the purpose of certifying disability under this Section 5(c) and will sign any documents needed to release the results of such medical
examination to the Employer or the Employers designee for the purpose of any determination under this Section 5(c).

(d)
Termination by Employee for Convenience. Employee shall have the right to terminate Employees employment under this Agreement
at any time for any reason, or no reason at all.

4

(e)
Termination by Employee for Good Reason. Employee shall have the right to terminate Employees employment under this Agreement
at any time for Good Reason, subject to the cure rights set forth below. Good Reason shall mean the occurrence
of any of the following:

(i)
A material reduction to Employees Base Salary (as defined in Exhibit B);

(ii)
A material breach by the Employer of this Agreement;

(iii)
A material, adverse change in Employees title or authority; or

(iv)
Employees resignation or retirement from the Company provided that Employees notice of such resignation or retirement occurs
within one (1) year from the Effective Date.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, none of the occurrences outlined in clauses (i)-(iii) above shall constitute Good Reason for Employees resignation
from employment unless the following conditions are satisfied: (1) Employee provides the Board written notice of such occurrence, with
such notice specifying the date and amount of any reduction, how the Agreement was materially breached, or the material adverse change
in title or authority, as applicable, and the obligation to cure within sixty (60) days of the initial existence of such reduction, breach,
or change; (2) Employer fails to cure such reduction, breach, or change within forty-five (45) days from the date the written notice
from Employee is delivered to the Board; and (3) Employees resignation for Good Reason must be effective no later than one-hundred
and ten (110) days after the initial reduction, breach, or change that is the basis for the Good Reason.

(f)
Notice of Termination. Any termination of Employees employment under this Agreement pursuant to Section 1 or this Section
5 (other than pursuant to Section 5(c) on account of Employees death) shall be communicated by written notice of termination (each,
a Notice of Termination) to the other Party in the manner provided in Section 10. The Notice of Termination
shall specify: (i) the termination provision of this Agreement relied upon; and (ii) the applicable date of termination. Any termination
under Section 5(d) or 5(e) shall require Employee to provide a minimum of ninety (90) days notice to Employer.

5

6.
Payment upon Termination.

(a)
In the event Employees employment under this Agreement is terminated by (i) Employer without Cause, (ii) Employer or any successor
entity within one (1) year of the effective date of a Change of Control (as hereinafter defined), or (iii) Employee for Good Reason,
Employee shall be entitled to receive a severance package which will include one (1) year of Base Salary (as defined in Exhibit
B) following the effective date of termination, paid in twenty-four (24) equal semi-monthly installments in accordance with
the Employers regular payroll practices, the accelerated vesting of any stock grants granted prior to the effective date of termination,
and continued participation in any health care benefits provided by the Employer to its employees for the period of time during which
severance payments are paid to Employee, which continued participation in health care benefits may be through participation under the
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA) and reimbursement of COBRA premiums paid by Employee
for such continued participation; provided Employee executes and delivers to Employer a release in substantially the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A and in accordance with the terms of such release. Any and all amounts received by Employee pursuant to this Section
6(b) shall constitute the full and total amount of liquidated damages that Employee shall be entitled to receive from the Employer and
its Affiliates, and Employee releases any and all other contract or tort claims arising out of Employees employment relationship
with the Employer or any relationship with any of the Affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the time period for Employee
to return a validly executed, irrevocable release described in this Section 6(b) spans two taxable years, the salary continuation payments
described in this section shall not commence until the second taxable year, with the first such payment including any amounts that would
have been paid to Employee prior to such time but for this provision of Section 6(b). For the purposes of this Agreement, a Change
of Control shall be deemed to occur upon the happening of any of the following:

(i)
If there occurs a change in the composition of the Board of Directors of Company as a result of which fewer than a majority of the directors
are the same directors constituting such board as of the Effective Date.

(ii)
Company is party to a merger or consolidation, or series of related transactions, which results in the outstanding shares of Company
immediately prior thereto failing to continue to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities
of the surviving or another entity) Fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company
or such surviving or other entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation.

(iii)
The sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Companys assets (or consummation of any transaction, or series of related
transactions, having similar effect).

(b)
In the event Employees employment under this Agreement is terminated by Employer due to Employees death or Disability,
Employee or Employees estate shall be entitled to receive Employees Base Salary (as defined in Exhibit B) earned
and accrued through the effective date of termination (including any vested common stock granted to Employee), plus reimbursement for
any approved expenses incurred but unpaid as of such date in accordance with Exhibit B, Section 2, all of which shall constitute
the full and total amount of liquidated damages that Employee shall be entitled to receive from the Employer and its Affiliates, and
Employee releases any and all other contract or tort claims arising out of Employees employment relationship with the Employer
any relationship with any of the Affiliates. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, it is understood and agreed that Employees
claims for workers compensation or personal injury caused by Employers gross negligence and/or willful misconduct shall
not be waived.

6

(c)
All amounts due and owing to either Employee or Employer under this Agreement shall be subject to offset to the extent permitted by law
by the amount of actual damages, if any, caused to either Party by any breach of this Agreement.

7.
Covenant Not to Compete. Employee recognizes that the Employer has business goodwill and other legitimate business interests
which must be protected in connection with and in addition to the Confidential Information as defined in Section 9 below,
and therefore, in exchange for access to the Confidential Information and the opportunity to obtain shares of common stock of the Company,
Employee agrees and covenants that during Employees employment or any other engagement with Employer and for twelve (12) months
thereafter, no matter the reason for any termination of employment or engagement (the Restricted Period),
subject to the provisions contained hereinbelow, as follows:

(a)
Agreement Not to Compete. Employee will not, either directly or indirectly, (a) for Employee, or (b) as a shareholder, owner,
partner, joint venturer, promoter, consultant, manager, independent contractor, agent, employee or in any other capacity, participate
in or provide services to a Competing Business (as defined below) within the Territory (as defined below).

(b)
Agreement Not to Solicit Customers. Employee will not, either directly or indirectly, on Employees own behalf or in the
service of or on behalf of any other person or entity, solicit or attempt to divert to a Competing Business or to any third party any
person, concern, or entity who is or was, or in the future will be (at the time of solicitation), a Customer of Employer or any of the
Affiliates whether within or without the Territory. Further, Employee will not, either directly or indirectly, on Employees own
behalf or in the service of or on behalf of any other person or entity, initiate a call upon any person or entity who is, or was, or
in the future will be (at the time of solicitation), a Customer of Employer or any of the Affiliates for the purpose of diverting or
appropriating business to a Competing Business or to any third party, and further, if any such Customer initiates a call upon Employee,
then Employee shall not entertain any such call without first receiving approval from the Employer. Employee agrees that, among other
actions, any notification, update or other communication to any such Customer of Employees relationship or status with any Competing
Business whether such notification or update is through LinkedIn, Facebook, any other social media outlet, email, letter or by
any other method constitutes a solicitation of business and an attempt to transact business with such Customer.

(c)
Agreement Not to Solicit Employees. Employee will not, either directly or indirectly, on Employees own behalf or in the
service of or on behalf of any other person or entity, hire, solicit, divert, or recruit any employee or contractor of Employer or any
of the Affiliates with whom Employee had contact during Employees employment with Employer or any former contractor or employee
of Employer or any of the Affiliates with whom Employee had contact during Employees employment with Employer, unless such former
contractor or former employees relationship with the Employer or any of the Affiliates (looking at the date of the last relationship
between Employee and either Employer or any of the Affiliates) has been terminated for at least twelve (12) months as of the date of
such hiring, solicitation, diversion or recruitment, to leave such employment or engagement or otherwise terminate his or her employment
or engagement, whether or not such employment or engagement is pursuant to a written contract or at-will, or become hired or engaged
by any other person or entity.

7

(d)
Non-Interference. Employee will not induce or solicit or attempt to induce or solicit or cause, in any way, any actual or prospective
Customer of Employer or any of the Affiliates or assist any other person or entity in inducing or soliciting or attempting to induce
or solicit or causing, in any way, any such person or entity to discontinue or decrease its respective relationship with Employer or
any of the Affiliates.

Business
means providing, selling, developing or manufacturing wound and/or skin care and/or soft tissue repair related products of the
type or nature of, or competitive with, those provided, sold or manufactured by Employer or any of the Affiliates, including, without
limitation, providing virtual consultation and/or clinician services to patients using Employers or any of the Affiliates
products and any other line of business in which Employer or any of the Affiliates become involved or takes steps to become involved
during Employees employment or engagement with Employer or any of the Affiliates, provided that Employee has knowledge of Employer
or any of the Affiliates becoming involved in such other line of business or any of the steps taken by Employer or any of the Affiliates
to become involved in such other line of business.

Competing
Business means any person, concern or entity which is engaged in, or preparing to engage in, the Business.

Customer
means a person or entity which sells to, and/or buys Employers, or any of the Affiliates products or services and
with whom or which Employee had contact during Employees employment or engagement with Employer or any of the Affiliates or about
which or whom Employee received Confidential Information.

Territory
means the United States and any additional countries in which the Employer engages in business in any material manner.

(e)
Acknowledgment of Enforceability.

(i)
Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that Employees experience and abilities are such that Employees observance of
the covenants and restrictive agreements contained herein are reasonable as to scope, location and duration and that such observation
shall not cause Employee any undue hardship or unreasonably interfere with Employees ability to earn a livelihood. Employee has
been provided with an opportunity to consult with legal counsel of Employees selection for the meaning of the covenants and restrictions,
which have been explained to Employees satisfaction. Employee hereby agrees that the limitations set forth above are reasonable
and necessary for the protection of the Business and the Employer and the Affiliates. In this regard, Employee specifically agrees that
such limitations as to the period of time, geographic area and types and scope of restrictions on Employees activities are reasonable
and necessary to protect the goodwill, Confidential Information, and other business interests of the Business and the Employer and the
Affiliates.

8

(ii)
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 7 to the contrary, Employee shall not be prohibited from working for an entity with
a division or subsidiary that competes with the Business and/or the Employer or any of the Affiliates provided: (x) Employee is not directly
involved in the provision of services to such division or subsidiary; and (y) such division or subsidiary does not comprise more than
ten percent (10%) of the total business activities of the overall entity.

(f)
Revision. It is mutually understood and agreed that if any of the provisions relating to the scope, time, or Territory of this
Agreement are more extensive than is enforceable under applicable law, then the Parties agree that a Court shall reduce the degree and
extent of such provisions by whatever minimal amount is necessary to bring such provisions within the ambit of enforceability under applicable
law.

(g)
Remedies. The invalidity or non-enforceability of this Section 7 in any respect shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provisions of this Agreement. The Parties agree that the limitations contained in this Section 7 with respect to time, geographical
area and scope of activity are reasonable. Employers and the Affiliates remedies at law for any breach or threatened breach
of the provisions of this Section 7 may be insufficient and may be inadequate, and Employer and the Affiliates shall be entitled to equitable
relief, including by way of temporary and permanent injunction, without any requirement to post bond or other security therefor, in addition
to any remedies Employer or any of the Affiliates may have at law. The existence of any claim or cause of action by Employee against
Employer or any of the Affiliates, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement
by Employer, or any of the Affiliates, of Sections 7 and 9 of this Agreement. If Employee (i) breaches any restriction in Sections 7
or 9, or (ii) if Employee or anyone acting on Employees behalf brings a claim against Employer or any of the Affiliates seeking
to declare any term in Section 7 or 9 void or unenforceable, Employer or any of the Affiliates shall be entitled to: (A) damages incurred
by Employer or any of the Affiliates as a result of any breach; and (B) recover their attorneys fees, witness fees, and costs
incurred in such actions, in addition to any other remedies. If Employee is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have violated
any of the restrictions contained in Section 7, the Restricted Period will be deemed to be extended for a period of time equivalent to
the time Employee was in violation of any of the restrictions in Section 7 and will not run in favor of Employee until such time that
Employee cures the violation to the reasonable satisfaction of Employer. If Employee during the Restricted Period seeks or is offered
employment or any other position with a Competing Business, Employee agrees to inform the Competing Business, before accepting employment
or any other position, of the existence of the restrictions in Sections 7 and 9. Employer shall be entitled to advise such Competing
Business of the provisions of Sections 7 and 9 and to otherwise deal with such Competing Business to ensure that the provisions of Sections
7 and 9 are enforced and duly discharged.

9

8.
Business Opportunities. For as long as Employee shall be employed or engaged by the Employer or any of the Affiliates and
thereafter with respect to any business opportunities learned about during the time of Employees employment or engagement by the
Employer or any of the Affiliates, Employee agrees that with respect to any future business opportunity or other new and future business
proposal which is offered to, or comes to the attention of, Employee during the Term of this Agreement or any renewal term thereof, and
which is specifically related to, or connected with, the Business, the Employer shall have the right to take advantage of such business
opportunity or other business proposal for its own benefit. Employee may not take advantage of such opportunity regardless of whether
the Employer elects to exercise its right to take advantage of such opportunity.

9.
Confidential Information. Employee acknowledges that in the course of Employees employment with the Employer, Employee
will receive access to certain trade secrets and Confidential Information. For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential
Information includes trade secrets or confidential information of Employer or concerning any of the Affiliates, including,
without limitation: current and/or prospective client, referral source, business partner, investor, supplier, distributor, contractor,
merchant and/or vendor lists, databases, identity, contact, preferences, purchasing patterns, pricing policies, upcoming needs, and/or
other information and/or history; contracts; information concerning employee skills or other employee information that a competitor may
find valuable; processes; technical data or processes; policies; pricing, costs, marketing, sales, profits, business, marketing and/or
other strategies, plans, analysis, studies, know-how, practices or information; designs; testing results; business and/or training manuals;
business and/or financial information; audit processes; management methods and/or information; proprietary computer programs, information
processing standards and practices; any original works of authorship by Employer; any similar information concerning any of the Affiliates,
whether received prior to or after the Effective Date; or other business information disclosed to Employee by the Employer or any of
the Affiliates, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or by drawings or observation. Employee understands and agrees that
Employer is not required to provide Employee with all of the types of Confidential Information listed in the preceding sentence, but
that Employer will provide Employee with access to some of these types of Confidential Information in a manner and at a time in Employers
sole discretion. In exchange for Employers promise to provide Employee with Confidential Information regardless of whether
the Confidential Information at issue was provided before or after the Effective Date Employee shall not, during the period of
Employees employment or engagement with Employer or any of the Affiliates or at any time thereafter, take, disclose, publish,
use, exploit, or solicit, allow or assist another person to use, take, disclose, publish or exploit any Confidential Information, except
as: (a) required in the ordinary course of Employers business directly related to Employees employment with Employer and
for the benefit of Employer; or (b) as required by law. Employee further represents Employee will not, and acknowledges that Employer
has specifically instructed Employee not to, disclose to Employer or any of the Affiliates, use, or induce Employer or any of the Affiliates
to use any confidential or proprietary information or material belonging to any third party. Additionally, during Employees employment,
Employer or Employee may receive from third parties their confidential information. Employee agrees not to take, use, publish, exploit
or disclose any third partys confidential information to any person or organization except as necessary in the course of Employees
employment with Employer and in accordance with any use agreement between the Employer and such third party. Furthermore, upon the earlier
of the request by Employer or upon the termination of Employees employment with Employer for any reason, Employee shall immediately
return and deliver to Employer any and all Confidential Information and all other Employer or any Affiliates documents and items 
whether in hard or digital form and all copies thereof which belong to Employer or any of the Affiliates or relate to Employers,
or any of the Affiliates business and which are in Employees possession, custody or control, whether prepared by Employee
or others, without altering such documents or items before providing them to Employer, including, without limitation, by not deleting
any files or other information from any Employer laptop or other device before providing the item to Employer. Employee further agrees
that, after Employee provides a copy of such information or documents to Employer, Employee will: (a) immediately delete and write over
any information or documents relating to Employers or any Affiliates business from any computer, cellular phone or other
digital or electronic device owned by Employee; and (b) execute a termination certificate, certifying the return of all Confidential
Information and the deletion of all such information from any digital or electronic device owned by Employee and provide such certificate
to Employer. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement: (i) Employee may disclose Confidential Information when required
to do so by a court of competent jurisdiction, by any governmental agency having authority over Employee or the business of Employer
or by any administrative body or legislative body (including a committee thereof) with jurisdiction to order Employer to divulge, disclose
or make accessible such information; and (ii) nothing in this Agreement is intended to interfere with Employees right to (A) report
possible violations of state or federal law or regulation to any governmental or law enforcement agency or entity; (B) make other disclosures
that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of state or federal law or regulation; (C) file a claim or charge with the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), any state human rights commission, or any other governmental agency
or entity; or (D) testify, assist, or participate in an investigation, hearing, or proceeding conducted by the EEOC, any state human
rights commission, any other governmental or law enforcement agency or entity, or any court. For purposes of clarity, in making or initiating
any such reports or disclosures or engaging in any of the conduct outlined in subsection (ii) above, Employee may disclose Confidential
Information to the extent necessary to such governmental or law enforcement agency or entity or such court, need not seek prior authorization
from Employer, and is not required to notify Employer of any such reports, disclosures or conduct. Employee is also hereby notified in
accordance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 that Employee will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or
state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official,
either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or
is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. If Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation
against Employer or any of the Affiliates for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose Employers and any
Affiliates trade secrets to Employees attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if Employee
files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Also,
nothing in this Section 9 shall interfere with any rights that exist under the National Labor Relations Act.

10

10.
Notices. All notices, requests, consents, demands, or other communications required or permitted to be given pursuant to
this Agreement shall be deemed sufficiently given when delivered either (i) personally with a written receipt acknowledging delivery,
or (ii) within three (3) business days after the posting thereof by United States first class, registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, with postage fee prepaid and addressed to the following:

If to Employer: Sanara MedTech Inc.

Attn: Ronald T. Nixon

Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman

1200 Summit Ave, Suite 414

Fort Worth, Texas 76102

If to Employee: Michael D. McNeil

161 Wakefield Ct.

Mansfield, Texas 76063

Any
Party, at any time, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communication by furnishing notice to the
other Party in the manner described above.

11.
Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective
and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provisions
shall be ineffective to the extent of such provision or invalidity only and shall be reformed as described in Section 7 if relating to
Section 7, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or any remaining provisions of this Agreement.

12.
Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned by Employee. Neither Employee, Employees spouse, nor their estates
shall have any right to encumber or dispose of any right to receive payments under this Agreement, it being understood that such payments
and the right thereto are non-assignable and nontransferable. Employer may assign this Agreement. Additionally, the Parties agree that
the Affiliates are third party beneficiaries under this Agreement and may enforce Sections 7, 8 and 9 of this Agreement.

13.
Binding Effect. Subject to the provisions of Section 12 above, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the Parties hereto, Employees heirs and personal representatives, and the successors and assignees of the Employer.

14.
Prior Employment Agreements. Employee represents and warrants to the Employer that Employee has fulfilled all of the terms
and conditions of all prior employment agreements to which Employee may be a party or have been a party and that at the time of execution
of this Agreement, Employee represents and warrants that nothing contained in any agreement that Employee has with any third party shall
preclude Employee from performing all of Employees duties, obligations and covenants as contained in this Agreement.

11

15.
Waiver. Any waiver to be enforceable must be in writing and executed by the Party against whom the waiver is sought to
be enforced.

16.
Governing Law; Arbitration. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws
of the state of Texas without regard to conflict of laws rules thereof or of any other jurisdiction. Each Party agrees that upon the
written demand of the other Party, whether made before or after the institution of any legal proceedings, but prior to the rendering
of any judgment in that proceeding, all disputes, claims and controversies between them, whether individual, joint, or class in nature,
arising from this Agreement, or any document, instrument, or agreement executed in connection herewith, including without limitation
contract disputes and tort claims, shall be resolved by binding arbitration pursuant to the Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration
Association (AAA). The arbitration shall be conducted by one (I) arbitrator who shall be selected using a
listing process whereby the AAA administrator shall provide each party with a list of proposed arbitrators who are generally familiar
with the underlying subject matter made the basis of the dispute. Thereafter, each Party shall be given ten (10) days to strike any unacceptable
names from the list and number the remaining names in order of mutual preference. The arbitration shall be conducted in Tarrant County,
Texas. The language of the arbitration shall be in English. This arbitration provision shall not limit the right of either Party during
any dispute, claim or controversy to seek, use, and employ ancillary, or preliminary rights and/or remedies, judicial or otherwise, for
the purposes of realizing upon, preserving, or protecting any rights of either Party, and any such action shall not be deemed an election
of remedies. Such remedies include, without limitation, obtaining injunctive relief or a temporary restraining order, obtaining a writ
of attachment or imposition of a receivership, or exercising any rights relating to personal property, in which event, the Party seeking
such equitable relief can file an action in court notwithstanding this arbitration provision. Any disputes, claims or controversies concerning
the lawfulness or reasonableness of an act, or exercise of any right or remedy, including any claim to rescind, reform, or otherwise
modify this Agreement, shall also be arbitrated: provided, however, that no arbitrator shall have the right or the power to enjoin
or restrain any act of either Party. It is understood and agreed that the arbitrator shall have no authority to award punitive or other
damages not measured by the prevailing Partys actual damages, except as may be required by statute. Judgment upon any award rendered
by any arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The statute of limitations, estoppel, waiver, laches and similar doctrines
which would otherwise be applicable in an action brought by a Party shall be applicable in any arbitration proceeding, and the commencement
of an arbitration proceeding shall be deemed the commencement of any action for these purposes. The Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9
of the United States Code) shall apply to the construction, interpretation, and enforcement of this arbitration provision. Each Party
shall bear its own costs and expenses and an equal share of the arbitrators and administrative fees of arbitration.

17.
Attorneys Fees. If any litigation is instituted to enforce or interpret the provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing
Party in such action shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys fees from the other Party or Parties hereto.

18.
Drafting. Each of the Parties hereto acknowledges that each Party was actively involved in the negotiation and drafting
of this Agreement and that no law or rule of construction shall be raised or used in which the provisions of this Agreement shall be
construed in favor or against any Party hereto because one is deemed to be the author thereof.

12

19.
Multiple Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall have the force and
effect of an original, and all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement.

20.
Conflicts of Interest. It is the express policy of the Employer to conduct its affairs in strict compliance with the letter
and spirit of the law and to adhere to the highest principles of business ethics. Accordingly, all officers, employees (including Employee)
and independent contractors must avoid activities that are in conflict, or give the appearance of being in conflict, with these principles
and with the interests of the Employer.

The
following are potentially compromising situations that must be avoided. Any exceptions must be reported to the Chief Executive Officer
of Employer and written approval for continuation of such actions must be obtained from the Chief Executive Officer of Employer before
any such actions may continue.

(a)
Revealing or misusing confidential information to outsiders. Unauthorized divulging of information is a violation of this policy whether
or not for personal gain and whether or not harm to the Employer is intended.

(b)
Accepting or offering substantial gifts, excessive entertainment, favors, or payments which may be deemed to constitute undue influence
or otherwise be improper or embarrassing to the Employer.

(c)
Accepting or offering consulting or freelance employment for any outside firm or entity, unless otherwise set forth herein.

(d)
Initiating or approving any form of sexual or other harassment, retaliation, or discrimination concerning employees of the Employer or
any of the Affiliates.

(e)
Investing or holding outside directorships in suppliers, customers, or any Competing Business, including financial speculation, where
such investment or directorship might influence in any manner a decision or course of action by the Employer; provided, however,
that Employee may own up to five percent (5%) of a publicly traded company that engages in a Competing Business.

(f)
Borrowing from or lending to employees, customers, or suppliers.

(g)
Improperly using or disclosing to the Employer any proprietary information or trade secrets of any former or concurrent employer or other
person or entity with whom obligations of confidentiality exist.

(h)
Unlawfully discussing prices, costs, customers, sales, or markets with any Competing Business or its employees.

13

(i)
Making unlawful agreements with competitors with respect to prices.

(j)
Engaging in any conduct which is not in the best interest of the Employer.

21.
COUNSEL. EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EMPLOYEE IS EXECUTING A LEGAL DOCUMENT THAT CONTAINS CERTAIN DUTIES, OBLIGATIONS AND
RESTRICTIONS AS SPECIFIED HEREIN. EMPLOYEE FURTHERMORE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT EMPLOYEE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF EMPLOYEES RIGHT TO RETAIN
LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT EMPLOYEE HAS EITHER BEEN REPRESENTED BY LEGAL COUNSEL PRIOR TO EMPLOYEES EXECUTION HEREOF OR HAS KNOWINGLY
ELECTED NOT TO BE SO REPRESENTED.

22.
Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to be interpreted and applied so that the payments and benefits set forth herein
shall either be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and
other authoritative guidance issued thereunder (Section 409A), or shall comply with the requirements of Section
409A. In no event may Employee, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Agreement or
otherwise which constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement or elsewhere to the contrary, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision
of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits that constitute non-qualified deferred compensation
within the meaning of Section 409A upon or following a termination of Employees employment unless such termination is also a separation
from service within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision of this Agreement, references to a termination,
termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation from service within the meaning of Section
409A. For purposes of Section 409A, each payment under this Agreement to Employee (including any installment payments) shall be deemed
a separate payment. With respect to any expense reimbursement provided pursuant to this Agreement (i) the expenses eligible for reimbursement
must be incurred during the term of employment, (ii) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement during any calendar year will
not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year, (iii) the reimbursements for expenses for which
Employee is entitled to be reimbursed shall be made on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which
the applicable expense is incurred, and (iv) the right to payment or reimbursement hereunder may not be liquidated or exchanged for any
other benefit. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement or elsewhere to the contrary, if on Employees termination of employment,
Employee is deemed to be a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A, any payments or benefits due upon a termination
of Employees employment under any arrangement that constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of
Section 409A (whether under this Agreement, any other plan, program, payroll practice or any equity grant) and which do not otherwise
qualify under the exemptions under Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1 (including without limitation, the short-term deferral exemption
and the permitted payments under Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(separation pay plan exemption), shall be delayed and
paid or provided to Employee in a lump sum (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the
absence of such delay) on the earlier of (x) the date which is six (6) months and one (1) day after Employees separation from
service for any reason other than death, and (y) the date of Employees death, and any remaining payments and benefits shall be
paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for such payment or benefit.

By
signing below, Employee acknowledges that Employee has received, read, and agrees to adhere to the terms and conditions contained within
this Agreement, including, without limitation, for confidentiality and noncompetition and non-solicitation requirements, assignment of
inventions, and conflict of interest guidelines.

[Signature
Page Follows]

14

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

THE EMPLOYER:

SANARA MEDTECH INC.

By: /s/
Ronald Nixon

Ronald
Nixon, CEO

EMPLOYEE:

By: /s/
Michael D. McNeil 

Michael
D. McNeil

15

Exhibit
A

FORM
OF RELEASE

As
used in this General Release, the term claims shall include all claims, covenants, warranties, promises, undertakings,
actions, suits, causes of action, obligations, debts, attorneys fees, accounts, judgments, losses and liabilities, of whatsoever
kind or nature, in law, equity or otherwise.

For
and in consideration of the payments described in Exhibit B to the Employment Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration,
you, for and on behalf of yourself and your heirs, administrators, executors, and assigns, effective as of the Effective Date (as defined
herein below), do fully and forever release, remise and discharge Employer, its direct and indirect parents, subsidiaries and affiliates,
together with their respective officers, directors, partners, shareholders, members, managers, employees and agents (collectively, the
Group) from any and all claims which you had, may have had, or now have against Employer or any other member
of the Group, for or by reason of your employment or the termination of your employment with Employer, including but not limited to claims
of breach of contract, wrongful termination, unjust dismissal, defamation, libel or slander, or under any federal, state or local law
dealing with discrimination based on age, race, sex, national origin, handicap, religion, disability or sexual preference. This release
of claims includes, but is not limited to, all claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Title VII of the Civil
Rights Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Equal Pay Act, and all other federal, state and local
labor and anti- discrimination laws, the common law and any other purported restriction on an employers right to terminate the
employment of employees. You specifically release all claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (the ADEA)
relating to your employment and its termination. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, it is understood and agreed that Employees
claims for workers compensation or personal injury caused by Employers gross negligence and/or willful misconduct shall
not be waived.

You
represent that you have not filed or permitted to be filed against the Group, individually or collectively, any charges, complaints or
lawsuits arising out of your employment with Employer and the termination thereof and you covenant and agree that you will not file or
permit to be filed any lawsuits at any time hereafter with respect to the subject matter of this General Release and claims released
pursuant to this General Release (including, without limitation, any claims relating to the termination of your employment), except as
may be necessary to enforce this General Release or to seek a determination of the validity of the waiver of your rights under the ADEA.
Nothing in this General Release shall be construed to prohibit you from filing a charge with or participating in any investigation or
proceeding conducted by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) or a comparable state or local
agency. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree to waive your right to recover monetary damages in any charge, complaint, or lawsuit
filed by you or by anyone else on your behalf. Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph, you will not voluntarily participate in
any judicial proceeding of any nature or description against any member of the Group that in any way involves the allegations and facts
that you could have raised against any member of the Group as of the date you sign this General Release.

16

Your
right to receive the Severance Payments set forth in Exhibit B to the Employment Agreement is expressly conditioned upon your
executing and delivering to the Employer, within ______ days of the employment termination date, this General Release and the
expiration of the revocation period described herein without any portion of this General Release having been revoked.

You
are specifically agreeing to the terms of this release because Employer has agreed to pay you money and other benefits to which you were
not otherwise entitled and has provided such other good and valuable consideration as specified herein. Employer has agreed to provide
this money and other benefits because of your agreement to accept it in full settlement of all possible claims you might have or ever
had, and because of your execution of this General Release.

Any
terms capitalized herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning given to them in the Employment Agreement.

You
acknowledge that you have read this General Release in its entirety, fully understand its meaning and are executing this General Release
voluntarily and of your own free will with full knowledge of its significance. You acknowledge and warrant that you have had the opportunity
to consider for ______ (___) days the terms and provisions of this General Release and that you have been advised by Employer
to consult with an attorney prior to executing this General Release. You may execute this General Release prior to the conclusion of
the __________ (___) day period, and if you elect to do so, you acknowledge that you have done so voluntarily. You shall have
the right to revoke this General Release for a period of seven (7) days following your execution of this General Release, by giving written
notice of such revocation to Employer in accordance with Section 10 of the Employment Agreement. This General Release shall not become
effective until the eighth (8th) day following your execution of it.

17

Exhibit
B

COMPENSATION
AND BENEFITS

1.
Compensation. As payment for the services to be rendered by Employee hereunder during the Term of this Agreement:

(a)
Employee shall be entitled to receive an annual base salary in the gross amount of Two Hundred Thirty-Four Thousand and No/100 Dollars
($234,000.00) less applicable taxes and other legal withholdings (the Base Salary), payable in accordance
with the Employers standard payroll practice. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board)
will periodically review the Base Salary for market adjustments. Any such adjustments may be made at the sole discretion of the Compensation
Committee. The Parties agree that the Base Salary compensates Employee for any services Employee may provide to Employer or to any Affiliates.

(b)
Employee shall be eligible for discretionary annual awards of restricted shares of common stock equal to an amount of up to seventy-five
percent (75%) of Employees Base Salary (determined based on the fair market value of the Companys common stock on the
date of grant). Any such grants will be subject to approval by the Board, the terms of the Companys long-term equity incentive
plan, and any vesting criteria determined by the Board applicable to each such grant.

(c)
Employee shall be eligible to receive a discretionary annual cash bonus of up to seventy five percent (75%) of Employees
Base Salary based on the annual performance of both Employee and Employer (Annual Bonus). The payment of
any Annual Bonus will be subject to approval by the Board, and, if payable, will be paid in the next calendar year between January 1
and March 31 (inclusive) following the year to which such Annual Bonus relates, provided that Employee is employed on December 31st of
the calendar year to which the bonus relates.

(d)
Compensation shall only be required, and Employees entitlement to any of the compensation or benefits referenced in this Exhibit
B shall only be in effect during the Term, and any termination of Employees employment or of this Agreement shall terminate
the Employers obligation to compensate Employee in any manner or provide any of the compensation or benefits referenced in this
Exhibit B for any date after the termination of Employees employment, unless otherwise required by applicable law or by
the applicable plan documents as they may be amended from time to time. All payments referenced in this Exhibit B are subject
to all required and/or authorized tax withholdings and deductions.

2.
Expenses. During the Term of this Agreement, the Employer shall pay or reimburse Employee for all reasonable out-of-pocket
expenses, including airfare, rental cars, meals, hotel accommodations, professional dues, and similar items incurred in connection with
the Business (as defined in Section 7 of the Agreement) of Employer and in accordance with the travel and reimbursement policies of the
Employer, upon submission by Employee of an appropriate statement documenting such expenses.

3.
Employee Benefits. During the Term of this Agreement, Employee shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit
plans that are available to the other employees of the Employer, including any retirement plan, group life plan, health, or accident
insurance, or other employee benefit plans as determined by the Compensation Committee from time to time and as may be in effect and
exist from time to time. Employer reserves the right to adopt, amend, modify, or terminate any such benefit plan, policy, or program
at any time.

4.
Vacation. During the Term of this Agreement, Employee shall be entitled to paid vacation equal to four (4) weeks
per annum, (accrued 6.67 hours per semi-monthly), such vacation to be subject to the then existing Employee Policy Manual of the Employer,
which policy manual may be amended from time to time (the Employee Policy Manual). Employee shall be required
to obtain approval from the Employer before scheduling any vacation and shall only be entitled to take up to a maximum of ten (10) consecutive
days at any one time with the prior approval of the Chief Executive Officer.

18
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Sanara
MedTech Inc. Expands Executive Leadership Team with New Appointments

Elizabeth
Taylor Appointed Chief Financial Officer;

Michael
McNeil Appointed Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Administrative Officer

FORT
WORTH, TX, January 21, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) Sanara MedTech Inc. Based in Fort Worth, Texas, Sanara MedTech Inc. (Sanara,
the Company, we, our or us) (Nasdaq: SMTI), a medical technology company focused
on developing and commercializing transformative technologies to improve clinical outcomes and reduce healthcare expenditures in the
surgical, chronic wound and skincare markets, announced today the expansion of the Companys executive leadership team with new
appointments.

Elizabeth
Taylor has been appointed to the position of Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Taylor succeeds Michael McNeil, who has been appointed to serve
as Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Administrative Officer. The appointments were effective as of January 15, 2025.

We
are pleased to expand our leadership team with these key appointments, stated Ron Nixon, Sanaras Executive Chairman and
CEO. Elizabeth possesses over 25 years of financial experience, with a career history that includes prior positions as Chief Financial
Officer of a medical device company focused on the treatment of wounds, Chief Operating Officer of multiple hedge funds, and as a member
of the investment team at a leading private equity firm. Her combination of industry and Wall Street experience will complement the strengths
of our existing finance and accounting teams, building upon the outstanding accomplishments made by Mike McNeil, who will lead financial
reporting and accounting policy as Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Administrative Officer. We welcome Elizabeth to Sanara and look
forward to leveraging her expertise and insight as we continue our next phase of growth and development as an organization.

Sanara
has established an impressive track record of sales performance and operational progress over the past five years, and remains well-positioned
in the market with multiple opportunities to drive strong, sustained growth going forward, stated Elizabeth Taylor, Sanaras
CFO. I am excited to join the Company during this important stage in its development, and look forward to contributing to its
future success as we continue to penetrate our large addressable market opportunity in the surgical, chronic wound and skincare markets.

Ms.
Taylor joins Sanara from Imbed Biosciences, a privately held medical device company developing and commercializing innovative solutions
to improve wound care. She served as its Chief Financial Officer from 2023 to 2025, where she was responsible for budgeting, forecasting
and financial analysis, and as a member of its board of directors from 2018 to 2023. Beginning in 2011, Ms. Taylor previously worked
as an umbrella financial advisor for family offices and high-net worth clients at Burnett Taylor Consulting, LLC, which she founded and
managed.

From
2008 to 2010, Ms. Taylor served as Chief Operating Officer of PioneerPath Capital, an alternative asset manager and incubation platform
within Citadel, a global investment firm. Ms. Taylor was responsible for the platforms launch and business management, including
overseeing all internal accounting, budgeting and management reporting functions. She was Chief Operating Officer of Tala Investments,
L.P., a value-focused hedge fund, from 2005 to 2008. Prior to Tala Investments, Ms. Taylor worked for Thomas H. Lee Partners, L.P. (THL),
a private equity firm focused on investing in middle-market growth companies, joining the firm as an investment analyst for the firms
$12 billion private equity fund.

Ms.
Taylor holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a B.A. from Princeton University.

About
Sanara MedTech Inc.

Sanara
MedTech Inc. is a medical technology company focused on developing and commercializing transformative technologies to improve clinical
outcomes and reduce healthcare expenditures in the surgical, chronic wound and skincare markets. The Company markets, distributes and
develops surgical, wound and skincare products for use by physicians and clinicians in hospitals, clinics and all post-acute care settings
and offers wound care and dermatology virtual consultation services via telemedicine. Sanaras products are primarily sold in the
North American advanced wound care and surgical tissue repair markets. Sanara markets and distributes CellerateRX Surgical
Activated Collagen, FORTIFY TRG Tissue Repair Graft and FORTIFY FLOWABLE Extracellular Matrix as well
as a portfolio of advanced biologic products focusing on ACTIGEN Verified Inductive Bone Matrix, ALLOCYTE Plus
Advanced Viable Bone Matrix, BiFORM Bioactive Moldable Matrix, TEXAGEN Amniotic Membrane Allograft, and
BIASURGE Advanced Surgical Solution to the surgical market. In addition, the following products are sold in the wound
care market: BIAKS Antimicrobial Skin and Wound Cleanser, BIAKS Antimicrobial Wound Gel,
and BIAKS Antimicrobial Skin and Wound Irrigation Solution. Sanaras pipeline also contains potentially
transformative product candidates for mitigation of opportunistic pathogens and biofilm, wound re-epithelialization and closure, necrotic
tissue debridement and cell compatible substrates. The Company believes it has the ability to drive its pipeline from concept to preclinical
and clinical development while meeting quality and regulatory requirements. Sanara is constantly seeking long-term strategic partnerships
with a focus on products that improve outcomes at a lower overall cost. For more information, please visit sanaramedtech.com.

Information
about Forward-Looking Statements

The
statements in this press release that do not constitute historical facts are forward-looking statements, within the meaning
of and subject to the safe harbor created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified
by terms such as aims, anticipates, believes, contemplates, continue,
could, estimates, expect, forecast, guidance, intends,
may, plans, possible, potential, predicts, preliminary,
projects, seeks, should, targets, will or would,
or the negatives of these terms, variations of these terms or other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements include, among
others, statements regarding the Companys business strategy and mission, the development of new products, the timing of commercialization
of the Companys products, the regulatory approval process and expansion of the Companys business in telehealth and wound
care. These items involve risks, contingencies and uncertainties such as the Companys ability to attract and retain key employees,
the extent of product demand, market and customer acceptance, the effect of economic conditions, competition, pricing, uncertainties
associated with the development and process for obtaining regulatory approval for new products, the ability to consummate and integrate
acquisitions, and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties detailed in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, which could cause the Companys actual operating results, performance or business plans or prospects to differ materially
from those expressed in, or implied by, these statements.

All
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to revise any of
these statements to reflect the future circumstances or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by applicable securities
laws.

Investor
Relations Contact:

Jack
Powell or Mike Piccinino, CFA

ICR
Healthcare

IR@sanaramedtech.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>smti-20250115.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>smti-20250115_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>smti-20250115_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Jan. 15, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Jan. 15, 2025

Entity File Number 001-39678

Entity Registrant Name SANARA
MEDTECH INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000714256

Entity Tax Identification Number 59-2219994

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code TX

Entity Address, Address Line One 1200
Summit Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 414

Entity Address, City or Town Fort
Worth

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 76102

City Area Code (817)

Local Phone Number 529-2300

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol SMTI

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://sanaramedtech.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

form8-k.htm 
smti-20250115.xsd 
smti-20250115_lab.xml 
smti-20250115_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-003236-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000714256 

2025-01-15 
2025-01-15 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000714256 
8-K 
2025-01-15 
SANARA MEDTECH INC. 
TX 
001-39678 
59-2219994 
1200 Summit Avenue 
Suite 414 
Fort Worth 
TX 
76102 
(817) 
529-2300 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
SMTI 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>