<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-035121.txt : 20250415
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-035121.hdr.sgml : 20250415
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250415160629
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-035121
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		30
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250415
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to the Registrant's Code of Ethics, or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics
ITEM INFORMATION:		Change in Shell Company Status
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250415

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001346830
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36279
		FILM NUMBER:		25839542

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 SUGAR CREEK CTR. BLVD.
		STREET 2:		STE 525
		CITY:			SUGAR LAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77478
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(713) 489-8654

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3 SUGAR CREEK CTR. BLVD.
		STREET 2:		STE 525
		CITY:			SUGAR LAND
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77478

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cara Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100721

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cara Therapeutics Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051213
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000134683000013468302025-04-152025-04-150001346830dei:FormerAddressMember2025-04-152025-04-15iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C.
20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)
April 15, 2025

TVARDI
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-36279 75-3175693

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

3 Sugar Creek Ctr. Blvd.

Suite 525

Sugar Land, Texas 77478

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (713)489-8654

Cara Therapeutics, Inc.

400 Atlantic Street

Suite 500

Stamford, Connecticut

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction
A.2.):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which 

registered

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share TVRD The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Explanatory Note

On April 15, 2025, the Delaware corporation formerly known as
Cara Therapeutics, Inc. completed its previously announced merger with Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (Tvardi)
in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of December 17, 2024 (the Merger
Agreement), by and among Cara Therapeutics, Inc. (Cara), CT Convergence Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Cara (Merger Sub), and Tvardi, pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into Tvardi, with Tvardi surviving
the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Cara (the Merger). Also on April 15, 2025, Cara changed its name from Cara
Therapeutics, Inc. to Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company, we, our,
or us). See Item 2.01 for additional information regarding completion of the Merger.

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

Indemnification Agreements

In connection with the Merger, the Company entered into indemnification
agreements with each of its new directors and executive officers. Each indemnification agreement provides for indemnification and advancements
by the Company of certain expenses and costs relating to claims, suits or proceedings arising from each individuals service to
the Company as an officer or director, as applicable, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.

The foregoing description of the indemnification agreements is qualified
in its entirety by the full text of the form of indemnification agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated
herein by reference.

Registration Rights Agreement

In connection with the Merger, the Company and Tvardi entered into
a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement) with its greater than 5% stockholders, directors and/or
entities affiliated with the Companys directors, including Shaheen Wirk and his affiliated entities, David J. Tweardy and his affiliated
entities and entities affiliated with Wallace Hall, pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration statement with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) within 45 calendar days following the closing of the Merger for purposes of registering
for resale shares of the Companys common stock issued to such parties upon the closing of the Merger. The Company has also agreed,
among other things, that it will indemnify such parties from certain liabilities and pay all fees and expenses (excluding any legal fees
of the selling holder(s), and any underwriting discounts and selling commissions) incident to the Companys obligations under the
Registration Rights Agreement.

The foregoing description of the Registration Rights Agreement is qualified
in its entirety by the full text of the Registration Rights Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 and incorporated
herein by reference.

As a result of the Merger, the following agreements of Tvardi effectively
became the agreements of the Company:

First License Agreement with Baylor College of Medicine

In July 2012, Stem Med Limited Partnership (StemMed)
entered into a license agreement (as amended, the BCM First Agreement) with Baylor College of Medicine (BCM)
for the exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable license to certain patents and patent applications related to STAT3 inhibitors in oncology
and certain non-oncology indications, or the BCM Patent Rights, which are referred to together with certain cell lines, biological materials,
compounds, know-how and technologies as the BCM Technology, in all fields of use. StemMed assigned the BCM First Agreement to Tvardi in
connection with the transfer of all or substantially all of the assets and businesses to which the BCM First Agreement relates in January 2018.
Under the BCM First Agreement, Tvardi obtained an exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable license under BCMs rights to certain patents
in oncology and certain non-oncology indications (the BCM Patent Rights and, together with certain cell lines, biological
materials, compounds, know-how and technologies, the BCM Technology). Under the license, Tvardi is permitted to make, have
made, use, market, sell, offer to sell, lease and import products, processes or services that incorporate, utilize or are made with the
use of the BCM Patent Rights or BCM Technology (the BCM1 Licensed Products) in all fields of use.

1

Tvardis license is subject to specified retained rights, consisting
of: BCMs rights to grant a non-exclusive license under the BCM Patent Rights and BCM Technology to other academic or research institutions
for non-commercial research purposes, and, if required by law, to grant a non-exclusive license to the United States government or to
a foreign state pursuant to a treaty with the United States; BCMs rights to make or use the BCM Patent Rights and BCM Technology
for non-commercial research, patient care and educational purposes; the rights of academic institutions, research institutions and certain
BCM employees, if at academic or research institutions, to make or use the BCM Patent Rights and BCM Technology for non-commercial research
purposes; and additional rights reserved by the government of the United States.

Tvardi is obligated to use reasonable efforts to introduce BCM1 Licensed
Products to the commercial market as soon as practicable. Tvardi is obligated to achieve specified development milestones by specified
timelines or to make payments to BCM if Tvardi does not achieve certain diligence milestones, and to produce, market and support the BCM1
Licensed Products with at least the same diligence Tvardi employs for comparable products and services. In consideration for the license
rights, Tvardi paid BCM a license fee of $75,000. Tvardi paid an annual maintenance fee of $30,000 each year on the anniversary of the
agreement until a specified anniversary before it increased to $50,000 each year on the anniversary of the agreement and are required
to pay such annual maintenance fee until the introduction of a BCM1 Licensed Product. Tvardi is obligated to pay BCM royalties in the
amount of a low-single-digit percent of net sales of BCM1 Licensed Products during the term, which expire, on a country-by-country basis,
on the later of the date of expiration of the last-to-expire of the BCM Patent Rights, or, if no BCM Patent Rights issued in such country,
the tenth anniversary of the date of first commercial sale of the BCM1 Licensed Product in such country. Tvardi currently expects the
BCM Patent Rights to expire April 18, 2039. Upon the initiation of the Phase 2 clinical trials for two BCM1 Licensed Products, Tvardi
paid BCM development milestone payments of $250,000 in the aggregate. Upon the achievement of additional specified development and regulatory
milestones, Tvardi is obligated to pay BCM one-time milestone payments of up to $2,200,000 in the aggregate for the first BCM1 Licensed
Product in an oncology indication and the first BCM1 Licensed Product in a non-oncology indication to achieve such milestones. Furthermore,
in connection with the initiation of the Phase 3 clinical trial, Tvardi would expect to incur approximately $400,000 of oncology-related
costs and approximately $300,000 of non-oncology-related costs. Tvardi is additionally obligated to pay BCM a tiered low-double-digit
percentage of sublicensing revenue obtained in connection with any sublicense granted by Tvardi under the BCM Patent Rights or BCM Technology.

Tvardi may terminate the BCM First Agreement at its convenience following
a specified notice period upon advance written notice to BCM. The BCM First Agreement may also be terminated by BCM for Tvardis
default or failure to perform any of terms of the BCM First Agreement, following a specified notice and cure period. Additionally, BCM
may terminate the BCM First Agreement if Tvardi undergoes specified bankruptcy or insolvency events, following the expiration of a specified
period. Upon expiration of the term of the BCM First Agreement in a given country, the license grant from BCM to Tvardi will be fully
paid and perpetual in such country.

In April 2015, Tvardi entered into a first amendment with BCM
to update the schedule of BCM Patent Rights and description of BCM Technology covered by the license and Tvardi paid an additional $5,000
as consideration. In August 2019, Tvardi entered into a second amendment with BCM which amended its diligence and insurance obligations
and further updated the schedule of BCM Patent Rights.

The foregoing description of the BCM First Agreement is not complete
and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the BCM First Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3 and incorporated
herein by reference.

Second License Agreement with Baylor College of Medicine

In June 2015, StemMed entered into a license agreement with BCM
(as amended, the BCM Second Agreement). StemMed assigned the BCM Second Agreement to Tvardi in connection with the transfer
of all or substantially all of the assets and business to which the BCM Second Agreement relates in February 2018. Under the BCM
Second Agreement, Tvardi obtained an exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable license under certain patents and patent applications co-owned
by BCM and the National Institutes of Health (NIH), related to methods and compositions for the use of STAT3 inhibitors
in certain conditions like anaphylaxis (the Licensed Patent Rights). Under the license, Tvardi is permitted to make, to
have made, use, market, sell, offer to sell, lease and import products, processes or services that incorporate, utilize or are made with
the use of the Licensed Patent Rights (the BCM2 Licensed Products) in all fields of use.

2

Tvardis license is subject to specified retained rights, consisting
of: BCMs rights to grant a non-exclusive license under the Licensed Patent Rights to other academic or research institutions for
non-commercial research purposes, and, if required by law, to grant a non-exclusive license to the United States government or to a foreign
state pursuant to a treaty with the United States; BCMs rights to grant a research license to a third party as required by the
NIH; BCMs rights to make or use the Licensed Patent Rights for non-commercial research, patient care and educational purposes;
the rights of academic institutions, research institutions and the inventors of the Licensed Patent Rights at BCM and NIH, to make or
use the Licensed Patent Rights for non-commercial research purposes; and additional rights reserved by the government of the United States.

Tvardi is obligated to use reasonable efforts to introduce BCM2 Licensed
Products to the commercial market as soon as practicable. Tvardi is obligated to achieve specified development milestones by specified
timelines or to make payments to BCM if it does not achieve certain diligence milestones, and to produce, market and support the BCM2
Licensed Products with at least the same diligence Tvardi employs for comparable products and services.

In consideration for the license rights, Tvardi paid BCM a license
execution fee of $5,000. Tvardi initially paid an annual maintenance fee of $30,000 each year on the anniversary of the agreement until
a specified anniversary before it increased to $50,000 each year on the anniversary of the agreement. Tvardi is obligated to pay BCM royalties
in the amount of a low-single-digit percent of net sales of BCM2 Licensed Products during the term, which expires, on a country-by-country
basis, on the later of the date of expiration of the last to expire of the Licensed Patent Rights, or, if no Licensed Patent Rights issued
in such country, the tenth anniversary of the date of first commercial sale of the BCM2 Licensed Product in such country. Tvardi currently
expects the Licensed Patent Rights to expire July 18, 2034. Upon the achievement of specified development and regulatory milestones,
Tvardi is obligated to pay BCM one-time milestone payments of up to $1,225,000 in the aggregate for the first BCM2 Licensed Product to
achieve such milestone. Furthermore, in connection with the initiation of the Phase 3 clinical trial, Tvardi would expect to incur approximately
$300,000 in costs. Additionally, Tvardi is obligated to pay BCM a tiered low-double-digit percentage of sublicensing revenue obtained
in connection with any sublicense granted by Tvardi under the Licensed Patent Rights.

Tvardi may terminate the BCM Second Agreement at its convenience following
a specified notice period upon advance written notice to BCM. The BCM Second Agreement may also be terminated by BCM for Tvardis
default or failure to perform any of terms of the BCM Second Agreement, following a specified notice and cure period. Additionally, BCM
may terminate the BCM Second Agreement if Tvardi undergoes specified bankruptcy or insolvency events, following the expiration of a specified
period. The NIH may terminate its license to BCM under specified limited circumstances, including Tvardis failure to fulfill certain
obligations. Upon expiration of the term of the BCM Second Agreement in a given country, the license grant from BCM to Tvardi will be
fully paid and perpetual in such country.

The BCM Second Agreement was amended in June 2019 to amend Tvardis
diligence and insurance obligations. Tvardi entered into a second amendment April 2023 to further amend its diligence obligations
and to terminate the obligation to pay annual maintenance fees until the first anniversary of the achievement of certain patent milestones
and annually thereafter.

The foregoing description of the BCM Second Agreement is not complete
and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the BCM Second Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.4 and incorporated
herein by reference.

Offer Letters

To the extent required by Item 1.01 of Form 8-K, the information
set forth under Item 5.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the executive offer letter agreements is hereby incorporated
herein by reference.

3

Item 2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.

On April 15, 2025, Cara, Merger Sub and
Tvardi consummated the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement following a Special Meeting of Caras stockholders. Effective at 4:01 p.m. eastern time on April 15, 2025, Cara effected a 1-for-3 reverse
stock split of its common stock (the Reverse Stock Split) and effective at 4:02 p.m. eastern time on April 15,
2025, Cara increased its authorized shares of common stock to 150,000,000. Effective at 4:03 p.m. eastern time on April 15,
2025, pursuant to the Certificate of Merger, Merger Sub was merged with and into Tvardi and Tvardi became a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company. Effective at 4:04 p.m. eastern time on April 15, 2025, the Company changed its name to Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.
(the Name Change). Following the completion of the Merger, the business conducted by the Company became primarily the business
conducted by Tvardi, which is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel, oral small molecule therapies
targeting STAT3 to treat fibrosis-driven diseases with significant unmet need. Unless noted otherwise, all references to share and per
share amounts in this Current Report on Form 8-K reflect the Reverse Stock Split.

Under the terms of the Merger, immediately prior to the effective time
of the Merger, each share of Tvardis preferred stock was converted into one share of Tvardis common stock. At the effective
time of the Merger, the Company issued an aggregate of 7,805,161 shares of its common stock to Tvardis stockholders and holders
of outstanding convertible promissory notes (the Convertible Notes) of Tvardi, based on (i) an exchange ratio of 0.1341
shares of the Companys common stock for each share of Tvardi common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger, including
those shares of common stock issued upon conversion of the Tvardi preferred stock (but excluding shares of Tvardis common stock
held (a) as treasury stock by Tvardi, (b) by Cara, Merger Sub, or any subsidiary of Cara or Tvardi or (c) as dissenting
shares of Tvardis common stock) and (ii) the automatic conversion of the Convertible Notes, with an aggregate principal amount
of approximately $28.3 million and approximately $0.8 million in accrued interest, into shares of the Companys common stock pursuant
to the terms of the Convertible Notes, resulting in 9,355,542 shares of the Companys common stock being issued and outstanding
immediately following the effective time of the Merger. Immediately following the Merger, pre-Merger Cara equityholders owned, in the aggregate, approximately
15.4% of the Companys common stock, pre-Merger Tvardi equityholders owned, in the aggregate, approximately 72.0% of the Companys common stock,
and former holders of Convertible Notes owned, in the aggregate, approximately 12.5% of the Companys common stock, in each case, calculated on a fully
diluted basis.

The issuance of the shares of the Companys common stock
to the former stockholders of Tvardi and the holders of the Convertible Notes was registered with the SEC on the Companys Registration
Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900), as amended and declared effective
by the SEC on February 14, 2025 (the Registration Statement).

The shares of the Companys common stock, which traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market through the close of business on Tuesday, April 15, 2025 under the ticker symbol CARA,
will commence trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on a post-Reverse Stock Split adjusted basis under the ticker symbol TVRD
on April 16, 2025. The Companys common stock is represented by a new CUSIP number, 140755 307.

The foregoing description of the Merger and the Merger Agreement contained
herein does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which was
filed as Exhibit 2.1 on the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 18, 2024.

As
previously disclosed, on December 17, 2024, Cara and its subsidiary Cara Royalty Sub, LLC (Royalty Sub and together
with Cara, each, a Seller and together, the Sellers) entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the APA)
with Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma, Ltd., a majority-owned, indirect subsidiary of CSL Limited (CSL Vifor),
pursuant to which, at the consummation of the transaction, Sellers sold to CSL Vifor and CSL Vifor acquired from Sellers certain assets
and rights for the development, manufacture and commercialization of difelikefalin as well as certain associated liabilities (the Asset
Disposition) for a purchase price of $900,000 (subject to certain adjustments with respect to inventory). The Asset Disposition
closed on April 15, 2025.

4

Pursuant to the APA, in connection with the consummation of the Asset
Disposition, CSL Vifor and HCR (as defined below) entered into a letter agreement with Cara providing that CSL Vifor and HCR would enter
into an amended and restated purchase agreement to amend and replace the existing Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of November 1,
2023 (as amended, the Original HCR Agreement), by and among Royalty Sub, HCRX Investments HoldCo, L.P. (HCRX)
and HealthCare Royalty Partners IV, L.P. (HCR IV and together with HCRX, HCR). Upon entering into the amended
and restated purchase agreement, effective as of the closing of the Asset Disposition: (i) CSL Vifor became obligated to make certain
payments to HCR from and after the date thereof relating to certain revenue and/or royalties from difelikefalin, (ii) each of the
Contribution Agreement, the License Agreement and the Pledge Agreement (each as defined in the Original HCR Agreement) were terminated,
and (iii) Sellers shall have no further payment or other obligations to HCR under the Original HCR Agreement. Additionally, pursuant
to the APA, at the consummation of the Asset Disposition, Cara paid CSL Vifor $3,000,000 to compensate CSL Vifor for the estimated incremental
future expenses incurred by CSL Vifor as a result of the transfer of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed
by it in connection with the Asset Disposition. In connection with the Asset Disposition, Cara assigned the following agreements related to the difelikefalin injection to CSL Vifor:

License Agreement dated April 4, 2013 by and between Cara and
Maruishi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

License and API Supply Agreement effective as of April 16, 2012,
as amended on May 1, 2012, by and between Cara and Chong Kun Dang Pharmaceutical Corporation

API Commercial Supply Agreement effective as of July 5, 2021
between Cara and Polypeptide Laboratories S.A., and

Master Manufacturing Services Agreement effective as of June
27, 2019 between Cara and Patheon UK Limited

The foregoing description of the APA and the Asset Disposition and
related transactions does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the APA, which
was filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 18, 2024.

FORM 10 INFORMATION

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and 21E of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act), including statements regarding the anticipated benefits of the Merger and the financial condition, results of operations,
and prospects of the Company. These statements may discuss goals, intentions and expectations as to future plans, trends, events, results
of operations or financial condition, or otherwise, based on current expectations and beliefs of the management of the Company, as well
as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the management of the Company. Forward-looking statements generally include
statements that are predictive in nature and depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, and include words such as may,
will, should, would, expect, anticipate, plan, likely,
believe, estimate, project, intend, seek, predict,
pro forma, possible, potential, and other similar expressions or the negative or plural of
these words, or other similar expressions that are predictions or indicate future events or prospects, although not all forward-looking
statements contain these words. Statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in
this communication include, but are not limited to, the section titled Business, Facilities and Legal Proceedings,
the disclosures incorporated by reference into the section titled Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations in this Current Report on Form 8-K. Forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and
assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, any statements regarding the strategies, prospects, plans, expectations or objectives of management the Company
for future operations, the progress, scope or timing of the development of the Companys product candidates, the benefits that
may be derived from the advancement of potential product candidates into clinical development and, the commercially or market opportunity
of the potential product candidates of the Company, the expectations surrounding the potential safety, efficacy, and regulatory and clinical
progress of the Companys product candidates, including TTI-101 and TTI-109, and anticipated milestones and timing therefor, the
ability of the Company to protect its intellectual property rights, the anticipated operations, financial position, ability to raise
capital to fund operations, revenues, costs or expenses of the Company, cash runway, the expected benefits from the Merger, statements
regarding future economic conditions or performance, statements of belief and any statement of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.

The foregoing review of important factors that could cause actual
events to differ from expectations should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with statements that are
included herein and elsewhere, including the disclosures incorporated by reference into the Risk Factors
section of this Current Report on Form 8-K and other documents to be filed by the Company from time to time with the SEC
discussions of potential risks, uncertainties, and other important factors in the Companys subsequent filings with the SEC,
and risk factors associated with companies, such as the Company, that operate in the biopharma industry. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond the Companys control) or other assumptions that
may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. Nothing in this communication should be regarded as a representation by any person that the forward-looking statements
set forth herein will be achieved or that the contemplated results of any such forward-looking statements will be achieved.
Forward-looking statements in this communication speak only as of the day they are made and are qualified in their entirety by
reference to the cautionary statements herein. Except as required by applicable law, the Company undertakes no obligation to revise
or update any forward-looking statement, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise.

5

Business, Facilities and Legal Proceedings

Overview

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development
of novel, oral, small molecule therapies targeting (STAT3) to treat fibrosis-driven diseases with significant unmet need.
Based upon our founders seminal work and deep understanding of the transcription factor, STAT3, we have designed an innovative
approach to directly inhibit STAT3, a highly validated, yet historically undruggable target. Leveraging this expertise, we are developing
a pipeline of STAT3 inhibitors with a differentiated mechanism of action and convenient oral dosing. Our lead product candidate, TTI-101,
is currently in Phase 2 clinical development for the treatment of fibrosis-driven diseases, with an initial focus on idiopathic pulmonary
fibrosis (IPF), and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). We expect to report unblinded data from our Phase 2
IPF clinical trial in the second half of 2025 and anticipate preliminary topline data from its HCC Phase 1b/2 clinical trial in the
first half of 2026.

Our approach is rooted in our expertise around STAT3s functional
composition and its critical role in disease pathogenesis, as well as other essential biological functions. Our co-founder, David J. Tweardy, M.D.,
was one of the first to identify that STAT3, when activated by phosphorylation on tyrosine (Y) residue 705 (pY-STAT3),
acts as a central catalyst across critical fibrotic signaling pathways and is key to the cellular processes associated with fibrosis-driven
diseases. Intrinsically (within proliferative cells and the extracellular matrix (ECM)), pY-STAT3 increases cell proliferation
and survival and promotes the deposition of extracellular matrix proteins, while extrinsically (within the immune system), pY-STAT3 contributes
to immune suppression. Collectively, persistent pY-STAT3 drives the development and progression of the pathogenic cascade of fibrosis.
By targeting pY-STAT3, our approach is designed to simultaneously modulate each of the key pathways of the fibrotic cascade, whereas previous
approaches only targeted single pathways. Beyond its role in fibrosis, STAT3 also has an essential role in cellular respiration in the
mitochondria. Our co-founder, David J. Tweardy, M.D., made the critical discovery that blocking pY-STAT3 could inhibit STAT3s role
as a transcription factor without affecting its role in the mitochondria. We have leveraged this discovery to design our product candidates
to inhibit STAT3 activation which, we believe, will lead to disease modifying activity without impairing essential biological functions.

Based on the strong biological rationale and data to date, we believe
we have robust proof of concept to support the potential of our STAT3 inhibitors to treat fibrosis-driven diseases. In preclinical models,
TTI-101 administration resulted in statistically significant reductions in levels of well-known biomarkers of fibrosis, most notably collagen
type I alpha1 chain (COL1A1) (p0.05). In addition, TTI-101 administration decreased the amount of fibrotic tissue in
the lungs, in a statistically significant manner (p0.05), as measured by histologic evaluation of fibrosis severity, and returned
oxygen saturation (SO2), to near normal levels versus animals treated with placebo where SO2 levels continued to decline.
We are enrolling patients in our ongoing REVERTIPF Phase 2, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial of TTI-101
as monotherapy or in addition to nintedanib, a standard of care (SoC), therapy, to evaluate its safety, tolerability and
preliminary efficacy in patients suffering from IPF. In addition, we have previously demonstrated, in a Phase 1 oncology clinical
trial of TTI-101 as monotherapy enriched for patients with HCC, that TTI-101 was generally well-tolerated, targeted STAT3, lowering levels
of pY-STAT3 in tumors, as evidenced by biopsy sample and demonstrated a disease control rate of 53% as measured by Response Evaluation
Criteria in Solid Tumors Version 1.1, RECIST v1.1, leading to clinical responses in fibrosis-driven tumors. RECIST is a standard way to
measure how well a cancer patient responds to treatment. We are currently enrolling patients in our REVERTLIVER CANCER Phase 1b/2
clinical trial to investigate TTI-101 as monotherapy and in combination with standard of care in patients with HCC. The ongoing Phase 1b/2
design allows us to transition from a dose-finding and safety evaluation in the Phase 1b portion of the clinical trial, to a larger,
Phase 2 portion of the clinical trial with primary efficacy endpoints, including overall response rate using RECIST v1.1. Our second
product candidate, TTI-109, is also an oral, small molecule STAT3 inhibitor that is structurally related to, yet chemically distinct from,
TTI-101 and is designed to enhance our ability to target STAT3. We expect to submit an investigational new drug (IND), application
for TTI-109 in the first half of 2025.

6

Our Pipeline

Our
current pipeline is depicted below:

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), has granted
orphan drug designation for TTI-101 in both IPF and HCC as well as Fast-Track Designation for TTI-101 in HCC.

TTI-101 for the Treatment of IPF

In the United States, approximately 150,000 individuals have IPF, while
globally the number is estimated to be three million. Currently, approved anti-fibrotic therapies, Esbriet and Ofev, had collective peak
sales of $4.9 billion, yet their use is limited as they do not reverse fibrosis or improve lung function. Based on the well-established
role of pY-STAT3 in the pathogenesis of fibrosis, we believe TTI-101s differentiated mechanism of action has the potential to address
this unmet need in IPF, if approved. In preclinical models, we observed that TTI-101 led to a reduction of fibrotic tissue in the lungs
and improved lung function. We also observed dose-dependent decreases in validated biomarkers associated with cell proliferation (resulting
in reduced deposition) as well as increase in the modulation and activity of T cells (responsible for increased cellular and extracellular
degradation). Additionally, our completed Phase 1 healthy volunteer drug-drug interaction clinical trial with IPF SoC, therapies
showed TTI-101 to be generally well-tolerated. No severe adverse events (SAEs), were reported. The most frequent treatment
emergent adverse events (TEAEs), predominantly reported as mild in severity, resolved on study. Our clinical data, including
robust pharmacokinetic (PK), pharmacodynamic (PD), and tolerability data, has allowed us to rapidly progress
into a Phase 2 clinical trial in IPF.

We are currently enrolling its REVERTIPF Phase 2, multicenter,
randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial of TTI-101 to evaluate safety, tolerability and PK in patients suffering from
IPF. We also plan to evaluate multiple efficacy measures, including the established Phase 3 efficacy endpoint of forced vital capacity
(FVC). Approximately 75 patients are randomly assigned (1:1:1) to receive oral TTI-101 400 mg/day, TTI-101 800 mg/day or
placebo for 12 weeks as monotherapy or in addition to SoC, nintedanib. The natural course of disease for patients suffering from IPF,
even when treated with SoC, is a decline in lung function as measured by FVC. Preliminary blinded data from the two dose levels of TTI-101
and placebo in 38 patients to date have reported approximately 50% of patients FVC values near or above baseline. We expect to
report unblinded data from this clinical trial in the second half of 2025.

7

TTI-101 for the Treatment of HCC

HCC, a fibrosis-driven cancer, is the third-leading cause of cancer-related
mortality in the United States and globally, with an estimated survival of six to 20 months following diagnosis. Treatment with the
current SoC in first line remains suboptimal with an overall response rate (ORR), of 10% to 27%. Following progression on
first-line therapies, response rates are further reduced (ORR of 5%) for patients who go on to receive second-line therapies. Overall
response rate is defined as the proportion of patients who have achieved a partial response (30% decrease in the sum of the diameters
of target lesions, as compared with the baseline sum of diameters) or a complete response (disappearance of all target lesions). Similar
to its role in IPF, pY-STAT3 in HCC serves an integral role in both the intrinsic cellular processes that drive aberrant proliferation,
survival, deposition and extrinsic processes that induce immune suppression. Greater than 95% of patients with HCC have pY-STAT3 in their
tumors, the presence of which correlates closely with tumor vascularity and aggressiveness of disease and is significantly associated
with poor overall survival.

In preclinical studies, TTI-101 demonstrated statistically significant
changes in (1) microsteatosis score (abnormal liver fat accumulation) that was 89% lower in animals treated with TTI-101 versus placebo
treated animals (p<0.001), (2) fibrosis, measured by histologic staining, that was 65% lower in animals treated with TTI-101 versus
placebo treated animals (p<0.001) and (3) tumor growth, measured by comparing the average tumor volume determined by MRI, that
was 57% lower in animals treated with TTI-101 versus placebo treated animals (p=0.04). Additionally, in a separate study, combination
of TTI-101 with anti-PD-1 and bevacizumab demonstrated a statistically significantly larger reduction in tumor weight compared to anti-PD-1
and bevacizumab or saline that was statistically significant (p<0.01). We have also completed a Phase 1 dose-escalation and dose-expansion
clinical trial for TTI-101 in advanced tumors, enriched for patients with HCC. TTI-101 was observed to lower levels of pY-STAT3 in tumors,
as evidenced by biopsy samples and demonstrated a disease control rate of 53%, as measured by RECIST v1.1, leading to clinical responses
in HCC and other tumor types. We also conducted a Phase 1b clinical trial in six hormone receptor positive (HR+),
human epidermal receptor 2 negative (HER2), palbociclib-resistant breast cancer patients to evaluate TTI-101 in combination
with palbociclib and aromatase inhibitor (AI). The recommended Phase 2 dose was selected and there were no clinically
significant safety concerns or risks identified that were related to the use of TTI-101 in combination with palbociclib or AI. Given the
evolving treatment landscape for metastatic breast cancer, We have discontinued all clinical development in metastatic breast cancer and
have directed its resources to its current pipeline. We believe our results to date support TTI-101s differentiated mechanism of
action to deliver therapeutic benefit as monotherapy and in combination with existing approved agents, if approved. If approved, we do
not believe a commercial license, supply, and/or collaboration agreement with the marketers of existing SoC treatments would be needed,
as these commercial therapies are available in the market.

We are currently enrolling our REVERTLIVER CANCER Phase 1b/2,
multicenter, open-label clinical trial, designed to investigate the safety and efficacy of TTI-101 across three cohorts of patients with
HCC: as monotherapy and in combination with SoC treatments pembrolizumab or atezolizumab + bevacizumab. This is a combined Phase 1b
and 2 trial in order to evaluate safety and tolerability of TTI-101 and to determine the recommended Phase 2 dose (RP2D),
of orally administered TTI-101 as a single agent or in combination with pembrolizumab or atezolizumab/bevacizumab in Phase 1b. The
primary endpoints for the Phase 1b portion include incidence of adverse events (AEs). Separately, the trial will evaluate
safety and tolerability at the RP2D and assess preliminary efficacy in the Phase 2 portion of the trial. The primary endpoints for
the Phase 2 portion include incidence of AEs and overall response rate using RECIST v1.1.

We plan to report preliminary topline data from this clinical trial
in the first half of 2026.

TTI-109

Our second product candidate, TTI-109, is an oral, small-molecule,
prodrug of, and mechanistically identical to, TTI-101. TTI-109 itself does not inhibit STAT3, but rapidly converts to TTI-101 in the blood.
TTI-109 is designed to enhance its ability to target STAT3 as a more efficient delivery vehicle for TTI-101 with the potential to improve
tolerability. In our IND-enabling toxicology studies in rats and monkeys, TTI-109 has been observed to result in equal drug exposure as
compared to TTI-101, with no toxicity observed. We have received pre-IND feedback from the FDA that its data package to date is sufficient
to support a clinical trial of TTI-109 in oncology. To maximize the potential of TTI-109 in fibrosis-driven diseases, We are planning
additional preclinical studies and a first-in-human IND submission for TTI-109 in the first half of 2025.

8

Our business is further described in the section of the definitive
proxy statement/prospectus (the Proxy Statement/Prospectus) included in the Registration Statement entitled Description
of Tvardis Business beginning on page 266 and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

Risk Factors

The information set forth in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
entitled Risk Factors beginning on page 27 is incorporated herein by reference.

Financial Information

The information set forth in Item 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K
concerning the financial information of the Company is incorporated herein by reference. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 is set forth in Exhibit 99.5 hereto and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations

Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations of Cara for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 is set forth in the section entitled Managements
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations beginning on page 82 of Caras Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2025, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations for Tvardi for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 is set forth in Exhibit 99.3 to this Current
Report on Form 8-K, and is incorporated herein by reference.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The following table and the related notes present certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of immediately following the consummation of the Merger by: (i) each
person or group of affiliated persons known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) each of
our directors; (iii) each of our named executive officers; and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group.

Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe
that each of the persons named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially
owned.

The following table lists applicable percentage ownership based on
9,355,542 shares of our common stock outstanding immediately following the Merger and gives effect to the Reverse Stock Split. Shares
of our common stock that may be acquired by an individual or group within 60 days of April 15, 2025, pursuant to the exercise
of options or warrants, are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such individual or
group, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of our common stock of any other
person shown in the table.

Unless otherwise indicated, the address for the following stockholders
is: c/o Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc., 3 Sugar Creek Ctr Blvd, Ste 525, Sugar Land, TX 77478.

9

Name of Beneficial Owner Number of

Shares

Beneficially

Owned

(#) Percentage 

of Shares

Beneficially 

Owned 

(%) 

Greater than 5% Holders: 

Entities affiliated with David J. Tweardy(1) 1,599,372 17.09 %

Ronald DePinho(2) 780,990 8.34 %

Entities affiliated with Slate Path(3) 793,582 8.48 %

Entities affiliated with Sporos(4) 837,636 8.95 %

Entities affiliated with Solas BioVentures(5) 761,287 8.14 %

Directors and Named Executive Officers: 

Imran Alibhai, Ph.D.(6) 370,833 3.81 %

Dan Conn, J.D., M.B.A.(7) 76,066 * 

John Kauh, M.D.(8) 43,195 * 

Sujal Shah(9) 18,441 * 

Wallace Hall(10) 246,756 2.64 %

Shaheen Wirk, M.D.(11) 445,396 4.76 %

Michael Wyzga(12) 14,599 * 

Cynthia Smith * 

Susan Shiff, Ph.D.(13) 14,104 * 

All directors and executive officers as a group (11 persons)(14) 1,266,271 12.76 %

* Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1%.

(1) Consists of (i) 315,658 shares of common stock held by Benjamin John Tweardy 2020 Gift Trust; (ii) 315,658
shares of common stock held by Daniel James Tweardy 2020 Gift Trust; (iii) 315,658 shares of common stock held by Samuel David Tweardy
2020 Gift Trust; (iv) 649,046 shares of common stock held by David J. Tweardy; and (v) 3,352 shares common stock issuable
upon the exercise of stock options held by David J. Tweardy that are exercisable within 60 days of April 15, 2025. David J.
Tweardy is the Trustee of the Benjamin John Tweardy 2020 Gift Trust, the Daniel James Tweardy 2020 Gift Trust and the Samuel David Tweardy
2020 Gift Trust.

(2) Consists of (i) 774,003 shares of common stock held by Mr. DePinho, (ii) 3,352 shares common
stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Mr. DePinho that are exercisable within 60 days of April 15, 2025
and (iii) 3,635 shares of common stock held by LR Interests LLC. Mr. DePinho and Lynda Chin are the managers of LR Interests
LLC and have shared voting and dispositive power over the shares held by it. The address of LR Interests LLC is 2929 Weslayan St., Houston,
Texas 77027.

(3) Consists of (i) 704,345 shares of common stock held by Slate Path Master Fund LP; and (ii) 89,237
shares of common stock held by SPB Master Fund LP. Slate Path Capital LP, a Delaware limited partnership, is the investment manager
of Slate Path Master Fund LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and SPB Master Fund LP, a Cayman Islands exempted
limited partnership. David Greenspan is the managing member of Slate Path Capital GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the
general partner of Slate Path Capital LP. The address for Slate Path and Mr. Greenspan is 717 Fifth Avenue, 16th Floor, New York,
NY 10022.

(4) Consists of 837,636 shares of common stock held by Sporos Bioventures LLC. The board of managers of Sporos
Bioventures LLC consists of Alex Cranberg, Peter Feinberg, Harold Levy, and Rachel Humphrey. The address for Sporos is 3139 West
Holcombe Blvd, Houston, TX 77025.

(5) Consists of (i) 598,288 shares held by Solas Tvardi Sidecar, LLC and (ii) 162,999 shares of
common stock held by Solas BioVentures Fund II, LP. Solas Partners II, LLC is the Manager of Solas Tvardi Sidecar, LLC and the General
Partner of Solas BioVentures Fund II, LP. Solas BioVentures Management, LLC is the Investment Manager of Solas Tvardi Sidecar, LLC
and Solas BioVentures Fund II, LP, having been designated as such by Solas Partners II, LLC. C. David Adair, Mark D. Hackett, and
David A. Belitz are the Managers of both Solas Partners II, LLC and Solas BioVentures Management, LLC, and those individuals share the
voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Solas Tvardi Sidecar, LLC and Solas BioVentures Fund II, LP.The address
for Solas Tvardi Sidecar, LLC and Solas BioVentures Fund II, LP. is 412 Georgia Avenue, Suite 201, Chattanooga, TN 37403.

10

(6) Consists of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options held by Dr. Alibhai that
are exercisable within 60 days of April 15, 2025.

(7) Consists of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options held by Mr. Conn that
are exercisable within 60 days of April 15, 2025.

(8) Consists of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options held by Dr. Kauh that
are exercisable within 60 days of April 15, 2025.

(9) Consists of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options held by Mr. Shah that
are exercisable within 60 days of April 15, 2025.

(10) Consists of (i) 44,712 shares of common stock held by Firepit Partners, LP over which Mr. Hall
holds sole voting and dispositive power and (ii) 202,044 shares of common stock held by BioMatrix Partners Ltd. over which Mr. Hall
shares voting and dispositive power. Mr. Hall is the general partner of Firepit Partners, LP. The address for Firepit Partners, LP
is 5956 Sherry Lane, Suite 1810, Dallas, TX 75225. Mr. Hall and George Houston Hall are the general partners of BioMatrix Partners
Ltd. and share voting and dispositive power. The address for BioMatrix Partners Ltd. is 5956 Sherry Lane, Suite 1810, Dallas, TX
75225. Mr. Hall may be deemed to share the power to direct the disposition and vote of the shares held by Firepit Partners, LP and
BioMatrix Partner Ltd. but disclaims beneficial ownership of all shares held by such entities except to any pecuniary interest therein.

(11) Consists of (i) 176,030 shares of common stock held by Palkon Holdings, LLC; (ii) 263,164 shares
of common stock held by Palkon TT Holdings, LLC, (iii) 4,191 shares of common stock held by Dr. Wirk and (iv) and 2,011
shares common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by Dr. Wirk that are exercisable within 60 days of April 15,
2025. Palkon GP, LLC is the general partner of Palkon TT Holdings, LLC and Palkon Capital LP, which is the sole member of Palkon Holdings,
LLC. Dr. Wirk is the managing member of Palkon Holdings, LLC and Palkon TT Holdings, LLC. The address for Palkon entities is 1688
Meridian Ave, Suite 700, Miami Beach, FL 33139. Dr. Wirk may be deemed to share the power to direct the disposition and vote
of the shares held by Palkon Holdings, LLC, but disclaims beneficial ownership of all shares held by Palkon Holdings, LLC except to any
pecuniary interest therein.

(12) Consists of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options held by Mr. Wyzga that
are exercisable within 60 days of April 15, 2025.

(13) Consists of (i) 5,612 shares of common stock held by Dr. Shiff and (ii) 8,492 shares of
common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options held by Dr. Shiff that are exercisable within 60 days of April 15,
2025.

(14) Consists of (i) 695,753 shares of common stock beneficially owned by our current directors and executive
officers as a group and (ii) 570,518 shares common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options held by our current directors
and executive officers as a group that are exercisable within 60 days of April 15, 2025.

Information about Directors and Executive Officers;
Director Compensation and Director Independence; Executive Compensation

The information set forth in Item 5.02 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

The information set forth in the section of the
Proxy Statement/Prospectus entitled Management Following the Merger beginning on page 360 is incorporated herein
by reference.

A description of the compensation of the named executive officers and
directors of Tvardi and the compensation of the named executive officers and directors of Cara before the consummation of the Merger is
set forth in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the sections titled Tvardis Executive and Director Compensation
beginning on page 376 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and Caras Executive and Director Compensation
beginning on page 367 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus, respectively, and that information is incorporated herein by reference.

11

Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions

The information set forth in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
entitled Related Person Transactions of the Combined Company beginning on page 383 is incorporated herein by
reference.

Legal Proceedings

The information set forth in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
entitled Description of Tvardis BusinessLegal Proceedings on page 310 is incorporated herein
by reference. The information set forth in the section titled Item 3. Legal Proceedings beginning on page 81
of Caras Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2025, is incorporated herein by reference.

Two lawsuits were filed in the Supreme Court of
the State of New York, County of New York on March 5 and March 6, 2025 by two purported stockholders of Cara in connection with
the Merger. The lawsuits are captioned Joseph Clark v. Cara Therapeutics, Inc., et al., No. 651260/2025 (the Clark Complaint),
and Michael Kent v. Cara Therapeutics, Inc., et al., No. 651272/2025 (the Kent Complaint and, together with the
Clark Complaint, the Complaints). Each Complaint named as defendants Cara and the members of the Cara board of directors.
The plaintiffs contended that the Form 424 prospectus filed on February 14, 2025 (the Form 424 Prospectus)
omitted or misrepresented material information regarding the Merger, rendering the Form 424 Prospectus false and misleading.

Between December 18, 2024 and March 24, 2025, Cara received
thirteen demands and three draft complaints from purported stockholders of Cara (collectively, the Demands) making substantially
similar claims as in the Complaints regarding the disclosures in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus related to the Merger.

The Company cannot predict the outcome of any litigation
or the Demands. The Company and the individual defendants intend to vigorously defend against the allegations made in the Complaints, the Demands,
and any subsequently filed similar actions. It is possible additional lawsuits may be filed or additional demand letters may be received
arising out of the Merger.

The Company believes that the disclosures set forth in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus comply fully with all applicable laws, and deny the allegations made in the Complaints and Demands described
above. Nevertheless, in order to moot plaintiffs disclosure claims, avoid nuisance and possible expense and business delays,
and provide additional information to its stockholders, Cara voluntarily supplemented certain disclosures in the Proxy
Statement/Prospectus on March 24, 2025 (the Supplemental Disclosures). Nothing in the Supplemental Disclosures
shall be deemed an admission of the legal merit of the allegations made in the Complaints or the Demands described above, or of the
necessity or materiality under applicable laws of any of the disclosures set forth herein. To the contrary, the Company specifically
denies all allegations made in the Complaints and the Demands that any additional disclosure was or is required or is material.

Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrants Common Equity
and Related Stockholder Matters

Shares of Caras common stock were historically listed on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CARA. Shares of the Companys common stock are expected to commence trading
on the Nasdaq Capital Market on a post-Reverse Stock Split adjusted basis on April 16, 2025 under the symbol TVRD.

As of the closing and following the completion of the Merger and after
giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split, the Company had 9,355,542 shares of common stock issued and outstanding held of record by approximately
256 holders. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street name holders
or beneficial holders whose shares of Company common stock are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions.

The information set forth in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
entitled Prospectus SummaryMarket Price and Dividend InformationDividends on page 26 is incorporated
herein by reference.

12

Description of Registrants Securities

The information set forth in the section of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus
entitled Description of Cara Capital Stock beginning on page 390 and in the section entitled Comparison
of Rights of Holders of Cara Stock and Tvardi Stock beginning on page 394 is incorporated herein by reference.

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K
under the heading Indemnification Agreements is incorporated herein by reference.

A description of the Companys indemnification obligations in
respect of its directors and officers is included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the section entitled The Merger AgreementOther
AgreementsDirector Indemnification and Insurance beginning on page 211 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The information set forth in Item 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K
is incorporated herein by reference.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange
Act and in accordance therewith, files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC electronically,
and the SEC maintains a website that contains the Companys filings as well as reports, proxy and information statements, and other
information issuers file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.

The Company also makes available free of charge on or through its website
at tvarditherapeutics.com, its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and
amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably
practicable after the Company electronically files such material with or otherwise furnishes it to the SEC. The website addresses for
the SEC and the Company are inactive textual references and except as specifically incorporated by reference into this Current Report
on Form 8-K, information on those websites is not part of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

If you would like to request documents from the Company, please send
a request in writing or by telephone to the following address:

Tvardi Therapeutic, Inc.

3 Sugar Creek Center Blvd.

Suite 525

Sugar Land, TX 77478

(713) 489-8654

Attn: Investor Relations

Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.

To the extent required by Item 3.03 of Form 8-K, the information
contained in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein.

As previously disclosed, at a special meeting of Caras stockholders
held on April 1, 2025 (the Special Meeting), Caras stockholders approved (i) an amendment to Caras
amended and restated certificate of incorporation to effect the Reverse Stock Split and (ii) an amendment to Caras amended
and restated certificate to increase the authorized number of shares of Cara common stock from 16,666,667 shares to 150,000,000 shares.
On April 15, 2025, Cara amended its amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (i) effect the Reverse Stock Split,
effective as of 4:01 p.m. eastern time on April 15, 2025 and (ii) to increase the authorized number of shares of Cara common
stock from 16,666,667 shares to 150,000,000 shares, effective as of 4:02 p.m. eastern time on April 15, 2025.

13

As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every three shares of Caras
common stock held by a stockholder immediately prior to the Reverse Stock Split were combined and reclassified into one share of Caras
common stock. As such, immediately following the Reverse Stock Split, there were approximately 1.5 million shares of Caras
common stock outstanding.

No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock
Split. Any fractional shares resulting from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded down to the nearest whole number, and each Cara stockholder
who would otherwise be entitled to a fraction of a share of common stock upon the Reverse Stock Split is entitled to receive a cash payment
in lieu thereof at a price equal to the fraction to which the stockholder would otherwise be entitled multiplied by the closing price
of the Companys common stock on April 14, 2025.

On April 15, 2025, the Company also amended its amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to effect the Name Change, effective as of 4:04 p.m. eastern time on April 15, 2025.

The
foregoing descriptions of the certificates of amendment to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation of the Company are not
complete and are subject in their entirety by reference to the certificates of amendment, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1,
Exhibit 3.2 and Exhibit 3.3, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant.

The information set forth in Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K
regarding the Merger and the information set forth in Item 5.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the Companys
board of directors and executive officers following the Merger are incorporated by reference into this Item 5.01.

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election
of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Resignation of Directors

In accordance with the Merger Agreement, immediately prior to and
effective upon the closing of the Merger, Martin Vogelbaum, Christopher Posner, Helen M. Boudreau, Jeffrey Ives, Ph.D., and Lisa von
Moltke, M.D. resigned from the Companys board of directors and committees of the board of directors on which they
respectively served, which resignations were not the result of any disagreements with the Company relating to the Companys
operations, policies or practices.

Appointment of Directors

The Merger Agreement provides that at or immediately after the closing
of the Merger, the size of the Companys board of directors will be fixed at seven members consisting of one member designated
by Cara, who is Susan Shiff, Ph.D., and six members designated by Tvardi, who are Sujal Shah, Michael Wyzga, Wallace Hall, Shaheen Wirk,
M.D., Imran Alibhai, Ph.D., and Cynthia Smith. In accordance with the Merger Agreement, effective upon at the closing of the Merger
on April 15, 2025, the board of directors and its committees were reconstituted, with Susan Shiff, Ph.D. and Michael Wyzga appointed
as Class I directors, whose terms expire at the Companys 2027 annual meeting, Imran Alibhai, Ph.D., Cynthia Smith and
Sujal Shah appointed as Class II directors, whose terms expire at the Companys 2025 annual meeting, and Wallace Hall and Shaheen
Wirk, M.D. appointed as Class III directors, whose terms expire at the Companys 2026 annual meeting. Under the Nasdaq Listing
Rules, a majority of the members of the board of directors must qualify as independent, as affirmatively determined by the
board of directors. Under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, a director will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion
of that companys board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The Companys board of directors has determined that each of its directors
other than Dr. Alibhai qualify as independent directors as defined by the Nasdaq Listing Rules.

14

In addition, Michael Wyzga, Wallace Hall and Shaheen Wirk, M.D. were
appointed to the audit committee of the board of directors, and Michael Wyzga was appointed the chair of the audit committee and was designated
as the audit committee financial expert. Sujal Shah, Wallace Hall and Susan Shiff, Ph.D. were appointed to the compensation
committee of the board of directors, and Sujal Shah was appointed the chair of the compensation committee. Cynthia Smith, Shaheen Wirk,
M.D. and Susan Shiff, Ph.D. were appointed to the nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors, and Cynthia
Smith was appointed the chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee.

Other than pursuant to the Merger Agreement, there were no arrangements
or understandings between the Companys newly appointed directors and any person pursuant to which they were elected. There are
no family relationships between the Companys newly appointed directors and any director or executive officer of the Company.

Effective upon the closing of the Merger, the Companys board of directors terminated
Caras Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy. The Company intends to adopt a new Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy at the next
meeting of our board of directors following the closing of the Merger, but the terms of such policy have not yet been determined.

Sujal
Shahwas appointed to the Companys board of directors and as Chair of our
board of directors upon the closing of the Merger. Mr. Shah previously served as a member of Tvardis board of directors
from January 2021 to April 2025 and as Chairman of the Tvardi board of directors from March 2024 to April 2025.
Mr. Shah served as President and Chief Executive Officer at CymaBay Therapeutics from April 2017 until the sale of the
company to Gilead Sciences in March 2024. Mr. Shah also served as a director at CymaBay from April 2017 until June 2024.
Mr. Shah joined CymaBay as Chief Financial Officer in 2012, taking the company public in 2013. Prior to CymaBay, Mr. Shah
was a healthcare investment banker for Citigroup from 2010 to 2012 and Credit Suisse First Boston from 2004 to 2010, where he was
responsible for managing client relationships and executing strategic and financing related transactions for clients focused on life
sciences. Mr. Shah also serves as a director at Opthea Limited, an Australia based clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company.
Mr. Shah received an M.B.A. from the Carnegie Mellon University Tepper School of Business, where he currently serves on the
Business Board of Advisors, and M.S. and B.S. degrees in Biomedical Engineering from Northwestern University. We believe
Mr. Shahs extensive executive experience managing the operational and financial issues of biopharmaceutical companies
provide him with the qualifications and skills to serve on the board of directors.

Wallace
Hall was appointed to the Companys board of directors upon the closing of the Merger. Mr. Hall
previously served as a member of Tvardis board of directors from June 2018 to April 2025. Mr. Hall cofounded and
has served as the President of Wetland Partners, LP, which is primarily engaged in wetland mitigation banking and oil & gas investment
from February 1999 to present. Mr. Hall also co-founded BioMatrix Partners, an investment partnership focused on public and
private biotechnology companies, where he has served as Limited Partner from October 2013 to present. From February 2011 to
February 2017, Mr. Hall served on the University of Texas System Board of Regents. Mr. Hall also serves as a director at
Vooks, Inc., a private company. Mr. Hall received a B.A. in Economics from the University of Texas at Austin. We believe Mr. Wallace
is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his business expertise and experience serving as an investment partner to both
public and private biotechnology companies.

Shaheen
Wirk, M.D. was appointed to the Companys board of directors upon the closing of the Merger.
Dr. Wirk previously served as a member of Tvardis board of directors from March 2024 to April 2025 and as a special
advisor to Tvardis management and board of directors from January 2021 to March 2025. Dr. Wirk is the founder of
Palkon Capital Management, a health-care dedicated investment firm, where he has served as the Chief Investment Officer since August 2013.
From May 2001 to 2012, Dr. Wirk served as a Healthcare Analyst at Bridger Capital LLC. Dr. Wirk also serves as a director
at Movano Inc., a publicly traded health technology company. Dr. Wirk received his M.D.,
M.B.A., and B.S. in Biology from Duke University. We believe Dr. Wirk is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his
educational background and extensive experience in the life science industry as an analyst and investor.

Michael
S. Wyzgawas appointed to the Companys board of directors upon the closing of the Merger. Mr. Wyzga previously served
on Tvardis board of directors from March 2021 to April 2025. Since November 2013, Mr. Wyzga has served as the
President of MSW Consulting Inc., a strategic consulting group focused in the life sciences area. From December 2011 until November 2013,
Mr. Wyzga served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Radius Health, Inc., a publicly
traded biopharmaceutical company. Prior to that, Mr. Wyzga served in various senior management positions at Genzyme Corporation,
a publicly traded global biotechnology company. Mr. Wyzga joined Genzyme in February 1998 and most recently served as Executive
Vice President, Finance from May 2003 until November 2011 and as Chief Financial Officer from July 1999 until November 2011.
Mr. Wyzga is also the Chairman of the board of directors of X4 Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a public company since July 2018,
Chairman of the board of directors of GenSight Biologics S.A., a Euronext traded biopharmaceutical company, where he has served since
July 2015, and Chairman of the board of directors of Mereo BioPharma Group plc (formerly Oncomed Pharmaceuticals, Inc.), where
he served from October 2013 through the business combination in April 2019. He received an M.B.A. from Providence College and
a B.S. from Suffolk University. We believe that Mr. Wyzgas senior management experience at biopharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies, his current and past experience on boards of directors of public companies, and his financial expertise qualifies him to serve
as a member of our board of directors.

15

Imran
Alibhai, Ph.D., was appointed as the Companys Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors upon the closing of the
Merger. Dr. Alibhai has served as Tvardis Chief Executive Officer and a member of its board of directors since December 2018.
Since 2018, Dr. Alibhai has also served on the Scientific Advisory Board for NASAs Translational Research Institute for Space
Health. Prior to serving as Tvardis Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Alibhai was a Senior Vice President and Managing Director
of DNAtrix, a clinical stage biotechnology company developing oncolytic viruses for cancer from 2014 to 2018. From 2010 to 2013, Dr. Alibhai
was an investment banker in Peter J. Solomons Healthcare Advisory Group, focused on M&A transactions in science-based markets
including biopharmaceuticals, medical devices/diagnostics and life science tools. From 2007 to 2010, Dr. Alibhai served as the Senior
Director at Alexandria Venture Investments, where he was responsible for investments in emerging companies and funds in the healthcare
sector. From 2006 to 2007, he directed investments for PIPEs and long/short positions in MPM Capitals BioEquities hedge
fund. Dr. Alibhai received a Ph.D. in Molecular Neuroscience from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School and a B.S.
in Biology from Duke University. We believe that Dr. Alibhais scientific and medical expertise, as well as his industry, academic
and leadership roles, and his knowledge of the Company as Chief Executive Officer, makes him well qualified to serve on our board of directors.

Cynthia
Smith was appointed to the Companys board of directors upon the closing of the Merger. Since January 2017, Ms. Smith has consulted
as a strategic advisor for biotechnology companies. Previously, she served as Chief Commercial Officer and a member of the Executive Committee
of ZS Pharma, Inc. (ZS Pharma), a specialty pharmaceutical company developing therapies for treatment of hyperkalemia
and liver diseases, from 2013 to 2016, where she led efforts to transition the company from a development stage company to a commercial
enterprise. ZS Pharma was acquired by AstraZeneca in 2015. Prior to ZS Pharma, Ms. Smith served as Vice President, Market Access
and Commercial Development at Affymax, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from 2008 to 2013. From 2000 to 2008, she held various
senior leadership positions in market access, corporate strategy, government relations and external affairs at Merck & Co. Before
beginning her career in the biopharmaceutical industry, Ms. Smith served as a healthcare policy analyst in the Office of Management
and Budget at the White House from 1995 to 2000. Ms. Smith currently serves on the boards of directors of publicly traded biotechnology
companies Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Akebia Therapeutics, Inc., Protara Therapeutics, Inc., and Spero Therapeutics, Inc.,
and on the board of directors of the French-American Foundation. Ms. Smith previously served on the board of directors of Nivalis
Therapeutics, Inc. from November 2016 to July 2017 and on the board of directors of Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
from August 2018 until its acquisition by Novo Nordisk A/S in 2021. Ms. Smith earned a B.A. from the University of North Carolina
at Chapel Hill, an M.B.A. from the Wharton School and an M.S. in public policy from the Eagleton Institute of Politics at Rutgers University.
We believe that Ms. Smiths experience as an advisor to and member of the management team at pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical
companies and her current and past experience serving on boards of directors of public companies qualifies her to serve as a member of
our board of directors.

Susan
Shiff, Ph.D. has served as a member of the Cara board of directors since June 2020. Dr. Shiff serves as Chief
Executive Officer of Huma.ai, a privately held health technology company, a position she has held since July 2024. From July 2023
to July 2024, Dr. Shiff provided consulting services to life sciences companies through her business Susan Shiff Consulting,
LLC. Previously, she served as President and Chief Executive Officer from March 2021 to July 2023 of Ontada LLC, a US provider
technology, real world data and insights, and education company. From June 2014 to March 2021, she was a Senior Vice President
at Merck & Co and Head of the Center for Observational and Real-World Evidence, an organization that lead the measurement and
communication of the value of medicines and vaccines worldwide. She holds an M.B.A. from Cornell University and a Ph.D. from the University
of California at Los Angeles. We believe Dr. Shiffs extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry as a leader in the
development and implementation of evidence, access, and pricing strategies for products globally provides her with the qualifications
to serve on our board of directors.

16

Departure of Officers

On April 15, 2025, effective upon the closing of the Merger,
the employment of each of Christopher Posner, Ryan Maynard and Scott Terrillion as Caras President and Chief Executive
Officer, Caras Chief Financial Officer, and Caras General Counsel, Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer,
respectively, was terminated. In connection with their termination of employment, each of Mr. Posner, Mr. Maynard and
Mr. Terrillion entered into side letters with Cara which provided for (i) in the case of Mr. Posner, a lump sum
payment equal to 18 months of his current base salary, a lump sum payment equal to one and a half times his 2025 target annual bonus
and payment of applicable COBRA premiums for up to 18 months following termination, (ii) in the case of Mr. Maynard,
a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of his current base salary, a lump sum payment equal to his 2025 target annual bonus and
payment of applicable COBRA premiums for up to 12 months following termination, and (iii) in the case of
Mr. Terrillion, a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of his current base salary, a lump sum payment equal to his 2025 target
annual bonus and payment of applicable COBRA premiums for up to 12 months following termination. Each of Mr. Posner,
Mr. Maynard and Mr. Terrillion executed a release of claims in favor of the Company as a condition to receiving their
respective severance benefits. The terms of the side letters are pursuant to, and consistent with, the terms of the Cara
Therapeutics, Inc. Severance Plan and Form of Participation Agreement, which was filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Annual Report on Form
10-K filed by the Company on March 1, 2022, and the Employment Agreement with Mr. Posner, which was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 3, 2021, as applicable.

Appointment of Officers

On April 15, 2025, the board of directors of the Company appointed
the following persons to serve as officers of the Company until their respective successor is duly elected and qualified or until their
earlier resignation or removal:

Name Title

Imran Alibhai, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer and Director

Dan Conn, J.D., M.B.A. Chief Financial Officer

John Kauh, M.D. Chief Medical Officer

Jeffrey Larson, Ph.D., DABT Senior Vice President, Research & Development

Yixin Joseph Chen, Ph.D. Vice President, Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls

Stephen OBrien, MAcc, CPA Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)

Each of the persons above was designated by the board of directors
as an officer of the Company as such term is defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and, with the exception of Mr. OBrien, an executive officer
of the Company as such term is defined in Rule 3b-7 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

There are no family relationships among any of the Companys
newly appointed principal officers and any director or executive officer of the Company.

17

Imran
Alibhai, Ph.D. Dr. Alibhais biographical information is disclosed in the section above under the heading Appointment
of Directors.

Tvardi entered into an offer letter agreement with Dr. Alibhai
in November 2018, which governs the current terms of his employment with Tvardi. The agreement has no specific term and provides
for at-will employment. Pursuant to the agreement, Dr. Alibhai is entitled to an annual base salary and is eligible to receive an
annual performance bonus with a target equal to a pre-determined percentage of his annual base salary, based on the achievement of individual
performance and company performance as determined by its board of directors. Dr. Alibhais agreement also provides for certain
severance benefits, as follows. Pursuant to the terms of Dr. Alibhais offer letter agreement, if Tvardi terminates his employment
without cause or if he resigns for good reason (each as defined in his offer letter agreement), Dr. Alibhai
will be entitled to receive, subject to his execution and non-revocation of a severance and release of claims agreement in a form prescribed
by Tvardi, (i) continued payment of his then-current base salary for a severance period of six months, plus one additional
month for each full year of employment with Tvardi (not to exceed a total severance period of 10 months), (ii) premiums for COBRA
continuation coverage for such severance period and (iii) 24 months of accelerated vesting of all of his outstanding and unvested
equity awards as of the date of his termination of employment. Furthermore, if within three months prior to, or within 12 months following,
a change of control (as defined in his offer letter agreement), Dr. Alibhais employment is terminated without
cause or if he resigns for good reason, Dr. Alibhai will instead be entitled to receive, subject to his execution and non-revocation
of a severance and release of claims agreement in a form prescribed by Tvardi, (i) continued payment of his then-current base salary
for a severance period of 12 months, (ii) premiums for COBRA continuation coverage for such severance period and (iii) full
accelerated vesting of all of his outstanding and unvested equity awards.

Dan
Conn, J.D., M.B.A was appointed as our Chief Financial Officer upon the closing of the Merger. Mr. Conn has
served as Tvardis Chief Financial Officer since January 2022. Previously, Mr. Conn held multiple positions at Christies
International Real Estate, including Chief Operating Officer from January 2014 to October 2014 and Chief Executive Officer and
a member of the board of directors from October 2014 to November 2021. In these roles, Mr. Conn managed Christies
global real estate brand licensing and brokerage business and focused on expanding the business into new areas and strategic development.
From January 2012 to January 2014, Mr. Conn served as Senior Vice President of Asset Management at Brookfield Asset Management.
Prior to that, he served as a Director in the Restructuring Advisory Group of Peter J. Solomon Company from June 2010 to March 2012.
Prior to that, he served as Vice President Middle Market Investing and Portfolio Management at D.E. Shaw & Co., L.P.
from October 2006 to June 2010. Mr. Conn began his career as a mergers and acquisition and securities lawyer before moving
into investment banking at Morgan Stanley where he then transitioned into its real estate private equity funds arm. Mr. Conn received
an M.B.A. from the Anderson School of Business at the University of California, Los Angeles and a J.D. and B.A. in Philosophy from the
University of Toronto.

Tvardi entered into an offer letter agreement with Mr. Conn in
January 2022, which governs the current terms of his employment with Tvardi. The agreement has no specific term and provides for
at-will employment. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Conn is entitled to an annual base salary and is eligible to receive an annual
performance bonus with a target equal to a pre-determined percentage of his annual base salary, based on the achievement of individual
performance and company performance as determined by its board of directors. Mr. Conns agreement also provides for certain
severance benefits, as follows. Pursuant to the terms of Mr. Conns offer letter agreement, if Tvardi terminates his employment
without cause or if he resigns for good reason (each as defined in his offer letter agreement), Mr. Conn
will be entitled to receive, subject to his execution and non-revocation of a severance and release of claims agreement in a form prescribed
by Tvardi, (i) continued payment of his then-current base salary for a severance period of six months, plus one additional
month for each full year of employment with Tvardi (not to exceed a total severance period of 10 months), plus any pay in lieu of any
unused accrued vacation, (ii) premiums for COBRA continuation coverage for a period of six months, plus one additional month for
each full year of employment with Tvardi, and (iii) vesting of all outstanding and unvested equity awards that would have vested
in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in his offer letter agreement as if he had remained employed by Tvardi until the end
of his relevant severance period. Furthermore, if within three months prior to, or within 12 months following, a change of control
(as defined in his offer letter agreement), Mr. Conns employment is terminated without cause or if he resigns for good reason,
Mr. Conn will instead be entitled to receive, subject to his execution and non-revocation of a severance and release of claims agreement
in a form prescribed by Tvardi, (i) continued payment of his then-current base salary for a severance period of 12 months, (ii) premiums
for COBRA continuation coverage for a period of six months, plus one additional month for each full year of employment with Tvardi, and
(iii) full accelerated vesting of all of his outstanding and unvested equity awards.

18

John
Kauh, M.D. was appointed as our Chief Medical Officer upon the closing of the Merger.
Dr. Kauh has served as Tvardis Chief Medical Officer since January 2023. Prior to that, Dr. Kauh held multiple positions
at HUTCHMED, including serving as Vice President of Clinical Development from September 2020 to February 2023 and Executive
Director, Clinical Development from September 2018 to September 2020. In these roles, he oversaw clinical development of agents
ranging from Phase 1 to Phase 3 and provided medical oversight to various global clinical trials evaluating small-molecule inhibitors
in oncology and personally led the NDA and MAA regulatory submissions for surufatinib. From May 2017 to September 2018, Dr. Kauh
served as the Executive Director of Clinical Science Oncology at Glenmark Pharmaceuticals. From November 2013 to May 2017,
he served as the Senior Medical Director at ImClone Systems, a wholly owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company. Dr. Kauh received
an M.D. from Kimmel College of Medicine (formerly known as Jefferson Medical College) and a B.S. in Science from Penn State University.

Tvardi entered into an offer letter agreement
with Dr. Kauh in December 2022, which governs the current terms of his employment with Tvardi. The agreement has no specific
term and provides for at-will employment. Pursuant to the agreement, Dr. Kauh is entitled to an annual base salary and is eligible
to receive an annual performance bonus with a target equal to a pre-determined percentage of his annual base salary, based on the achievement
of individual performance and company performance as determined by its board of directors. Dr. Kauhs agreement provided for
an initial option grant, which was awarded in January 2023, and a sign-on advance, which was paid in 2023 and subject to repayment
for one year following Dr. Kauhs commencement of services. Dr. Kauhs agreement also provides for certain severance
benefits, as follows. Pursuant to the terms of Dr. Kauhs offer letter agreement, if Tvardi terminates his employment without
cause or if he resigns for good reason (each as defined in his offer letter agreement), Dr. Kauh will
be entitled to receive, subject to his execution and non-revocation of a severance and release of claims agreement in a form prescribed
by Tvardi, (i) continued payment of his then-current base salary for a severance period of six months, (ii) premiums
for COBRA continuation coverage for such severance period, and (iii) vesting of 12.5% of his outstanding and unvested equity awards
as of the separation date. Furthermore, if within three months prior to, or within 12 months following, a change of control
(as defined in his offer letter agreement), Dr. Kauhs employment is terminated without cause
or if he resigns for good reason, Dr. Kauh will instead be entitled to receive, subject to his execution and non-revocation of a
severance and release of claims agreement in a form prescribed by Tvardi, (i) continued payment of his then-current base salary for
a severance period of 12 months, (ii) premiums for COBRA continuation coverage for such severance period, and (iii) full accelerated
vesting of all of his outstanding and unvested equity awards.

Jeffrey
Larson, Ph.D., DABT, was appointed as our Senior Vice President, Research & Development upon the closing of the Merger.
Dr. Larson has served as Tvardis Senior Vice President, Research & Development, since November 2020. Since November 2016,
he has also served a member of the Houston Methodist Academic Institute, Translational Research Initiative External Advisory Board. From
June 2018 to November 2020, Dr. Larson served as Vice President of Product Development at Iterion Therapeutics, where he
oversaw chemistry manufacturing and controls, regulatory affairs, and quality and nonclinical research and development. From December 2015
to June 2018, Dr. Larson served as Vice President, Nonclinical Development at Beta Cat Pharmaceutical, which is now Iterion
Therapeutics. From December 2015 to February 2019, Dr. Larson also served as Vice President, Nonclinical Development at
Salarius Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Larson received a Ph.D. in Toxicology/Pharmacology from Washington State University and a B.A. in Environmental
Science from Minot State University.

Tvardi entered into an offer letter agreement with Dr. Larson
in October 2020, which governs the current terms of his employment with Tvardi. The agreement has no specific term and provides for
at-will employment. Pursuant to the agreement, Dr. Larson is entitled to an annual base salary and is eligible to receive an annual
performance bonus with a target equal to a pre-determined percentage of his annual base salary, based on the achievement of individual
performance and company performance as determined by its board of directors. Dr. Larsons agreement provided for an initial
option grant, which was awarded in January 2021, and a sign-on bonus, which was subject to repayment on a pro-rata basis in case
Dr. Larson voluntarily terminated his employment with the Company or was terminated for cause by the Company within a year from his
start date.

19

Yixin
Joseph Chen, Ph.D. was appointed as our Vice President, Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls upon the closing
of the Merger. Dr. Chen has served as Tvardis Vice President, Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls, since October 2021.
From March 2015 to October 2021, Dr. Chen served as the Owner and President of Cheminopti LLC, a consulting firm, where
he provided strategic guidance and technical leadership for all aspects of CMC development. From September 2019 to October 2021,
Dr. Chen served as the Director of Pharmaceutical Development and Manufacturing at SIGA Technology, Inc., a commercial-stage
pharmaceutical company, where he oversaw both drug substance and drug product CMC activities for early-stage development and commercialization
in the United States and European Union. Dr. Chen received a Ph.D. in analytical chemistry from the University of Memphis, Tennessee
and B.S. and M.S degrees in Chemical Engineering from Tianjin University, China.

Tvardi entered into an offer letter agreement with Dr. Chen in
September 2021, which governs the current terms of his employment with Tvardi. The agreement has no specific term and provides for
at-will employment. Pursuant to the agreement, Dr. Chen is entitled to an annual base salary and is eligible to receive an annual
performance bonus with a target equal to a pre-determined percentage of his annual base salary, based on the achievement of individual
performance and company performance as determined by its board of directors. Dr. Chens agreement provided for an initial option
grant, which was awarded in December 2021.

Stephen
OBrien, MAcc, CPA, was appointed as our Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller upon the closing of the Merger.
Mr. OBrien has served as Tvardis Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller since December 2021. From February 2016
to November 2021, Mr. OBrien served as an independent financial accountant, providing consultative financial reporting
and technical accounting advisory services to mid-market companies. Mr. OBrien has more than twenty years of accounting and
financial reporting experience in the life sciences at private and public companies. Mr. OBrien holds a Master of Accountancy
from Rider University and a BA from Fordham University. Mr. OBrien is a Certified Public Accountant and is actively licensed
in Pennsylvania and Texas.

Tvardi entered into an offer letter agreement
with Mr. OBrien in October 2023, which governs the current terms of his employment with Tvardi. The agreement has no
specific term and provides for at-will employment. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. OBrien is entitled to an annual base salary
and is eligible to receive an annual performance bonus with a target equal to a pre-determined percentage of his annual base salary, based
on the achievement of individual performance as determined by Mr. OBriens supervisor and company performance as determined
by its board of directors or Tvardis Chief Executive Officer. Mr. OBriens agreement provided for an option grant
in connection with his promotion to Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller, which was awarded in January 2024.

The above descriptions of the offer letter agreements for Dr. Alibhai,
Mr. Conn, Dr. Kauh, Dr. Larson, Dr. Chen and Mr. OBrien do not purport to be complete and are subject
to and qualified in their entirety by reference to the copies of the employment related agreements for Dr. Alibhai, Mr. Conn,
Dr. Kauh, Dr. Larson, Dr. Chen and Mr. OBrien included as Exhibits 10.5, 10.6, 10.7, 10.8, 10.9 and 10.10,
respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which are incorporated herein by reference.

Information regarding transactions between the Company and the newly
appointed directors and executive officers is included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus included in the Registration Statement entitled
Related Person Transactions of the Combined Company beginning on page 383 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Compensatory Plans

2018 Equity Incentive Plan

The Company assumed, effective as of the closing of the Merger, the
2018 Equity Incentive Plan of Tvardi (the 2018 Plan), as well as the outstanding awards granted thereunder, the award agreements
evidencing the grants of such awards and the remaining shares available under the 2018 Plan, including any awards granted to the Companys
named executive officers, in each case subject to applicable adjustments in the manner set forth in the Merger Agreement to such awards.
A copy of the 2018 Plan, as well as the forms of option grant notice and option agreement and forms of restricted stock unit grant notice
and unit award agreement are filed as Exhibits 10.11, 10.12 and 10.13, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated
herein by reference.

20

2025 Equity Incentive Plan

At the Special Meeting, Caras stockholders considered and approved
the Companys 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2025 Plan), which became effective at the closing of the Merger and
following the Reverse Stock Split. As of the effective time of the Merger, there were 935,554 shares of the Companys common stock
available for grant under the 2025 Plan. In addition, the number of shares initially reserved and available for issuance under the 2025
Plan may be increased at the discretion of our board of directors (and without any further action by our stockholders) on January 1
of each year for a period of five years, commencing on January 1, 2026 and ending on January 1, 2030, in an amount not
to exceed 5% of the total number of shares of the Fully Diluted Common Stock (as defined in the 2025 Plan) determined on December 31
of the preceding year, if our board of directors acts prior to January 1 of a given year to provide that the increase for such year
will occur and to determine the applicable number of additional shares of our common stock. In the absence of action by our board of directors,
no such increase will automatically occur.

A more complete summary of the terms of the 2025 Plan is set forth
in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus under the section titled Proposal No. 2 (The Equity Plan Proposal): Approval of Equity
Plan Proposal beginning on page 218 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and is incorporated by reference herein. That summary
and the foregoing description of the 2025 Plan do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text
of the 2025 Plan, forms of option grant notices and option agreements and forms of restricted stock unit grant notice and unit award agreement,
copies of which are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibits 10.14, 10.15 and 10.16, respectively, and are incorporated
herein by reference.

2025 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

At the Special Meeting, Caras stockholders considered and approved
the Companys 2025 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2025 ESPP), which became effective at the closing of the Merger
and following the Reverse Stock Split. As of the effective time of the Merger, there were 93,555 shares of the Companys common
stock reserved for issuance under the 2025 ESPP (the Initial Share Reserve). Additionally, the number of shares of common
stock reserved for issuance under the 2025 ESPP will automatically increase on January 1 of each year for a period of up to ten years,
beginning on January 1, 2026 and continuing through and including January 1, 2035, by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 
1% of the total number of shares of the Fully Diluted Common Stock (as defined in the 2025 ESPP) determined on December 31 of the
preceding year, and (ii) a number of shares equal to three times the Initial Share Reserve. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our board
of directors may act prior to January 1st of a given year to provide that the increase for such year will be a lesser number
of shares.

A more complete summary of the terms of the 2025 ESPP is set forth
in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus under the section titled Proposal No. 3 (The ESPP Proposal): Approval of ESPP Proposal
beginning on page 226 of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and is incorporated by reference herein. That summary and the foregoing description
of the 2025 ESPP do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text of the 2025 ESPP, a copy of
which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.18 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.

Indemnification Agreements

The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K
under the heading Indemnification Agreements is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change
in Fiscal Year.

To the extent required by Item 5.03 of Form 8-K, the information
contained in Item 2.01 and Item 3.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein.

Commencing on April 16, 2025, the Company expects its common stock,
which is currently listed and will continue to be listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, to trade under the ticker symbol TVRD.
The change in trading symbol is related solely to the Name Change.

21

Item 5.05. Amendments to the Registrants Code of Ethics,
or Waiver of a Provision of the Code of Ethics.

On April 15, 2025, the board of directors of the Company approved
and adopted a new Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code), which is applicable to all directors, officers, and employees
of the Company. Caras existing Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Existing Code) was refreshed and updated
by further enhancing and clarifying the Existing Codes standards requiring compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules,
and regulations as well as Company policies and procedures. The amendments include, among other changes: (i) an additional description
regarding the Companys policies and procedures for responding to lawsuits, legal proceedings, and investigations; (ii) expanded
policies relating to conflicts of interest, including expressly stated factors that will be considered in evaluating a conflict of interest;
(iii) added requirements relating to the conduct of senior financial personnel; (iv) a description of the Companys policies
and practices with respect to creating a respectful environment; (v) expectations regarding the protection and use of the Companys
assets; and (vi) an additional description of the Companys policies and procedures with respect to publicity and media engagements.

The adoption of the Code did not result in any explicit or implicit
waiver of any provision of the Existing Code. The foregoing description of the Code does not purport to be complete and is subject and
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Code, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 14.1 and is incorporated
herein by reference. A copy of the Code can also be found on the Companys website at ir.tvarditherapeutics.com. We intend to disclose
future amendments to the Code, or any waivers of its requirements, applicable to any principal executive officer, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions or our directors on our website identified
above or in a current report on Form 8-K. Information on or accessible through our website is not incorporated by reference herein.
The inclusion of our website in this Current Report on Form 8-K is an inactive textual reference only.

Item 5.06. Change in Shell Company Status.

As a result of the Merger, the Company ceased to be a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) as of the closing of the Merger. The material terms and provisions of the Merger Agreement
are included in the Proxy Statement/Prospectus in the sections titled The Merger Agreement beginning on page 191
of the Proxy Statement/Prospectus and are incorporated by reference herein. Further reference is made to the information contained in
Item 2.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 7.01. Regulation
FD Disclosure.

On April 15, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing,
among other things, the closing of the Merger. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated herein
by reference.

The information set forth
under this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange
Act, or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act unless expressly incorporated by specific reference in such filing.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On April 14, 2025, Cara issued a press release announcing the
Reverse Stock Split. The press release is filed as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(a) Financial Statements of Business Acquired

The audited consolidated financial statements of Cara as of and for
the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 and the related notes are included in Caras Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed
with the SEC on March 11, 2025, and are incorporated herein by reference.

22

The audited financial statements of Tvardi as of and for the years
ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 are filed herewith as Exhibit 99.3 and are incorporated herein by reference.

(b) Pro Forma Financial Information

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of
the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 is set forth in Exhibit 99.5 hereto and is incorporated herein by
reference.

Exhibit No. Description

2.1** Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of December 17, 2024, by and among Cara Therapeutics, Inc., CT Convergence Merger Sub, Inc. and Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36279), filed with the SEC on December 18, 2024).

2.2** Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 17, 2024, by and among Cara Therapeutics, Inc., Cara Royalty Sub, LLC and Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal Pharma, Ltd. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36279), filed with the SEC on December 18, 2024).

3.1* Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cara Therapeutics, Inc., dated April 15, 2025 (Stock Split Amendment).

3.2* Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cara Therapeutics, Inc., dated April 15, 2025 (Authorized Shares Amendment).

3.3* Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cara Therapeutics, Inc., dated April 15, 2025 (Name Change Amendment).

10.1#* Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each of its directors and executive officers.

10.2* Registration Rights Agreement by and between the Company and the parties thereto, dated April 15, 2025.

10.3** Exclusive License Agreement by and between the StemMed, Ltd. (f/k/a Stem Med Limited Partnership) and Baylor College of Medicine, dated July 16, 2012, as amended April 26, 2015, subject to Notice of Assignment from Stem Med Limited Partnership to Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. dated January 14, 2018, and as further amended August 13, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900), filed with the SEC on December 18, 2024).

10.4** Exclusive License Agreement by and between the StemMed, Ltd. and Baylor College of Medicine, dated June 19, 2015, subject to Notice of Assignment from Stem Med Limited Partnership to Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. dated February 22, 2018, and as amended on June 18, 2019 and April 6, 2023 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900), filed with the SEC on December 18, 2024).

23

10.5#** Offer Letter by and between Imran Alibhai, Ph.D. and Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900), filed with the SEC on December 18, 2024).

10.6#** Offer Letter by and between Dan Conn and Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.28 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900), filed with the SEC on December 18, 2024).

10.7#** Offer Letter by and between John Kauh, M.D. and Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.29 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900), filed with the SEC on December 18, 2024).

10.8#** Offer Letter by and between Jeffrey Larson, Ph.D., DABT and Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.30 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900), filed with the SEC on December 18, 2024).

10.9#** Offer Letter by and between Yixin Joseph Chen, Ph.D. and Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900), filed with the SEC on December 18, 2024).

10.10#* Offer Letter by and between Stephen OBrien, MAcc, CPA and Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

10.11#** Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900), filed with the SEC on December 18, 2024).

10.12#** Form of Stock Option Grant Notice, Stock Option Agreement and Notice of Exercise under the Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900), filed with the SEC on December 18, 2024).

10.13#** Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrants Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900), filed with the SEC on December 18, 2024).

10.14#* Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan.

10.15#* Forms of Option Grant Notices, Option Agreements and Notices of Exercise under Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan.

10.16#* Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Award Agreement under Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan.

10.17#* Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. 2025 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

10.18** Founder Restricted Stock Agreement, by and between Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. and David J. Tweardy, dated January 25, 2018, as amended September 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.39 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900), filed with the SEC on January 27, 2025).

10.19** Founder Restricted Stock Agreement, by and between Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. and Ronald DePinho, dated January 25, 2018, as amended September 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.40 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-283900), filed with the SEC on January 27, 2025).

24

14.1* Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.

23.1* Consent of Deloitte & Touche, LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

99.1* Press release issued on April 15, 2025, regarding the closing of the Merger. 

99.2* Press release issued on April 14, 2025, regarding the Reverse Stock Split

99.3** Audited Financial Statements of Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36279), filed with the SEC on April 1, 2025).

99.4** Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Tvardi for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36279), filed with the SEC on April 1, 2025).

99.5** Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-36279), filed with the SEC on April 1, 2025).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

* Filed herewith

** Previously filed.

# Indicates a
management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement.

Certain portions of this exhibit
(indicated by asterisks) have been omitted because they are not material and are the type of information that the Company treats as private
or confidential.

Schedules and exhibits have been
omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any
of the omitted schedules upon request by the SEC.

25

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.

TVARDI THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Date: April 15, 2025 By: 

/s/ Imran Alibhai

Name: Imran Alibhai

Title: Chief Executive Officer

26
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

TO

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

CARA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Cara Therapeutics, Inc.
(the Company), a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware (the DGCL), does hereby certify that:

FIRST:
The name of this corporation is Cara Therapeutics, Inc., and the date on which the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation
was originally filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was July 2, 2004, under the original name Cara Therapeutics, Inc.

SECOND:
The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board), acting in accordance with the provisions of Sections 141
and 242 of the DGCL, adopted resolutions amending its Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation),
as follows:

Effective as of the effective
time of 4:01 p.m., Eastern Time, on April 15, 2025 (the Effective Time), each three (3) shares of
the Companys Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, automatically
and without any action on the part of the Company or the respective holders thereof, be combined into one (1) share of Common Stock
without increasing or decreasing the par value of each share of Common Stock (the Reverse Split); provided,
however, no fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued as a result of the Reverse Split and, in lieu thereof, upon receipt after
the Effective Time by the exchange agent selected by the Company of a properly completed and duly executed transmittal letter and, where
shares are held in certificated form, the surrender of the stock certificate(s) formerly representing shares of pre-Reverse Split
Common Stock, any stockholder who would otherwise be entitled to a fractional share of post-Reverse Split Common Stock as a result of
the Reverse Split, following the Effective Time (after taking into account all fractional shares of post-Reverse Split Common Stock otherwise
issuable to such stockholder), shall be entitled to receive a cash payment (without interest) equal to the fractional share of post-Reverse
Split Common Stock to which such stockholder would otherwise be entitled multiplied by the average of the closing sales prices of a share
of the Companys Common Stock (as adjusted to give effect to the Reverse Split) on The Nasdaq Stock Market for the date immediately
preceding the Effective Time. Each stock certificate that, immediately prior to the Effective Time, represented shares of pre-Reverse
Split Common Stock shall, from and after the Effective Time, automatically and without any action on the part of the Company or the respective
holders thereof, represent that number of whole shares of post-Reverse Split Common Stock into which the shares of pre-Reverse Split Common
Stock represented by such certificate shall have been combined (as well as the right to receive cash in lieu of any fractional shares
of post-Reverse Split Common Stock as set forth above); provided, however, that each holder of record of a certificate that represented
shares of pre-Reverse Split Common Stock shall receive, upon surrender of such certificate, a new certificate representing the number
of whole shares of post-Reverse Split Common Stock into which the shares of pre-Reverse Split Common Stock represented by such certificate
shall have been combined pursuant to the Reverse Split, as well as any cash in lieu of fractional shares of post-Reverse Split Common
Stock to which such holder may be entitled as set forth above. The Reverse Split shall be effected on a record holder-by-record holder
basis, such that any fractional shares of post-Reverse Split Common Stock resulting from the Reverse Split and held by a single record
holder shall be aggregated.

THIRD:
The foregoing amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation was duly approved by the Board.

FOURTH:
Thereafter, pursuant to a resolution of the Board, this Certificate of Amendment was submitted to the stockholders of the Company for
their approval, and was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the DGCL.

FIFTH:
This amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation shall be effective on and as of the effective time of 4:01 p.m., Eastern Time, on April 15,
2025.

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Cara Therapeutics, Inc. has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be executed by its Chief Executive
Officer as of April 15, 2025.

By: /s/ Christopher Posner

Name: Christopher Posner

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex3-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.2

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

TO

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

CARA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Cara Therapeutics, Inc.
(the Company), a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware (the DGCL), does hereby certify that:

FIRST:
The name of this corporation is Cara Therapeutics, Inc., and the date on which the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation
was originally filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was July 2, 2004, under the original name Cara Therapeutics, Inc.

SECOND:
The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board), acting in accordance with the provisions of Sections 141
and 242 of the DGCL, adopted resolutions amending its Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation)
to provide that Section A of Article IV of the Certificate of Incorporation is amended and restated to read in its entirety
as follows:

A. This Company is
authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively, Common Stock and Preferred Stock.
The total number of shares which the Company is authorized to issue is one hundred fifty-five million (155,000,000) shares. One hundred
fifty million (150,000,000) shares shall be Common Stock, each having a par value of one-tenth of one cent ($0.001). Five million (5,000,000)
shares shall be Preferred Stock, each having a par value of one-tenth of one cent ($0.001).

THIRD:
The foregoing amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation was duly approved by the Board.

FOURTH:
Thereafter, pursuant to a resolution of the Board, this Certificate of Amendment was submitted to the stockholders of the Company for
their approval, and was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the DGCL.

FIFTH:
This amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation shall be effective on and as of the effective time of 4:02 p.m., Eastern Time, on April 15,
2025.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Cara Therapeutics, Inc. has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be executed by its Chief Executive
Officer as of April 15, 2025.

By: /s/ Christopher Posner

Name: Christopher Posner

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex3-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.3

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT

TO

AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

CARA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Cara Therapeutics, Inc.
(the Company), a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware (the DGCL), does hereby certify that:

FIRST:
The name of this corporation is Cara Therapeutics, Inc., and the date on which the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation
was originally filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was July 2, 2004, under the original name Cara Therapeutics, Inc.
An Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 5,
2014 (as amended, the Certificate of Incorporation). Pursuant to Section 242 of the DGCL this Certificate
of Amendment (this Amendment) amends certain provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation.

SECOND:
The Board of Directors of the Company duly adopted resolutions approving the Amendment and declaring the Amendment to be advisable.

THIRD:
Article I of the Charter is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

The name of the corporation
is Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company or the Corporation).

FOURTH:
All other references to Cara Therapeutics, Inc. in the Certificate of Incorporation shall be replaced with Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc.

FIFTH:
This Amendment shall become effective at 4:04 p.m. Eastern Time on April 15, 2025.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Cara Therapeutics, Inc. has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be executed by its Chief Executive
Officer as of April 15, 2025.

By: /s/ Christopher Posner

Name: Christopher Posner

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This Indemnification Agreement is dated as of []
(this Agreement) and is between Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and [Name] (Indemnitee).

Background

The Company believes that in order to attract and
retain highly competent persons to serve as directors or in other capacities, including as officers, it must provide such persons with
adequate protection through indemnification against the risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their services to and
activities on behalf of the Company.

The Company desires and has requested Indemnitee
to serve as a director and/or officer of the Company and, in order to induce the Indemnitee to serve in such capacity, the Company is
willing to grant the Indemnitee the indemnification provided for herein. Indemnitee is willing to so serve on the basis that such indemnification
be provided.

The parties by this Agreement desire to set forth
their agreement regarding indemnification and the advancement of expenses.

In consideration of Indemnitees service to
the Company, the covenants and agreements set forth below and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

Section 1.
Indemnification.

To the fullest extent permitted by the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL):

(a) The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee if
Indemnitee was or is made or is threatened to be made a party to, or is otherwise involved in, as a witness or otherwise, any threatened,
pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (brought in the right of the Company or otherwise), whether civil, criminal, administrative,
regulatory or investigative and whether formal or informal, including appeals, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was or has
agreed to serve as a director and/or officer of the Company, or, while serving in such capacity, is or was serving or has agreed to serve
at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent (which, for purposes hereof, shall include a trustee, fiduciary,
partner or manager or similar capacity) of another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee
benefit plan or other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in any such capacity, in each case
whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement or advancement
of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

(b) The indemnification provided by this Section 1
shall be from and against all loss and liability suffered and expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts
paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with such action, suit or proceeding,
including any appeals.

(c) If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision
of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for a portion of any expenses, losses, liabilities, judgments, fines and amounts paid
in settlement incurred by Indemnitee, but not for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for such
portion.

Section 2.
Advance Payment of Expenses. To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, expenses (including attorneys fees)
incurred by Indemnitee in appearing at, participating in or defending any action, suit or proceeding or in connection with an enforcement
action as contemplated by Section 3(e), shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or
proceeding within 30 days after receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advance or advances
(including any invoices received by Indemnitee, which invoices may be redacted as necessary to avoid the waiver of any privilege accorded
by applicable law) from time to time. The Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay any amounts advanced (without interest) to the extent
that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled under this Agreement to be indemnified by the Company in respect thereof.
Such repayment obligation shall be unsecured and shall not bear interest. The Company shall not impose on Indemnitee additional conditions
to advancement or require from Indemnitee additional undertakings regarding repayment other than the execution of this Agreement. The
Company agrees that for the purposes of any advancement of expenses for which Indemnitee has made a written demand in accordance with
this Agreement, all expenses included in such demand that are certified by affidavit of Indemnitees counsel as being reasonable
shall be presumed conclusively to be reasonable. This Section 2 shall be subject to Section 3(b) and shall not apply to
any claim made by Indemnitee for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to Section 6 and Section 7.

Section 3.
Procedure for Indemnification; Notification and Defense of Claim.

(a) Promptly after receipt by Indemnitee of
notice of the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, Indemnitee shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against
the Company hereunder, notify the Company in writing of the commencement thereof. The failure to promptly notify the Company of the commencement
of the action, suit or proceeding, or of Indemnitees request for indemnification, will not relieve the Company from any liability
that it may have to Indemnitee hereunder, except to the extent the Company is actually and materially prejudiced in its defense of such
action, suit or proceeding as a result of such failure. To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to
the Company a written request therefor including such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably
necessary to enable the Company to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification.

(b) With respect to any action, suit or proceeding
of which the Company is so notified as provided in this Agreement, the Company shall, subject to the last two sentences of this paragraph,
be entitled to assume the defense of such action, suit or proceeding, with counsel reasonably acceptable to Indemnitee, upon the delivery
to Indemnitee of written notice of its election to do so. After delivery of such notice, approval of such counsel by Indemnitee and the
retention of such counsel by the Company, the Company will not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any subsequently-incurred
fees of separate counsel engaged by Indemnitee with respect to the same action, suit or proceeding unless the employment of separate counsel
by Indemnitee has been previously authorized in writing by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Indemnitee, based on the advice
of his or her counsel, shall have reasonably concluded (with written notice being given to the Company setting forth the basis for such
conclusion) that, in the conduct of any such defense, there is or is reasonably likely to be a conflict of interest or position between
the Company and Indemnitee with respect to a significant issue, then the Company will not be entitled, without the written consent of
Indemnitee, to assume such defense. In addition, the Company will not be entitled, without the written consent of Indemnitee, to assume
the defense of any claim brought by or in the right of the Company.

(c) To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL,
the Companys assumption of the defense of an action, suit or proceeding in accordance with paragraph 3(b) will constitute
an irrevocable acknowledgement by the Company that any loss and liability suffered by Indemnitee and expenses (including attorneys
fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement by or for the account of Indemnitee incurred in connection therewith are indemnifiable
by the Company under Section 1 of this Agreement.

(d) The determination whether to grant Indemnitees
indemnification request shall be made promptly and in any event within 30 days following the Companys receipt of a request for
indemnification in accordance with Section 3(a). If the Company determines that Indemnitee is entitled to such indemnification or,
as contemplated by paragraph 3(c) the Company has acknowledged such entitlement, the Company will make payment to Indemnitee of the
indemnifiable amount within such 30 day period. If the Company is not deemed to have so acknowledged such entitlement or the Companys
determination of whether to grant Indemnitees indemnification request shall not have been made within such 30 day period, the requisite
determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, subject to Section 6, nonetheless be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee
shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material
fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or
(ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under the DGCL.

2

(e) In the event that (i) the Company determines
in accordance with this Section 3 that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, in whole or in part, under this Agreement,
(ii) the Company fails to respond or make a determination of entitlement to indemnification within 30 days following receipt of a
request for indemnification as described above, (iii) payment of indemnification is not made within such 30 day period, (iv) advancement
of expenses is not timely made in accordance with Section 2, or (v) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take
any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other action or proceeding designed to deny,
or to recover from, the Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be
entitled to an adjudication in any court of competent jurisdiction of his or her entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of
expenses. Indemnitees expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in connection with successfully establishing Indemnitees
right to indemnification or advancement of expenses, in whole or in part, in any such proceeding or otherwise shall also be indemnified
by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL.

(f) Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled
to indemnification and advancement of expenses under this Agreement upon submission of a request therefor in accordance with Section 2
or Section 3 of this Agreement, as the case may be. The Company shall have the burden of proof in overcoming such presumption, and
such presumption shall be used as a basis for a determination of entitlement to indemnification and advancement of expenses unless the
Company overcomes such presumption by clear and convincing evidence.

Section 4.
Insurance and Subrogation.

(a) The Company may purchase and maintain a
policy or policies of insurance, providing Indemnitee with coverage for any liability asserted against, and incurred by, Indemnitee
or on Indemnitees behalf by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was or has agreed to serve as a director and/or officer of
the Company, or, while serving in such capacity, is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the Company as a director,
officer, employee or agent (which, for purposes hereof, shall include a trustee, fiduciary, partner or manager or similar capacity) of
another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, or arising
out of Indemnitees status as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify Indemnitee against such liability
under the provisions of this Agreement. If the Company has such insurance in effect at the time the Company receives from Indemnitee any
notice of the commencement of an action, suit or proceeding, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such action,
suit or proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the policy. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary
or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in accordance
with the terms of such policy.

(b) In the event of any payment by the Company
under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee with
respect to any insurance policy. Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including
execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights in accordance with the terms of
such insurance policy. The Company shall pay or reimburse all expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with
such subrogation.

(c) The Company shall not be liable under this
Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder (including, but not limited to, judgments, fines and amounts
paid in settlement) if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under this Agreement or any insurance
policy, contract, agreement or otherwise.

Section 5.
Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions shall apply:

(a) The term action, suit or proceeding
shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, the investigation, preparation, prosecution, defense, settlement, arbitration
and appeal of, and the giving of testimony in, any threatened, pending or completed claim, action, suit, arbitration, alternative dispute
mechanism or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative.

3

(b) The term by reason of the fact
that Indemnitee is or was or has agreed to serve as a director and/or officer of the Company, or, while serving in such capacity, is or
was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent (which, for purposes hereof,
shall include a trustee, partner or manager or similar capacity) of another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint
venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation,
any actual or alleged act or omission to act.

(c) The term expenses
shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, all direct and indirect costs of any type or nature whatsoever (including,
without limitation, all attorneys fees and related disbursements, appeal bonds, other out-of-pocket costs and reasonable compensation
for time spent by Indemnitee for which Indemnitee is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party), actually and reasonably
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with either the investigation, defense or appeal of an action, suit or proceeding or establishing
or enforcing a right to indemnification under this Agreement or otherwise incurred in connection with a claim that is indemnifiable hereunder.

(d) The term judgments, fines and
amounts paid in settlement shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, all direct and indirect payments
of any type or nature whatsoever, as well as any penalties or excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan.

Section 6.
Limitation on Indemnification. Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be
obligated pursuant to this Agreement:

(a) Claims Initiated by Indemnitee. To
indemnify or advance expenses to Indemnitee with respect to an action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof), however denominated, initiated
by Indemnitee, except with respect to any compulsory counterclaim brought by Indemnitee or an action, suit or proceeding brought to establish
or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Agreement (which shall be governed by the provisions of Section 6(b) of
this Agreement), unless such action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of
the Company (the Board).

(b) Action for Indemnification. To indemnify
Indemnitee for any expenses incurred by Indemnitee with respect to any action, suit or proceeding instituted by Indemnitee to enforce
or interpret this Agreement, unless Indemnitee is successful in such action, suit or proceeding in establishing Indemnitees right,
in whole or in part, to indemnification or advancement of expenses hereunder (in which case such indemnification or advancement shall
be to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL), or unless and to the extent that the court in such action, suit or proceeding shall determine
that, despite Indemnitees failure to establish their right to indemnification, Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification for
such expenses; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 6(b) is intended to limit the Companys obligations with
respect to the advancement of expenses to Indemnitee in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding instituted by Indemnitee to
enforce or interpret this Agreement, as provided in Section 2 hereof.

(c) Certain Exchange Act Claims. To
indemnify Indemnitee in connection with any action, suit or proceeding made against Indemnitee for (i) an accounting of profits made
from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) or similar provisions of state statutory
law or common law, (ii) any reimbursement of the Company by the Indemnitee of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based
compensation or of any profits realized by the Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the
Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act), or the payment to the Company of profits arising
from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or (iii) any reimbursement
of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board or the
compensation committee of the Board, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange listing requirements
implementing Section 10D of the Exchange Act.

4

(d) Fraud or Willful Misconduct. To indemnify
Indemnitee on account of conduct by Indemnitee where such conduct has been determined by a final (not interlocutory) judgment or other
adjudication of a court or arbitration or administrative body of competent jurisdiction as to which there is no further right or option
of appeal or the time within which an appeal must be filed has expired without such filing to have been knowingly fraudulent or constitute
willful misconduct.

(e) Prohibited by Law. To indemnify Indemnitee
in any circumstance where such indemnification has been determined by a final (not interlocutory) judgment or other adjudication of a
court or arbitration or administrative body of competent jurisdiction as to which there is no further right or option of appeal, or the
time within which an appeal must be filed has expired without such filing having been made, to be prohibited by law.

Section 7.
Certain Settlement Provisions. The Company shall have no obligation to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement for
any amounts paid in settlement of any action, suit or proceeding without the Companys prior written consent. The Company shall
not settle any action, suit or proceeding in any manner that would impose any fine or other obligation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees
prior written consent. Neither the Company nor Indemnitee will unreasonably withhold his, her, its or their consent to any proposed settlement.

Section 8.
Savings Clause. If any provision or provisions (or portion thereof) of this Agreement shall be invalidated on any ground
by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee if Indemnitee was or is made or is threatened
to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (brought in the right of
the Company or otherwise), whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative and whether formal or informal, including appeals,
by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was or has agreed to serve as a director and/or officer of the Company, or, while serving
in such capacity, is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent (which,
for purposes hereof, shall include a trustee, partner or manager or similar capacity) of another corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or
omitted in such capacity, from and against all loss and liability suffered and expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments,
fines and amounts paid in settlement reasonably incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with such action, suit or proceeding,
including any appeals, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Agreement that shall not have been invalidated.

Section 9.
Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification
provided for herein is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part, it is agreed that,
in such event, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, contribute to the payment of all of Indemnitees loss
and liability suffered and expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement reasonably incurred
by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with any action, suit or proceeding, including any appeals, in an amount that is just and
equitable in the circumstances; provided that, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such contribution shall not be required
where such holding by the court is due to any limitation on indemnification set forth in Section 4(c), 6 (other than clause (e))
or 7 hereof.

Section 10.
Form and Delivery of Communications. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand, upon receipt by the party to whom said
notice or other communication shall have been directed, (b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third
business day after the date on which it is so mailed, (c) mailed by reputable overnight courier, one day after deposit with such
courier and with written verification of receipt, or (d) sent by email or facsimile transmission, with receipt of oral confirmation
that such transmission has been received. Notice to the Company shall be directed to Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc., Attention: Legal,
email: [], phone: (713) 489-8654. Notice to Indemnitee shall be directed to [XXXXXX], email: [XXX@XXX.com], phone: [(XXX)-XXX-XXXX].

5

Section 11.
Nonexclusivity. The provisions for indemnification and advancement of expenses set forth in this Agreement shall
not be deemed exclusive of any other rights which Indemnitee may have under any provision of law, in any court in which a proceeding is
brought, the Companys certificate of incorporation or by-laws, other agreements or otherwise, and Indemnitees rights hereunder
shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of Indemnitee. No amendment or alteration of the Companys
certificate of incorporation or by-laws or any other agreement shall adversely affect the rights provided to Indemnitee under this Agreement.

Section 12.
No Construction as Employment Agreement. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as giving Indemnitee any right
to be retained as a director of the Company or in the employ of the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the indemnification and advancement
of expenses provided under this Agreement shall continue as to the Indemnitee even though Indemnitee may have ceased to be a director
or officer of the Company.

Section 13.
Interpretation of Agreement. It is understood that the parties hereto intend this Agreement to be interpreted and enforced
so as to provide indemnification to Indemnitee to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by the DGCL.

Section 14.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the documents expressly referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between
the parties hereto with respect to the matters covered hereby, and any other prior or contemporaneous oral or written understandings or
agreements with respect to the matters covered hereby are expressly superseded by this Agreement.

Section 15.
Modification and Waiver. No supplement, modification, waiver or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless
executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute
a waiver of any other provision hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. For the avoidance
of doubt, this Agreement may not be terminated by the Company without Indemnitees prior written consent.

Section 16.
Successor and Assigns. All of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, shall inure to the benefit
of and shall be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal
representatives. The Company shall require and cause any direct or indirect successor (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise)
to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would
be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

Section 17.
Service of Process and Venue. The Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (a) agree
that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Chancery Court of the State
of Delaware (the Delaware Court), and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America
or any court in any other country, (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any
action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (c) appoint, to the extent such party is not otherwise
subject to service of process in the State of Delaware, irrevocably Corporation Service Company, 251 Little Falls Drive Wilmington, DE
19808-1674 as its agent in the State of Delaware as such partys agent for acceptance of legal process in connection with any such
action or proceeding against such party with the same legal force and validity as if served upon such party personally within the State
of Delaware, (d) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court, and (e) waive,
and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper
or inconvenient forum.

6

Section 18.
Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.
If a court of competent jurisdiction shall make a final determination that the provisions of the law of any state other than Delaware
govern indemnification by the Company of Indemnitee, then the indemnification provided under this Agreement shall in all instances be
enforceable to the fullest extent permitted under such law, notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary.

Section 19.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original
and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument, notwithstanding that both parties are not signatories to
the original or same counterpart.

Section 20.
Headings and Section References. The section and subsection headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Section references are to this Agreement
unless otherwise specified.

7

This Indemnification Agreement has been duly executed
and delivered to be effective as of the date stated above.

Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

By 

Name:

Title:

INDEMNITEE:

Name:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights Agreement
(this Agreement) is made and entered into as of April 15, 2025, among Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), Cara Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Parent),
and the investors signatory hereto (each, an Investor).

WHEREAS, the Company is party
to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, CT Convergence Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger
Sub), and Parent, dated as of December 17, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), pursuant to which
the Company will merge with and into Merger Sub and will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (together, the Merger);

WHEREAS, following the Effective
Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement), Parent will change its name to Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (TopCo);
and

WHEREAS, the parties desire
to enter into this Agreement in order to grant certain rights to the Investors as set forth below.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the covenants and promises set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

As used in this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Advice
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Allowed
Delay shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(j).

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any
day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close; provided,
however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay
at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the
closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems
(including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in the State of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
Date means the date of closing of the Merger.

Commission
means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company.

Company
means Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. for all periods prior to the Effective Time and TopCo for all periods following the Effective Time.

Effectiveness
Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required to be filed hereunder, the 45th calendar day following
the Filing Date (or the actual date of filing of the Initial Registration Statement, if earlier) (or, in the event of a full review
by the Commission, the 75th calendar day following the Filing Date (or the actual date of filing of the Initial Registration Statement,
if earlier)) and with respect to any additional Registration Statements that may be required pursuant to Sections 2(b) and 2(c) or
Section 3(c), the 30th calendar day following the date on which an additional Registration Statement is required to be
filed hereunder (or the actual date of filing of the additional Registration Statement, if earlier) (or, in the event of a full
review by the Commission, the 60th calendar day following the date thereof (or the actual date of filing of the additional Registration
Statement, if earlier)); provided, however, that in the event the Company is notified by the Commission (orally or in writing)
that one or more of the above Registration Statements will not be reviewed or is no longer subject to further review and comments, the
Effectiveness Date as to such Registration Statement shall be the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date on which the Company is so
notified if such date precedes the dates otherwise required above, provided, further, if such Effectiveness Date falls on a day that is
not a Trading Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next succeeding Trading Day and the Company shall have ten additional Trading
Days if required to update for a quarterly filing.

Effectiveness
Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Act of 1934, as amended.

Filing
Date means, with respect to the Initial Registration Statement required hereunder, the 30th calendar day following the
Closing Date and, with respect to any additional Registration Statements that may be required pursuant to Sections 2(b) and
2(c) or Section 3(c), the 30th calendar day following the date on which the Company is permitted by SEC Guidance to
file such additional Registration Statement related to the Registrable Securities.

Holder
or Holders means the holder or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Indemnifying
Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).

Initial
Registration Statement means the initial Registration Statement filed pursuant to this Agreement.

Losses
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(a).

National
Exchange means each of the following, together with any successor thereto: the NYSE American, The New York Stock Exchange,
the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market and the Nasdaq Capital Market.

Opt-Out
Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(r).

Plan
of Distribution shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Prospectus
means the prospectus included in a Registration Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously
omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of
any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus,
including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

Registrable
Securities means, as of any date of determination, (a) all shares of Common Stock of TopCo issued at the closing of
the Merger to the Investors in respect of all shares of capital stock of the Company held by Investors as of immediately prior to the
Effective Time, and (b) any shares of Common Stock issued or then issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution,
recapitalization or similar event with respect to the foregoing; provided, however, that any such Registrable Securities
shall cease to be Registrable Securities (and the Company shall not be required to maintain the effectiveness of any, or file another,
Registration Statement hereunder with respect thereto) upon the earliest to occur of (i) a Registration Statement with respect to
the sale of such Registrable Securities is declared effective by the Commission under the Securities Act and such Registrable Securities
have been disposed of by the Holder in accordance with such effective Registration Statement, (ii) such Registrable Securities have
been previously sold in accordance with Rule 144, (iii) such Registrable Securities become eligible for resale without volume
or manner-of-sale restrictions and without current public information pursuant to Rule 144, (iv) such securities shall have
been otherwise transferred, new certificates or book entry provisions for such securities not bearing a legend restricting further transfer
shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent public distribution of such securities shall not require registration under the
Securities Act, (v) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding or (vi) such securities have been sold to, or through,
a broker, dealer or underwriter in a public distribution or other public securities transaction.

2

Registration
Statement means any registration statement required to be filed hereunder pursuant to Section 2(a) and
any additional registration statements contemplated by Section 2(c) or Section 3(c), including (in
each case) the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to any such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and post-effective
amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in any such registration
statement.

Required
Holders means Holders of a majority of the then outstanding Registrable Securities (for purposes of clarification, this
includes any securities issuable upon conversion or exercise of any Registrable Security).

Rule 144
means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule 415
means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule 424
means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

SEC
Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written or oral guidance of the Commission staff, or any comments, requirements
or requests of the Commission staff (whether or not publicly-available); provided, that any such oral guidance, comments, requirements
or requests are reduced to writing by the Commission (and shared with the Investors if not publicly-available) and (ii) the Securities
Act.

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Selling
Stockholder Questionnaire shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a).

Trading
Day means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on a National Exchange.

2. Shelf
Registration.

(a) On
or prior to each Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale of all
of the Registrable Securities that are not then registered on an effective Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous
basis pursuant to Rule 415. Each Registration Statement filed hereunder shall be on Form S-3 (except if the Company is not then
eligible to register for resale the Registrable Securities on Form S-3, in which case such registration shall be on another appropriate
form, including a Form S-1, in accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)),
and shall contain disclosure substantially in the form of the Plan of Distribution attached hereto as Annex
A and substantially in the form of the Selling Stockholder section attached hereto as Annex B.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause a Registration Statement filed
under this Agreement (including, without limitation, under Section 3(c)) to be declared
effective under the Securities Act as promptly as possible after the filing thereof, but in any event no later than the applicable Effectiveness
Date, and shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities
Act until the earlier of the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement (i) have been sold, thereunder
or pursuant to Rule 144, or (ii) may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 and without
the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144, as reasonably
determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Companys
transfer agent and the affected Holders (the Effectiveness Period). The Company shall telephonically request
effectiveness of a Registration Statement as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day. The Company shall notify the Holders
via e-mail of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement promptly following confirmation of effectiveness with the Commission. The
Company shall, in accordance with SEC Guidance, promptly file a final Prospectus with the Commission as required by Rule 424 by 9:00
a.m. on the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date each Registration Statement is declared effective.

3

(b) Notwithstanding
the registration obligations set forth in Section 2(a), if the Commission
informs the Company that all of the Registrable Securities cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415 or other SEC Guidance,
be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement, the Company agrees to promptly inform each of the
Holders thereof and use commercially reasonable efforts to file amendments to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission,
covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities permitted to be registered by the Commission, on Form S-3 or such other form
available to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering; with respect to filing on Form S-3 or other
appropriate form; provided, however, that prior to filing such amendment, the Company shall be obligated to use commercially
reasonable efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration of all of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the SEC
Guidance.

(c) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, if the Commission or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation on the number of Registrable Securities
permitted to be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering, including as a result of the application of
Rule 415 (and notwithstanding that the Company used commercially reasonable efforts to advocate with the Commission for the registration
of all or a greater portion of Registrable Securities), the total number of Registrable Securities to be registered on such Registration
Statement will be reduced as directed in writing by a Holder as to its Registrable Securities.

In the event of a cutback hereunder,
the Company shall give the Holder at least two (2) Trading Days prior written notice along with the calculations as to such Holders
allotment. In the event the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement in accordance with the foregoing, the Company will use its
commercially reasonable efforts to file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by the Commission or SEC Guidance provided to the
Company or to registrants of securities in general, one (1) or more registration statements on Form S-3 or such other form available
to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement, as amended.

(d) If
Form S-3 is not available for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Company shall, to the extent
there are any Registrable Securities then outstanding, (i) register the resale of the Registrable Securities on another appropriate
form, including a Form S-1, and (ii) undertake to register the Registrable Securities on Form S-3 within 30 calendar days
of such form becoming available, provided that the Company shall maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement then in effect
until such time as a Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the Registrable Securities has been declared effective by the Commission.

4

3. Registration
Procedures.

In connection with the Companys
registration obligations hereunder, the Company shall:

(a) Not
less than five (5) Trading Days prior to the filing of each Registration Statement and not less than one (1) Trading Day prior
to the filing of any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (including any document that would be incorporated or deemed
to be incorporated therein by reference), the Company shall (i) furnish to each Holder copies of all such documents proposed to be
filed, which documents (other than (i) an Annual Report on Form 10-K, (ii) a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, (iii) a
report on Form 8-K containing an earnings release or other information furnished under Items 2.02 or 7.01 of Form 8-K,
or (iv) those incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference) will be subject to the review of such Holders, and (ii) use
commercially reasonable efforts to cause its officers and directors, counsel and independent registered public accountants to respond
to such inquiries as shall be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of respective counsel to each Holder, to conduct a reasonable investigation
within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Company shall not file a Registration Statement or any such Prospectus or any amendments
or supplements thereto to which the Required Holders shall reasonably object in good faith, provided that, the Company is notified of
such objection in writing no later than three (3) Trading Days after the Holders have been so furnished copies of a Registration
Statement or one (1) Trading Day after the Holders have been so furnished copies of any related Prospectus or amendments or supplements
thereto. Each Holder agrees to furnish to the Company a completed questionnaire in the form attached to this Agreement as Annex C
or such other form as reasonably acceptable to the Company (a Selling Stockholder Questionnaire) on a date
that is not less than two (2) Trading Days prior to the Filing Date or by the end of the third (3rd) Trading Day following
the date on which such Holder receives draft materials in accordance with this Section 3. The Company shall not be required to include
any Registrable Securities in the Registration Statement for any Holder that has not provided such Selling Stockholder Questionnaire.

(b) (i) Prepare
and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, to a Registration Statement and the Prospectus used
in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep a Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable Securities
for the Effectiveness Period and prepare and file with the Commission such additional Registration Statements in order to register for
resale under the Securities Act all of the Registrable Securities, (ii) cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented
by any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424, (iii) respond as promptly as reasonably possible to any comments received from the Commission with respect to a
Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and provide as promptly as reasonably possible to the Holders true and complete copies
of all correspondence from and to the Commission relating to a Registration Statement (provided that, the Company shall excise any information
contained therein that would constitute material non-public information regarding the Company or any of its subsidiaries), and (iv) comply
in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act with respect to the disposition of
all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement during the applicable period in accordance (subject to the terms of this
Agreement) with the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in
such Prospectus as so supplemented.

(c) If,
during the Effectiveness Period, the number of Registrable Securities at any time exceeds 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock
then registered in a Registration Statement, then the Company shall, subject to Sections 2(b) and
2(c), if applicable, file as soon as reasonably practicable, an additional Registration
Statement covering the resale by the Holders of not less than the number of such Registrable Securities.

5

(d) Notify
the Holders of Registrable Securities to be sold (which notice shall, pursuant to clauses (iii) through (vi) hereof, be accompanied
by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes have been made) as promptly as reasonably possible
(and, in the case of (i)(A) below, not less than one (1) Trading Day prior to such filing) and (if requested by any such Person)
confirm such notice in writing no later than one (1) Trading Day following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus
supplement or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement is proposed to be filed, (B) when the Commission notifies the
Company whether there will be a review of such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in writing on
such Registration Statement, and (C) with respect to a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has
become effective, (ii) of any request by the Commission or any other federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements
to a Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information, (iii) of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal
or state governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the
Registrable Securities or the initiation of any Proceeding for that purpose, (iv) of the receipt by the Company of any notification
with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any
jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or brought by any Governmental
Entity (a Proceeding) for such purpose, (v) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time
that makes the financial statements included in a Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in a Registration
Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect
or that requires any revisions to a Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of a Registration Statement
or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading, and (vi) of the occurrence or existence of any pending corporate development with respect to the Company that the Company
believes would be material and that, in the determination of the Company, makes it not in the best interest of the Company to allow continued
availability of a Registration Statement or Prospectus; provided, however, that in no event shall any such notice contain
any information that would constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its subsidiaries or subject a Holder
to any duty of confidentiality.

(e) Use
its commercially reasonable efforts to avoid the issuance of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order stopping or suspending
the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any
of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, at the earliest practicable moment.

(f) If
requested by a Holder, furnish to each Holder, without charge, an electronic copy of the conformed copy of each such Registration Statement
and each amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein
by reference to the extent requested by such Person, and all exhibits to the extent requested by such Person (including those previously
furnished or incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents with the Commission, provided that any such item that
is available on the EDGAR system (or successor thereto) need not be furnished.

(g) Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, the Company hereby consents to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by
each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering and sale of the Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any
amendment or supplement thereto, except after the giving of any notice pursuant to Section 3(d).

(h) Prior
to any resale of Registrable Securities by a Holder, use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with
the selling Holders in connection with the registration or qualification (or exemption from the registration or qualification) of such
Registrable Securities for the resale by the Holder under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States
as any Holder reasonably requests in writing, to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the
Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of
the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration Statement, provided that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally
to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified, subject the Company to any material tax in any such jurisdiction
where it is not then so subject or file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.

6

(i) If
requested by a Holder, the Company shall, at its sole expense, promptly deliver to Holder certificates or book entry statements, as applicable,
representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to an effective Registration Statement, which certificates
shall be free of all restrictive legends (and have its counsel provide such opinions that such restrictive legends need not appear on
such certificates as may be reasonably requested), and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered
in the name of the transferee as such Holder may reasonably request. If requested by a Holder that is not then an affiliate of the Company
nor an affiliate in the preceding 90 days of such request, other than in connection with a transfer pursuant to an effective registration
statement, the Company shall, at its sole expense, promptly deliver to Holder certificates or book entry statements, as applicable, representing
Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee, which certificates shall be free of all restrictive legends, and to enable such
Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holder may reasonably request; provided that
Holder timely furnishes to Company customary representations and other documentation, if any, from the Holder as reasonably requested
by the Company, its counsel or the transfer agent, establishing the Holders status as a non-affiliate of the Company.

(j) Upon
the occurrence of any event contemplated by Section 3(d)(iii) through
(vi), as promptly as reasonably possible under the circumstances taking into account the Companys good faith determination of any
adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of the premature disclosure of such event, prepare a supplement or amendment,
including a post-effective amendment, to a Registration Statement or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, neither a Registration
Statement nor such Prospectus will contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. If the
Company notifies the Holders in accordance with clauses (iii) through (vi) of Section 3(d) above
to suspend the use of any Prospectus until the requisite changes to such Prospectus have been made (an Allowed Delay),
then the Holders shall suspend use of such Prospectus; provided that the Company shall only be entitled to exercise its right under
this Section 3(j) to suspend the availability of a Registration Statement and
Prospectus for up to two (2) occasions in any twelve (12)-month period for a period not to exceed thirty (30) consecutive days or
a total of sixty (60) calendar days, in each case in any such twelve (12)-month period; provided, further, that in no event
shall any such notice contain any information that would constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or subject a Holder to any duty of confidentiality. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that
the use of the Prospectus may be resumed as promptly as is reasonably practicable.

(k) Otherwise
use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission under the Securities Act
and the Exchange Act, including, without limitation, Rule 172 under the Securities Act, file any final Prospectus, including any
supplement or amendment thereof, with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, promptly inform the Holders in
writing if, at any time during the Effectiveness Period, the Company does not satisfy the conditions specified in Rule 172 and, as
a result thereof, the Holders are required to deliver a Prospectus in connection with any disposition of Registrable Securities and take
such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to facilitate the registration of the Registrable Securities hereunder.

(l) The
Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain eligibility for use of Form S-3 (or any successor form thereto)
for the registration of the resale of the Registrable Securities once eligible to use such form.

(m) The
Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company a certified statement as to the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by such Holder and, if required by the Commission, the natural persons thereof that have voting and dispositive control over the
shares.

(n) The
Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause all Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange or
market, if any, on which the shares of Parent common stock are listed.

(o) Neither
the Company nor any subsidiary or affiliate thereof shall identify any Holder as an underwriter in any Registration Statement; provided,
that if the Commission requires that a Holder be identified as a statutory underwriter in a Registration Statement, such Holder will have
the option, in its sole and absolute discretion, to either (i) withdraw from such Registration Statement upon its prompt written
request to the Company, in which case the Companys obligation to register such Holders Registrable Securities will be deemed
satisfied or (ii) be included as such in such Registration Statement; provided, further, that the foregoing shall not prohibit the
Company from including the disclosure found in the Plan of Distribution section attached hereto as Exhibit A in the
Registration Statement.

7

(p) Each
Holder may deliver written notice (an Opt-Out Notice) to the Company requesting that such Holder not receive
notices from the Company otherwise required by this Section 3; provided, however, that such Holder may later revoke
any such Opt-Out Notice in writing. Following receipt of an Opt-Out Notice from a Holder (unless subsequently revoked), (i) the Company
shall not deliver any notices pursuant to this Section 3 to such Holder and such Holder shall no longer be entitled to the rights
associated with any such notice and (ii) each time prior to such Holders intended use of an effective Registration Statement,
such Holder will notify the Company in writing at least two (2) Business Days in advance of such intended use, and if a notice of
an Allowed Delay was previously delivered (or would have been delivered but for the provisions of this Section 2.7) and the related
suspension period remains in effect, the Company will so notify such Investor, within one (1) Business Day of such Investors
notification to the Company, by delivering to such Investor a copy of such previous notice of an Allowed Delay, and thereafter will provide
such Investor with the related notice of the conclusion of such Allowed Delay immediately upon the conclusion thereof. (which notices
shall not contain any information that would constitute material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or subject a Holder to any duty of confidentiality).

4. Registration
Expenses. All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Agreement by the Company shall be borne by
the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to
in the foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation,
fees and expenses of the Companys counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made
with the Commission, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any National Exchange on which the Common Stock is then
listed for trading, and (C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in
writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or
exemptions of the Registrable Securities), (ii) printing expenses (including, without limitation, expenses of printing certificates
for Registrable Securities), (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the
Company, (v) Securities Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, and (vi) fees and expenses of all
other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including
the Companys transfer agent. In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of
its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred
in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall the Company
be responsible for any underwriting, broker or similar fees or commissions of any Holder or, except to the extent provided for herein,
any legal fees or other costs of the Holders.

5. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification
by the Company. The Company shall, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, indemnify and hold harmless each Holder and
its affiliates, the officers, directors, members, partners, agents, brokers (including brokers who offer and sell Registrable Securities
as principal as a result of a pledge or any failure to perform under a margin call of Common Stock), investment advisors and employees
(and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any
other title) of each of them, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or
Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other
Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title)
of each such controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable and documented attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses),
as incurred, arising out of or based solely upon (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration
Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising
out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading
or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, or
any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent,
but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished
in writing to the Company by such Holder expressly for use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such
Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities and was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder
expressly for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto (it being understood that the
Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose) or (ii) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified
in Section 3(d)(iii)-(v), the use by such Holder of an outdated, defective
or otherwise unavailable Prospectus after the Company has notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated, defective or
otherwise unavailable for use by such Holder and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated in Section 6(c).
The Company shall notify the Holders promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any Proceeding arising from or in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement of which the Company is aware. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect
regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of such indemnified person and shall survive the transfer of any Registrable Securities
by any of the Holders in accordance with Section 6(f).

8

(b) Indemnification
by Holders. Each Holder shall, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents
and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of
the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, from and against all Losses, as incurred, to the extent arising out of or based solely upon any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary
prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or supplement thereto, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made) not misleading to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or omission is contained in any information
so furnished in writing by such Holder to the Company expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement or such Prospectus, including
information provided in the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire or regarding the proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities
that was reviewed and expressly approved in writing by such Holder expressly for use in a Registration Statement (it being understood
that the Holder has approved Annex A hereto for this purpose), such Prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto. In no
event shall the liability of a selling Holder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by
such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5
and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue statement or omission) received
by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement giving rise to such indemnification
obligation.

(c) Conduct
of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder
(an Indemnified Party), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought
(the Indemnifying Party) in writing, and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense
thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all reasonable fees and
expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof, provided that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such notice shall not
relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent that it shall
be finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction (which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) that such
failure shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party.

An Indemnified Party
shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses
of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party or Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing
to pay such fees and expenses, (2) the Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and
to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding, or (3) the named parties to any such
Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and counsel to the Indemnified
Party shall reasonably believe that a material conflict of interest is likely to exist if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified
Party and the Indemnifying Party (in which case, if such Indemnified Party notifies the Indemnifying Party in writing that it elects to
employ separate counsel at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the defense
thereof and the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one separate counsel shall be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party).
Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5, the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any such Proceeding
effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. No Indemnifying Party shall, without
the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified
Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability on claims that
are the subject matter of such Proceeding.

9

Subject to the terms
of this Agreement, all reasonable and documented fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable and documented fees
and expenses to the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent
with this Section 5) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within ten (10) Trading Days of written notice thereof
to the Indemnifying Party, provided that the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such
fees and expenses applicable to such actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
(which determination is not subject to appeal or further review) not to be entitled to indemnification hereunder.

(d) Contribution.
If the indemnification under Section 5(a) or 5(b) is
unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party
shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative
fault of the Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted in such Losses
as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party and Indemnified Party shall be determined
by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by, such Indemnifying
Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent
such action, statement or omission; provided, however, that no Person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the
meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such
fraudulent misrepresentation. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include, subject to the
limitations set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection
with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for
in this Section 5 was available to such party in accordance with its terms.

The parties hereto
agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro
rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately
preceding paragraph. In no event shall the contribution obligation of a Holder of Registrable Securities be greater in amount than the
dollar amount of the proceeds (net of all expenses paid by such Holder in connection with any claim relating to this Section 5
and the amount of any damages such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission
or alleged omission) received by it upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such contribution obligation.

The indemnity and
contribution agreements contained in this Section 5(d) are in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties
may have to the Indemnified Parties.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) Remedies.
In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the
Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery
of damages, shall be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. Each of the Company and each Holder agrees that
monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions
of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall
not assert or shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

10

(b) No
Piggyback on Registrations; Prohibition on Filing Other Registration Statements. Neither the Company nor any of its security holders
(other than the Holders in such capacity pursuant hereto) may include securities of the Company in any Registration Statements other than
the Registrable Securities. The Company shall not file any other registration statements until all Registrable Securities are registered
pursuant to a Registration Statement that is declared effective by the Commission, provided that this Section 6(b) shall
not prohibit the Company from filing amendments to registration statements filed prior to the date of this Agreement so long as no new
securities are registered on any such existing registration statements, nor preparing and filing with the Commission a registration statements
on Form S-8 relating to its equity incentive plans.

(c) Discontinued
Disposition. By its acquisition of Registrable Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the
occurrence of any event of the kind described in Section 3(d)(iii) through
(v), such Holder will promptly discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement until it is advised
in writing (the Advice) by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have been supplemented
or amended) may be resumed. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the use of the Prospectus may be resumed
as promptly as is practicable.

(d) Amendments
and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented,
and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the
Company and the Required Holders, provided that, (i) if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts
a Holder (or group of Holders), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Holder (or group of Holders) shall be required, including
any amendment or modification of Section 5, and (ii) any amendment, modification or waiver of Section 5 shall require the
consent of each Holder affected by such amendment, modification or waiver. If a Registration Statement does not register all of the Registrable
Securities pursuant to a waiver or amendment done in compliance with the previous sentence, then the number of Registrable Securities
to be registered for each Holder shall be reduced pro rata among all Holders and each Holder shall have the right to designate which of
its Registrable Securities shall be omitted from such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or consent to depart
from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of a Holder or some Holders and that does not
directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may be given only by such Holder or Holders of all of the Registrable Securities
to which such waiver or consent relates; provided, however, that the provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified,
or supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 6(d).
No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Agreement
unless the same consideration also is offered to all of the parties to this Agreement.

(e) Notices.
All notices, requests, consents, and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed delivered (a) when
delivered, if delivered personally, (b) four (4) Business Days after being sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, (c) one (1) Business Day after being sent via a reputable nationwide overnight courier service guaranteeing
next Business Day delivery, or (d) when receipt is acknowledged, in the case of email, in each case to the intended recipient as
set forth below.

If to the Company:

Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

3 Sugar Creek Ctr. Blvd. Ste. 525

Sugar Land, TX 77478

Attention: Imran Alibhai, PhD

Email: []

11

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Cooley
LLP

10265 Science Center Dr

San Diego, CA 92121

Attention: Divakar Gupta

Email: dgupta@cooley.com

If to Parent:

Cara
Therapeutics, Inc.

400 Atlantic Street, Suite 500

Stamford, CT 06901

Attention: Christopher Posner

Email: []

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.

919 Third Avenue

New York, NY 10012 

Attention: Daniel A. Bagliebter

Email: dabagliebter@mintz.com

If
to an Investor, at the address for such notices and communications as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto or at such
other address as the Company or any Investor may specify by written notice to the other parties hereto in accordance with this Section 6(e).

(f) Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the
parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The Company may not assign (except by merger) its rights or obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of the Required Holders. A Holder may, without the prior consent of the Company, assign its rights and
obligations hereunder to any of its affiliates or to any other investment funds or accounts managed or advised by the investment manager
who acts on behalf of the Holder; provided, such assignee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.

(g) No
Inconsistent Agreements. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has entered, as of the date hereof, nor shall the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement with respect to its securities, that would
have the effect of impairing the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof. Neither
the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has previously entered into any agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any
of its securities to any Person that have not been satisfied in full.

(h) Execution
and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party,
it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission
or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf signature
page was an original thereof.

12

(i) Governing
Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the
internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether
of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the
State of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The
City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient
forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process
and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for
such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH
PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE
HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(j) Cumulative
Remedies. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.

(k) Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal,
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force
and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts
to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision,
covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(l) Headings.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of the Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or
affect any of the provisions hereof.

(m) Reports
Under the Exchange Act. With a view to making available to Investor the benefits of Rule 144, for so long as the Investor owns
Registrable Securities, the Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to:

(i) make and keep public information available, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144;

(ii) file with the Commission in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Company under
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements and the filing of such reports and
other documents is required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144; and

(iii) furnish to each Investor so long as such Investor owns Registrable Securities, promptly upon request,
(i) a written statement by the Company, if true, that it has complied with the reporting requirements of Rule 144, the Securities
Act and the Exchange Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and documents
so filed by the Company (unless such report or document is already publicly available), and (iii) such other information as may be
reasonably requested to permit the Investor to sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration.

(n) Independent
Nature of Holders Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Holder hereunder are several and not joint with the obligations
of any other Holder hereunder, and no Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Holder
hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any Holder
pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind
of group or entity, or create a presumption that the Holders are in any way acting in concert or as a group or entity with respect to
such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other matters, and the Company acknowledges that the Holders
are not acting in concert or as a group, and the Company shall not assert any such claim, with respect to such obligations or transactions.
Each Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement,
and it shall not be necessary for any other Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The use of
a single agreement with respect to the obligations of the Company contained was solely in the control of the Company, not the action or
decision of any Holder, and was done solely for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by
any Holder. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company and a Holder,
solely, and not between the Company and the Holders collectively and not between and among Holders.

********************

(Signature Pages Follow)

13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

By: /s/ Imran Alibhai

Name: Imran Alibhai

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Registration Rights
Agreement]

CARA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: /s/ Christopher Posner

Name: Christopher Posner

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

[SIGNATURE PAGE OF HOLDERS FOLLOWS]

[Signature Page to Registration Rights
Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

SHAHEEN WIRK

By: /s/ Shaheen Wirk

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

PALKON HOLDINGS, LLC

By: /s/ Shaheen Wirk

Name: Shaheen Wirk

Title: Managing Member

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

PALKON IT HOLDINGS, LLC

By: /s/ Shaheen Wirk

Name: Shaheen Wirk

Title: Managing Member

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

FIREPIT PARTNERS, LP

By: Whitehall Management LLC, its General Partner

By: /s/ Wallace Hall

Name: Wallace Hall

Title: President

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

BIOMATRIX PARTNERS LTD.

By: /s/ Houston Hall

Name: Houston Hall

Title: General Partner

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

DAVID J. TWEARDY

By: /s/ David J. Tweardy

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

BENJAMIN JOHN TWEARDY 2020 GIFT TRUST

By: /s/ Samuel D. Tweardy

Name: Samuel D. Tweardy

Title: Trustee

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

DANIEL JAMES TWEARDY 2020 GIFT TRUST

By: /s/ Samuel D. Tweardy

Name: Samuel D. Tweardy

Title: Trustee

[Signature
Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

SAMUEL DAVID TWEARDY 2020 GIFT TRUST

By: /s/ Samuel D. Tweardy

Name: Samuel D. Tweardy

Title: Trustee

[Signature Page to Registration Rights
Agreement]

Annex A

Plan of Distribution

Each Selling Stockholder (the
Selling Stockholders) of the securities may, from time to time, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any
or all of their securities covered hereby on the principal trading market or any other stock exchange, market or trading facility on which
the securities are traded or in private transactions. The term Selling Stockholders includes their permitted transferees
who later come to hold any of the Selling Stockholders interest in the Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the agreement(s) governing
the registration rights applicable to such Selling Stockholders shares of Common Stock, including donees, assignees, pledgees,
distributees and other transferees or successors in interest selling securities received after the date of this prospectus from a Selling
Stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership, distribution or other transfer. The Selling Stockholders will act independently of us in making
decisions with respect to the timing, manner and size of each sale. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. A Selling Stockholder
may use any one or more of the following methods when selling securities:

ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers;

block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position and resell a portion of the
block as principal to facilitate the transaction;

purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account;

an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange;

privately negotiated transactions;

settlement of short sales;

in transactions through broker-dealers that agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such securities at a
stipulated price per security;

through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise;

in a distribution to members, partners, stockholders or other equityholders of the Selling Stockholders;

a combination of any such methods of sale or distribution; or

any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.

The Selling Stockholders may
also sell securities under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act), if available, rather than under this prospectus.

In addition, the Selling Stockholders
may elect to make an in-kind distribution of securities to its members, partners or stockholders pursuant to the Registration Statement
of which this prospectus is a part by delivering a prospectus with a plan of distribution. To the extent a distributee is an affiliate
of ours (or to the extent otherwise required by law), we may file a prospectus supplement in order to permit the distributees to use the
prospectus to resell the securities acquired in the distribution. Broker-dealers engaged by the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other
brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any
broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities, from the purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth
in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance
with FINRA Rule 2121; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or markdown in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121.

Annex A-1

In connection with the sale
of the securities or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial
institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling
Stockholders may also sell securities short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the securities
to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option or other transactions with
broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities that require the delivery to such broker-dealer
or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer or other financial institution
may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). The Selling Stockholders also may transfer
the securities in other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees, donees or other successors in interest will be the selling
beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus.

The Selling Stockholders and
any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning
of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any
profit on the resale of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities
Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed us that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly,
with any person to distribute the securities.

We are required to pay certain
fees and expenses incurred by us incident to the registration of the securities. We have agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholders
against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.

We agreed to keep this prospectus
effective until the earlier of the date that the securities (i) have been sold, pursuant to this prospectus or pursuant to Rule 144
or (ii) the date on which the securities may be resold by the Selling Stockholders without registration and without regard to any
volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, and without the requirement for us to be in compliance with the current
public information under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. The resale securities will be
sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable state securities laws. In addition, in certain
states, the resale securities covered hereby may not be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale in the applicable
state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is complied with.

Under applicable rules and
regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously engage in market
making activities with respect to the common stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement
of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the common stock by the Selling Stockholders
or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders and have informed them of the need to
deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including by compliance with Rule 172 under
the Securities Act).

Annex A-2

Annex B

SELLING STOCKHOLDERS

For additional information
regarding the issuances of those shares of common stock being registered for resale in this registration statement, see Registration
Rights Agreement and [Business Combination of Tvardi and Cara] above. We are registering the shares of common stock
in order to permit the selling stockholders to offer the shares for resale from time to time.

The table below lists the
selling stockholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of common stock by each of the selling stockholders.
The second column lists the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each selling stockholder, based on its ownership of
the shares of common stock, as of ________, 2025.

The third column lists the
shares of common stock being offered by this prospectus by the selling stockholders.

The fourth column reflects
the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by each selling stockholder, assuming the sale of all of the shares offered by
the selling stockholders pursuant to this prospectus.

The selling stockholders may
sell all, some or none of their shares in this offering. See Plan of Distribution.

Name of Selling Stockholder Number of shares

of Common Stock

Owned Prior to

Offering Maximum Number

of shares of

Common Stock to

be Sold Pursuant to

this Prospectus Number of shares

of Common Stock

Owned After

Offering

Annex B-1

Annex C

Selling Stockholder Notice and Questionnaire

The undersigned owner of Registrable
Securities (as such term is defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) of Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Commission) a Registration Statement for the registration and resale under Rule 415 of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms
of the Registration Rights Agreement dated as of April 15, 2025 to which the Company and the undersigned are parties (the Registration
Rights Agreement). A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement is available from the Company upon request at the address
set forth below. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights
Agreement.

Certain legal consequences
arise from being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. Accordingly, holders and beneficial
owners of Registrable Securities are advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the consequences of being named or
not being named as a selling stockholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.

NOTICE

The undersigned beneficial
owner (the Selling Stockholder) of Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities
owned by it in the Registration Statement.

The undersigned hereby provides
the following information to the Company and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:

QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Name.

(a) Full Legal Name of Selling Stockholder

(b) Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) through which Registrable Securities
are held:

(c) Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural person who directly or indirectly alone
or with others has power to vote or dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):

2. Address
for Notices to Selling Stockholder:

Telephone: 

Email: 

Contact Person: 

Annex C-1

3. Broker-Dealer
Status:

(a) Are you a broker-dealer?

Yes
No 

(b) If yes to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities as compensation
for investment banking services to the Company?

Yes
No 

Note: If no to Section 3(b), the Commissions staff has indicated that you
should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

(c) Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?

Yes
No 

(d) If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you purchased the Registrable Securities
in the ordinary course of business, and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, you had no agreements
or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the Registrable Securities?

Yes
No 

Note: If no to Section 3(d), the Commissions staff has indicated that you
should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.

4. Ownership
of Securities of the Company Owned by the Selling Stockholder.

Except as set forth below in this
Item 4, the undersigned is not the beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company.

(a) Type and Amount of other Company securities owned by the Selling Stockholder (including beneficially owned,
as applicable):

5. Relationships
with the Company:

Except as set forth below, neither
the undersigned nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5% of more of the equity securities
of the undersigned) has held any position or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or its predecessors or
affiliates) during the past three years.

State any exceptions here:

Annex C-2

The undersigned agrees to
promptly notify the Company of any material inaccuracies or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to the
date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains effective; provided, that the undersigned shall not be required
to notify the Company of any changes to the number of securities held or owned by the undersigned or its affiliates.

By signing below, the undersigned
consents to the disclosure of the information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the inclusion of such information
in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned understands that such
information will be relied upon by the Company in connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement and the related
prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned,
by authority duly given, has caused this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person or by its duly authorized
agent.

Date: Beneficial Owner: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PLEASE EMAIL A .PDF COPY OF THE COMPLETED AND
EXECUTED NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE TO:

[]

Attention: []

Email: []

Annex C-3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex10-10.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.10
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.10

October 23, 2023

Stephen OBrien

Via e-mail

Dear Stephen,

I am excited to confirm your
promotion to Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller of Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) as we continue
to develop breakthrough medicines for cancer, chronic inflammation, and fibrosis. In this letter, I would like to set forth the terms
and conditions of your employment relationship with the Company.

Title
and Location. Your full-time position will be Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller working at our corporate offices
in Houston, TX. Your employment with the Company shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this letter and your previously provided
Invention and Non-Disclosure Agreement. Your promotion will commence on October 23, 2023. You will continue to report to Dan Conn
or such other person as designated by the Chief Executive Officer of Tvardi.

Compensation.
As an exempt employee, you will initially receive an annual base salary of $240,000 for this role, which will be paid in accordance with
the Companys normal payroll procedures and are subject to the usual required deductions and tax withholdings.

Bonus
Program. In addition to your salary, you will be eligible to participate in the Companys incentive bonus program. The
annual target bonus for your position is 20% of your annual base salary, and any award would be based upon both the Companys achievement,
in the discretion of the Company, of its performance goals, determined by the Companys Board of Directors (the Board)
and/or the CEO, and your individual performance as determined by your supervisor. You will continue to be eligible to participate in the
Companys Bonus Plan. The actual award, if any, will be subject to the usual required deductions and tax withholdings. In order
to be eligible to receive the bonus payment, you must be employed by the Company at the time of payment of the bonus.

Benefit
Plans. At this time, the Company utilizes Insperity, a Professional Employer Organization (the PEO), which serves
in a co-employer relationship for payroll processing and benefit programs. As an employee, you will be eligible to participate in the
employee benefit plans currently and hereafter maintained by Insperity of general applicability that is provided to other employees of
the Company. Where a particular benefit is subject to a formal plan (for example, medical or life insurance), eligibility to participate
in and receive any particular benefit from the plan is governed solely by the applicable plan document.

Paid
Time Off. You will be entitled to paid time off benefits in accordance with the Companys Paid Time Off (PTO)
policy. Currently, the Company offers full-time employees 15 days of accrued PTO annually for your first year of service, and then increases
to 20 days of accrued PTO annually for consecutive years of service. The Company may change this policy from time to time in its sole
discretion. Based on your years of service, you are currently entitled to 20 days of accrued PTO annually.

Equity
Awards. At year end, it will be recommended that you be granted additional stock options under the Companys 2018 Stock
Incentive Plan, subject to the approval of the Companys Board of Directors or its Compensation Committee, to purchase shares of
the Companys Common Stock (the Option). If approved and provided that you remain in continuous service to the Company
on each date, 25% of the Option shares shall vest and become exercisable on the one-year anniversary of your promotion commencement date
and an additional 1/48th of the Option shares shall vest and become exercisable on a monthly basis thereafter over the following 36 months,
as described in the applicable Plan and your Option grant documents.

At-will
Employment and Separation. We are excited to have you as a continuing member of the Company and look forward to a beneficial
and productive relationship. Nevertheless, you should be aware that your employment with the Company is for no specified period and constitutes
an at-will employment. As a result, you are free to resign at any time, for any reason or for no reason. Similarly, the Company is free
to conclude its employment relationship with you at any time, with or without cause and with or without notice. No provision of this offer
letter shall be construed to create an express or implied employment contract, or a promise of employment for any specific period of time.

If at any time you decide
to leave the Company, we require that you provide at least two-weeks notice. This will give the Company an opportunity to make
the necessary adjustment to our business operations and transition work assignments accordingly. The Company retains the right to accept
your resignation immediately and pay out the amount of compensation you would have earned in place of any further performance. Conversely,
if the Company terminates your employment without cause, the Company will provide you with two weeks notice, provided, however,
that the Company retains the right to pay out the amount of compensation you would have earned in place of any further performance in
the event that you are terminated without cause. This paragraph does not alter the at-will language in the preceding
paragraph.

Company
Policies. As an employee of the Company, you will be expected to continue to abide by the Companys rules and policies
and acknowledge in writing that you have read and will comply with the Companys Employee Handbook. Consequently, as a condition
of your employment, you are also required to sign and fully comply with the Invention and Non-Disclosure Agreement.

Conflicting
Outside Employment. While employed by the Company, you may not work as an employee or consultant of any other organization
or engage in any other activities which conflict or interfere with your employment obligations to the Company, including working for a
competitive organization, or undertaking any activities that could create a conflict of interest.

Invention
and Non-Disclosure Agreement. As a condition of your employment, you are also required to sign and comply with the Companys
standard Assignment of Inventions and Non-Disclosure Agreement that, among other things, requires the assignment to the Company of the
intellectual property rights to any invention made during your employment at the Company, and prohibits you from disclosing confidential
or proprietary information of the Company.

Offer
Acceptance. This offer of employment will expire on October 27, 2023, unless accepted by you in writing prior to such
date. If you accept this offer, please sign below to indicate your acceptance and return this document to your supervisor.

Governing
Law. This offer and the terms and conditions of your employment shall be interpreted under and governed by the laws of the
State of Texas and shall create a binding and enforceable legal obligation under Texas law.

2

We look forward to many more
years with you as an integral team member in our effort to develop breakthrough medicines for cancer, chronic inflammation, and fibrosis.

Sincerely, 

/s/ Imran Alibhai 

Imran Alibhai, PhD 

Chief Executive Officer 

Enclosures: Invention and Non-Disclosure Agreement

ACCEPTANCE OF EMPLOYMENT OFFER

I have read, understand, and accept employment
on the terms and conditions outlined in this offer letter. I am not relying on any representation made to me by anyone other than as set
forth above. I also acknowledge and understand the at-will provision, in that it may not be modified or amended except by
written agreement signed by me or an authorized representative of the Company.

Signature

/s/ Stephen OBrien 

Printed Name: Stephen OBrien 

Date: October 24, 2023 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex10-14.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.14
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.14

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc.

2025
Equity Incentive Plan

Adopted
by the Board of Directors: February 6, 2025

Approved by the Stockholders: April 1, 2025

1. General.

(a) Plan
Purpose. The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to secure and retain the services of Employees, Directors and Consultants, to provide
incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and to provide a means by which
such persons may be given an opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of Awards.

(b) Available
Awards. The Plan provides for the grant of the following Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options; (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options;
(iii) SARs; (iv) Restricted Stock Awards; (v) RSU Awards; (vi) Performance Awards; and (vii) Other Awards.

(c) Adoption
Date; Effective Date. The Plan will come into existence on the Adoption Date, but no Award may be granted prior to the Effective
Date.

2. Shares
Subject to the Plan.

(a) Share
Reserve. Subject to adjustment in accordance with Section 2(c) and any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization
Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards will not exceed 935,554 shares (the
Initial Share Reserve). In addition, subject to any adjustments as necessary to implement any Capitalization
Adjustments, such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock may be increased at the Boards discretion (and without any further
action by the Companys stockholders) on January 1 of each year for a period of five years commencing on January 1, 2026
and ending on (and including) January 1, 2030, in an amount not to exceed five percent (5%) of the total number of shares of Fully
Diluted Common Stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding year; provided, however, that the Board must act prior to
January 1st of a given year to provide that the increase for such year will occur and to determine the applicable number
of additional shares of Common Stock. In the absence of Board action, no such increase will automatically occur.

(b) Aggregate
Incentive Stock Option Limit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2(a) and subject to any adjustments as
necessary to implement any Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant
to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options is three (3) multiplied by the Initial Share Reserve.

(c) Share
Reserve Operation.

(i) Limit
Applies to Common Stock Issued Pursuant to Awards. For clarity, the Share Reserve is a limit on the number of shares of Common Stock
that may be issued pursuant to Awards and does not limit the granting of Awards, except that the Company will keep available at all times
the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy its obligations to issue shares pursuant to such Awards. Shares may
be issued in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by, as applicable, Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c), NYSE Listed Company
Manual Section 303A.08, NYSE American Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not reduce
the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan.

1

(ii) Actions
that Do Not Constitute Issuance of Common Stock and Do Not Reduce Share Reserve. The following actions do not result in an issuance
of shares under the Plan and accordingly do not reduce the number of shares subject to the Share Reserve and available for issuance under
the Plan: (1) the expiration or termination of any portion of an Award without the shares covered by such portion of the Award having
been issued; (2) the settlement of any portion of an Award in cash (i.e., the Participant receives cash rather than Common
Stock); (3) the withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued by the Company to satisfy the exercise, strike or purchase
price of an Award; or (4) the withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued by the Company to satisfy a tax withholding obligation
in connection with an Award.

(iii) Reversion
of Previously Issued Shares of Common Stock to Share Reserve. The following shares of Common Stock previously issued pursuant to an
Award and accordingly initially deducted from the Share Reserve will be added back to the Share Reserve and again become available for
issuance under the Plan: (1) any shares that are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of a failure to meet a contingency
or condition required for the vesting of such shares; (2) any shares that are reacquired by the Company to satisfy the exercise,
strike or purchase price of an Award; and (3) any shares that are reacquired by the Company to satisfy a tax withholding obligation
in connection with an Award.

3. Eligibility
and Limitations.

(a) Eligible
Award Recipients. Subject to the terms of the Plan, Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Awards.

(b) Specific
Award Limitations.

(i) Limitations
on Incentive Stock Option Recipients. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees of the Company or a parent corporation
or subsidiary corporation thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code).

(ii) Incentive
Stock Option $100,000 Limitation. To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common
Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under
all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds $100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply
with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order
in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding
any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement(s).

2

(iii) Limitations
on Incentive Stock Options Granted to Ten Percent Stockholders. A Ten Percent Stockholder may not be granted an Incentive Stock Option
unless (1) the exercise price of such Option is at least 110% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Option, and
(2) the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant of such Option.

(iv) Limitations
on Nonstatutory Stock Options and SARs. Nonstatutory Stock Options and SARs may not be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants
who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company (as such term is defined in Rule 405) unless
the stock underlying such Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A because the Awards are granted
pursuant to a corporate transaction (such as a spin off transaction) or unless such Awards otherwise comply with the distribution requirements
of Section 409A.

(c) Aggregate
Incentive Stock Option Limit. The aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise
of Incentive Stock Options is the number of shares specified in Section 2(b).

(d) Non-Employee
Director Compensation Limit. The aggregate value of all compensation granted or paid, as applicable, to any individual for service
as a Non-Employee Director with respect to any period commencing on the date of the Companys
Annual Meeting of Stockholders for a particular year and ending on the day immediately prior to the date of the Companys Annual
Meeting of Stockholders for the next subsequent year (the Annual Period), including Awards granted
and cash fees paid by the Company to such Non-Employee Director, will not exceed (i) $750,000
in total value or (ii) in the event such Non-Employee Director is first appointed or elected to the Board during such Annual Period,
$1,000,000 in total value, in each case, calculating the value of any equity awards based
on the grant date fair value of such equity awards for financial reporting purposes. The limitations in this Section 3(d) shall
apply commencing with the Annual Period that begins on the Companys first Annual Meeting of Stockholders following the Effective
Date. For avoidance of doubt, compensation will count towards this limit for the Annual Period year in which it was granted or earned,
and not later when distributed, in the event it is deferred.

4. Options
and Stock Appreciation Rights.

Each Option and SAR will have
such terms and conditions as determined by the Board. Each Option will be designated in writing as an Incentive Stock Option or Nonstatutory
Stock Option at the time of grant; provided, however, that if an Option is not so designated or if an Option designated as an Incentive
Stock Option fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, then such Option will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option, and the shares purchased
upon exercise of each type of Option will be separately accounted for. Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents.
The terms and conditions of separate Options and SARs need not be identical; provided, however, that each Option Agreement and SAR Agreement
will conform (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the Award Agreement or otherwise) to the substance of each of
the following provisions:

3

(a) Term.
Subject to Section 3(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten
years from the date of grant of such Award or such shorter period specified in the Award Agreement.

(b) Exercise
or Strike Price. Subject to Section 3(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option
or SAR will not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option
or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of such Award if
such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate
Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Sections 409A and, if applicable, 424(a) of the Code.

(c) Exercise
Procedure and Payment of Exercise Price for Options. In order to exercise an Option, the Participant must provide notice of exercise
to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the procedures specified in the Option Agreement or otherwise provided by the Company. The
Board has the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability
to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to utilize a particular method of payment. The exercise
price of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and as determined by the Board, by one or more of the following
methods of payment to the extent set forth in the Option Agreement:

(i) by
cash or check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company;

(ii) pursuant
to a cashless exercise program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to
the issuance of the Common Stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt
of irrevocable instructions to pay the exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds;

(iii) by
delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock that are already owned by the Participant
free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, with a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not
exceed the exercise price, provided that (1) at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, (2) any remaining
balance of the exercise price not satisfied by such delivery is paid by the Participant in cash or other permitted form of payment, (3) such
delivery would not violate any Applicable Law or agreement restricting the redemption of the Common Stock, (4) any certificated
shares are endorsed or accompanied by an executed assignment separate from certificate, and (5) such shares have been held by the
Participant for any minimum period necessary to avoid adverse accounting treatment as a result of such delivery;

(iv) if
the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value on the date of
exercise that does not exceed the exercise price, provided that (1) such shares used to pay the exercise price will not be exercisable
thereafter, and (2) any remaining balance of the exercise price not satisfied by such net exercise is paid by the Participant in
cash or other permitted form of payment; or

4

(v) in
any other form of consideration that may be acceptable to the Board and permissible under Applicable Law.

(d) Exercise
Procedure and Payment of Appreciation Distribution for SARs. In order to exercise any SAR, the Participant must provide notice of
exercise to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the SAR Agreement. The appreciation distribution payable to a Participant upon the
exercise of a SAR will not be greater than an amount equal to the excess of (i) the aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of exercise
of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents that are vested and being exercised under such SAR,
over (ii) the strike price of such SAR. Such appreciation distribution may be paid to the Participant in the form of Common Stock
or cash (or any combination of Common Stock and cash) or in any other form of payment, as determined by the Board and specified in the
SAR Agreement.

(e) Transferability.
Options and SARs may not be transferred to third party financial institutions for value. The Board may impose such additional limitations
on the transferability of an Option or SAR as it determines. In the absence of any such determination by the Board, the following restrictions
on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply, provided that except as explicitly provided herein, neither an Option nor a SAR
may be transferred for consideration and provided, further, that if an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be
deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer:

(i) Restrictions
on Transfer. An Option or SAR will not be transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and will be exercisable
during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant; provided, however, that the Board may permit transfer of an Option or
SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws upon the Participants request, including to a trust
if the Participant is considered to be the sole beneficial owner of such trust (as determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable
U.S. state law) while such Option or SAR is held in such trust, provided that the Participant and the trustee enter into a transfer and
other agreements required by the Company.

(ii) Domestic
Relations Orders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the execution of transfer documentation in a format acceptable to the
Company and subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to a domestic
relations order.

(f) Vesting.
The Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting and/or exercisability of an Option or SAR as determined by the
Board. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate,
vesting of Options and SARs will cease upon termination of the Participants Continuous Service.

(g) Termination
of Continuous Service for Cause. Except as explicitly otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between
a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participants Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Participants
Options and SARs will terminate and be forfeited immediately upon such termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be
prohibited from exercising any portion (including any vested portion) of such Awards on and after the date of such termination of Continuous
Service and the Participant will have no further right, title or interest in such forfeited Award, the shares of Common Stock subject
to the forfeited Award, or any consideration in respect of the forfeited Award.

5

(h) Post-Termination
Exercise Period Following Termination of Continuous Service for Reasons Other than Cause. Subject to Section 4(i), if a Participants
Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than for Cause, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR to the extent
vested, but only within the following period of time or, if applicable, such other period of time provided in the Award Agreement or other
written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate; provided, however, that in no event may such Award be exercised
after the expiration of its maximum term (as set forth in Section 4(a)):

(i) three
months following the date of such termination if such termination is a termination without Cause (other than any termination due to the
Participants Disability or death);

(ii) 12
months following the date of such termination if such termination is due to the Participants Disability;

(iii) 18
months following the date of such termination if such termination is due to the Participants death; or

(iv) 18
months following the date of the Participants death if such death occurs following the date of such termination but during the
period such Award is otherwise exercisable (as provided in (i) or (ii) above).

Following the date of such termination, to the
extent the Participant does not exercise such Award within the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period (or, if earlier, prior to the
expiration of the maximum term of such Award), such unexercised portion of the Award will terminate, and the Participant will have no
further right, title or interest in the terminated Award, the shares of Common Stock subject to the terminated Award, or any consideration
in respect of the terminated Award.

(i) Restrictions
on Exercise; Extension of Exercisability. A Participant may not exercise an Option or SAR at any time that the issuance of
shares of Common Stock upon such exercise would violate Applicable Law. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written
agreement between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate, if a Participants Continuous Service terminates for any reason
other than for Cause and, at any time during the last thirty days of the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period: (i) the exercise
of the Participants Option or SAR would be prohibited solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon such exercise
would violate Applicable Law, or (ii) the immediate sale of any shares of Common Stock issued upon such exercise would violate the
Companys Trading Policy, then the applicable Post-Termination Exercise Period will be extended to the last day of the calendar
month that commences following the date the Award would otherwise expire, with an additional extension of the exercise period to the last
day of the next calendar month to apply if any of the foregoing restrictions apply at any time during such extended exercise period, generally
without limitation as to the maximum permitted number of extensions; provided, however, that in no event may such Award be exercised after
the expiration of its maximum term (as set forth in Section 4(a)).

6

(j) Non-Exempt
Employees. No Option or SAR, whether or not vested, granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor
Standards Act of 1938, as amended, will be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months following the date
of grant of such Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in accordance with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, any vested
portion of such Award may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant of such Award in the event of (i) such
Participants death or Disability, (ii) a Corporate Transaction in which such Award is not assumed, continued or substituted,
(iii) a Change in Control, or (iv) such Participants retirement (as such term may be defined in the Award Agreement or
another applicable agreement or, in the absence of any such definition, in accordance with the Companys then current employment
policies and guidelines). This Section 4(j) is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection
with the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay.

(k) Whole
Shares. Options and SARs may be exercised only with respect to whole shares of Common Stock or their equivalents.

5. Awards
Other Than Options and Stock Appreciation Rights.

(a) Restricted
Stock Awards and RSU Awards. Each Restricted Stock Award and RSU Award will have such terms and conditions as determined by the Board;
provided, however, that each Restricted Stock Award Agreement and RSU Award Agreement will conform (through incorporation of the provisions
hereof by reference in the Award Agreement or otherwise) to the substance of each of the following provisions:

(i) Form of
Award.

(1) Restricted
Stock Awards: To the extent consistent with the Companys Bylaws, at the Boards election, shares of Common Stock subject
to a Restricted Stock Award may be (A) held in book entry form subject to the Companys instructions until such shares become
vested or any other restrictions lapse, or (B) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner
as determined by the Board. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, a Participant will have voting and other rights as a stockholder
of the Company with respect to any shares subject to a Restricted Stock Award.

(2) RSU
Awards: An RSU Award represents a Participants right to be issued on a future date the number of shares of Common Stock that is
equal to the number of restricted stock units subject to the RSU Award. As a holder of an RSU Award, a Participant is an unsecured creditor
of the Company with respect to the Companys unfunded obligation, if any, to issue shares of Common Stock in settlement of such
Award and nothing contained in the Plan or any RSU Award Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, will create or be
construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate or any other
person. A Participant will not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any RSU Award (unless and
until shares are actually issued in settlement of a vested RSU Award).

7

(ii) Consideration.

(1) Restricted
Stock Awards: A Restricted Stock Award may be granted in consideration for (A) cash or check, bank draft or money order payable to
the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of consideration (including future
services) as the Board may determine and permissible under Applicable Law.

(2) RSU
Awards: Unless otherwise determined by the Board at the time of grant, an RSU Award will be granted in consideration for the Participants
services to the Company or an Affiliate, such that the Participant will not be required to make any payment to the Company (other than
such services) with respect to the grant or vesting of the RSU Award, or the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the RSU
Award. If, at the time of grant, the Board determines that any consideration must be paid by the Participant (in a form other than the
Participants services to the Company or an Affiliate) upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock in settlement of the RSU
Award, such consideration may be paid in any form of consideration as the Board may determine and permissible under Applicable Law.

(iii) Vesting.
The Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of a Restricted Stock Award or RSU Award as determined by
the Board. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the Company or an
Affiliate, vesting of Restricted Stock Awards and RSU Awards will cease upon termination of the Participants Continuous Service.

(iv) Termination
of Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or other written agreement between a Participant and the
Company or an Affiliate, if a Participants Continuous Service terminates for any reason, (1) the Company may receive through
a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant under his or her Restricted
Stock Award that have not vested as of the date of such termination as set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, and (2) any
portion of his or her RSU Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon such termination and the Participant will have no further
right, title or interest in the RSU Award, the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the RSU Award, or any consideration in respect
of the RSU Award.

(v) Dividends
and Dividend Equivalents. Dividends or dividend equivalents may be paid or credited, as applicable, with respect to any shares of
Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Award or RSU Award, as determined by the Board and specified in the Award Agreement.

(vi) Settlement
of RSU Awards. An RSU Award may be settled by the issuance of shares of Common Stock or cash (or any combination thereof) or in any
other form of payment, as determined by the Board and specified in the RSU Award Agreement. At the time of grant, the Board may determine
to impose such restrictions or conditions that delay such delivery to a date following the vesting of the RSU Award.

8

(b) Performance
Awards. With respect to any Performance Award, the length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the
Performance Period, the other terms and conditions of such Award, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals
have been attained will be determined by the Board.

(c) Other
Awards. Other forms of Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including the appreciation
in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100% of the Fair Market Value at the
time of grant), may be granted either alone or in addition to Awards provided for under Section 4 and the preceding provisions of
this Section 5. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board will have sole and complete discretion to determine the persons
to whom and the time or times at which such Other Awards will be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent
thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Awards.

6. Adjustments
upon Changes in Common Stock; Other Corporate Events.

(a) Capitalization
Adjustments. In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board shall appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es)
and maximum number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan and the maximum number of shares by which the Share Reserve may annually
increase pursuant to Section 2(a); (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise
of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 2(b); and (iii) the class(es) and number of securities and exercise price, strike
price or purchase price of Common Stock subject to outstanding Awards. The Board shall make such adjustments, and its determination shall
be final, binding and conclusive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Common Stock
shall be created in order to implement any Capitalization Adjustment. The Board shall determine an appropriate equivalent benefit, if
any, for any fractional shares or rights to fractional shares that might be created by the adjustments referred to in the preceding provisions
of this Section.

(b) Dissolution
or Liquidation. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company,
all outstanding Awards (other than Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition
or the Companys right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and
the shares of Common Stock subject to the Companys repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or
reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Award is providing Continuous Service, provided, however, that
the Board may determine to cause some or all Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture
(to the extent such Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent
on its completion.

(c) Corporate
Transaction. The following provisions will apply to Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction, unless otherwise provided in the
instrument evidencing the Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise
expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of an Award.

9

(i) Awards
May Be Assumed. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving
or acquiring corporations parent company) may assume or continue any or all Awards outstanding under the Plan or may substitute
similar awards for Awards outstanding under the Plan (including but not limited to, awards to acquire the same consideration paid to the
stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction), and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in
respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to Awards may be assigned by the Company to the successor of the Company (or the successors
parent company, if any), in connection with such Corporate Transaction. A surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or its parent)
may choose to assume or continue only a portion of an Award or substitute a similar award for only a portion of an Award, or may choose
to assume, continue or substitute the Awards held by some, but not all Participants. The terms of any assumption, continuation or substitution
will be set by the Board.

(ii) Awards
Held by Current Participants. In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation
(or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding Awards,
then with respect to Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by Participants whose Continuous Service
has not terminated prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction (referred to as the Current Participants),
the vesting of such Awards (and, with respect to Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, the time when such Awards may be exercised) will
be accelerated in full to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction (contingent upon the effectiveness of the
Corporate Transaction) as the Board determines (or, if the Board does not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior
to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction), and such Awards will terminate if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the
effective time of the Corporate Transaction, and any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such Awards
will lapse (contingent upon the effectiveness of the Corporate Transaction). With respect to the vesting of Performance Awards that will
accelerate upon the occurrence of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (ii) and that have multiple vesting levels
depending on the level of performance, unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, the vesting of such Performance Awards will
accelerate at 100% of the target level upon the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction in which the Awards are not assumed, continued
or substituted in accordance with Section 6(c)(i). With respect to the vesting of Awards that will accelerate upon the occurrence
of a Corporate Transaction pursuant to this subsection (ii) and are settled in the form of a cash payment, such cash payment will
be made no later than 30 days following the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction or such later date as required to comply with Section 409A
of the Code.

(iii) Awards
Held by Persons other than Current Participants. In the event of a Corporate Transaction in which the surviving corporation or acquiring
corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such outstanding Awards or substitute similar awards for such outstanding
Awards, then with respect to Awards that have not been assumed, continued or substituted and that are held by persons other than Current
Participants, such Awards will terminate if not exercised (if applicable) prior to the occurrence of the Corporate Transaction; provided,
however, that any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to such Awards will not terminate and may continue
to be exercised notwithstanding the Corporate Transaction.

10

(iv) Payment
for Awards in Lieu of Exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event an Award will terminate if not exercised prior to the
effective time of a Corporate Transaction, the Board may provide, in its sole discretion, that the holder of such Award may not exercise
such Award but will receive a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board, equal in value, at the effective time, to the excess,
if any, of (1) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Award (including, at the discretion
of the Board, any unvested portion of such Award), over (2) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the exercise price to be payable by a holder with respect to an Option or SAR exceeds the value of the
property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Award (including, at the discretion of the Board, any unvested portion
of such Award), such Option or SAR may be cancelled without any consideration.

(d) Appointment
of Stockholder Representative. As a condition to the receipt of an Award under this Plan, a Participant will be deemed to have agreed
that the Award will be subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company, including, without
limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on the Participants behalf
with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration.

(e) No
Restriction on Right to Undertake Transactions. The grant of any Award under the Plan and the issuance of shares pursuant to any Award
does not affect or restrict in any way the right or power of the Company or the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment,
recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Companys capital structure or its business, any merger or consolidation
of the Company, any issue of stock or of options, rights or options to purchase stock or of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference
stocks whose rights are superior to or affect the Common Stock or the rights thereof or which are convertible into or exchangeable for
Common Stock, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business,
or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise.

7. Administration.

(a) Administration
by Board. The Board will administer the Plan unless and until the Board delegates administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees,
as provided in subsection (c) below.

(b) Powers
of Board. The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan:

(i) To
determine from time to time (1) which of the persons eligible under the Plan will be granted Awards; (2) when and how each Award
will be granted; (3) what type or combination of types of Award will be granted; (4) the provisions of each Award granted (which
need not be identical), including the time or times when a person will be permitted to receive an issuance of Common Stock or other payment
pursuant to an Award; (5) the number of shares of Common Stock or cash equivalent with respect to which an Award will be granted
to each such person; (6) the Fair Market Value applicable to an Award; and (7) the terms of any Performance Award that is not
valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, the Common Stock, including the amount of cash payment or other property
that may be earned and the timing of payment.

11

(ii) To
construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its administration.
The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement, in
a manner and to the extent it deems necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective.

(iii) To
settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Awards granted under it.

(iv) To
accelerate the time at which an Award may first be exercised or the time during which an Award or any part thereof will vest, notwithstanding
the provisions in the Award Agreement stating the time at which it may first be exercised or the time during which it will vest.

(v) To
prohibit the exercise of any Option, SAR or other exercisable Award during a period of up to 30 days prior to the consummation of any
pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other than normal
cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting the shares of Common Stock or the share price of the
Common Stock, including any Corporate Transaction, for reasons of administrative convenience.

(vi) To
suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Suspension or termination of the Plan will not Materially Impair rights and obligations under
any Award granted while the Plan is in effect except with the written consent of the affected Participant.

(vii) To
amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable; provided, however, that stockholder approval will be required
for any amendment to the extent required by Applicable Law. Except as provided above, rights under any Award granted before amendment
of the Plan will not be Materially Impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected
Participant, and (2) such Participant consents in writing.

(viii) To
submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval.

(ix) To
approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Awards, including, but not limited
to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Award Agreement, subject to any specified
limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion; provided however, that, a Participants rights under any Award
will not be Materially Impaired by any such amendment unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and
(2) such Participant consents in writing.

(x) Generally,
to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company
and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards.

12

(xi) To
adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit and facilitate participation in the Plan by, or take advantage
of specific tax treatment for Awards granted to, Employees, Directors or Consultants who are non-U.S. nationals or employed outside the
United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications to the Plan or any Award Agreement to
ensure or facilitate compliance with the laws of the relevant non-U.S. jurisdiction).

(xii) To
effect, at any time and from time to time, subject to the consent of any Participant whose Award is Materially Impaired by such action,
(1) the reduction of the exercise price (or strike price) of any outstanding Option or SAR; (2) the cancellation of any outstanding
Option or SAR and the grant in substitution therefor of (A) a new Option, SAR, Restricted Stock Award, RSU Award or Other Award,
under the Plan or another equity plan of the Company, covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock, (B) cash
and/or (C) other valuable consideration (as determined by the Board); or (3) any other action that is treated as a repricing
under generally accepted accounting principles.

(c) Delegation
to Committee.

(i) General.
The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated
to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board
that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to another Committee or a subcommittee of the Committee any
of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the
Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted
from time to time by the Board. Each Committee may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee or subcommittee
to which it has delegated its authority hereunder and may, at any time, revest in such Committee some or all of the powers previously
delegated. The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with any Committee and may, at any time, revest in the
Board some or all of the powers previously delegated.

(ii) Rule 16b-3
Compliance. To the extent an Award is intended to qualify for the exemption from Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act that
is available under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act, the Award will be granted by the Board or a Committee that consists solely of
two or more Non-Employee Directors, as determined under Rule 16b-3(b)(3) of the Exchange Act and thereafter any action establishing
or modifying the terms of the Award will be approved by the Board or a Committee meeting such requirements to the extent necessary for
such exemption to remain available.

(d) Effect
of Boards Decision. All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board or any Committee in good faith
will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons.

(e) Delegation
to Other Person or Body. The Board or any Committee may delegate to one or more persons or bodies the authority to do one or more
of the following to the extent permitted by Applicable Law: (i) designate recipients, other than Officers, of Options and SARs (and,
to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, other Awards), provided that no person or body may be delegated authority to grant an Award
to themself; (ii) determine the number of shares subject to such Awards; and (iii) determine the terms of such Awards; provided,
however, that the Board or Committee action regarding such delegation will fix the terms of such delegation in accordance with Applicable
Law, including without limitation Sections 152 and 157 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Unless provided otherwise in the Board
or Committee action regarding such delegation, each Award granted pursuant to this section will be granted on the applicable form of Award
Agreement most recently approved for use by the Board or the Committee, with any modifications necessary to incorporate or reflect the
terms of such Award. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, neither the Board nor any Committee may delegate to any person or
body (who is not a Director or that is not comprised solely of Directors, respectively) the authority to determine the Fair Market Value.

13

8. Tax
Withholding

(a) Withholding
Authorization. As a condition to acceptance of any Award under the Plan, a Participant authorizes withholding from payroll and any
other amounts payable to such Participant, and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for (including), any sums required to satisfy
any U.S. federal, state, local and/or non-U.S. tax or social insurance contribution withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate,
if any, which arise in connection with the exercise, vesting or settlement of such Award, as applicable. Accordingly, a Participant may
not be able to exercise an Award even though the Award is vested, and the Company shall have no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock
subject to an Award, unless and until such obligations are satisfied.

(b) Satisfaction
of Withholding Obligation. To the extent permitted by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy
any U.S. federal, state, local and/or non-U.S. tax or social insurance withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following
means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii) withholding shares of Common
Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award; (iii) withholding
cash from an Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; (v) by allowing
a Participant to effectuate a cashless exercise pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the
Federal Reserve Board; or (vi) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement.

(c) No
Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes; No Liability to Claims. Except as required by Applicable Law, the Company has no duty or obligation
to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Award. Furthermore, the Company has no duty or obligation
to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of an Award or a possible period in which the Award may
not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder of such Award and will
not be liable to any holder of an Award for any adverse tax consequences to such holder in connection with an Award. As a condition to
accepting an Award under the Plan, each Participant (i) agrees to not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers,
Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from such Award or other Company compensation, and (ii) acknowledges
that such Participant was advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the tax consequences
of the Award and has either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. Additionally, each Participant acknowledges any Option
or SAR granted under the Plan is exempt from Section 409A only if the exercise or strike price is at least equal to the fair
market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by the Internal Revenue Service and there is no other impermissible
deferral of compensation associated with the Award. Additionally, as a condition to accepting an Option or SAR granted under the Plan,
each Participant agrees to not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event
that the Internal Revenue Service asserts that such exercise price or strike price is less than the fair market value of
the Common Stock on the date of grant as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service.

14

(d) Withholding
Indemnification. As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, in the event that the amount of the Companys and/or
its Affiliates withholding obligation in connection with such Award was greater than the amount actually withheld by the Company
and/or its Affiliates, each Participant agrees to indemnify and hold the Company and/or its Affiliates harmless from any failure by the
Company and/or its Affiliates to withhold the proper amount.

9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Source
of Shares. The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares
repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise.

(b) Use
of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock. Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Awards will constitute general
funds of the Company.

(c) Corporate
Action Constituting Grant of Awards. Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of an Award to any Participant will be deemed
completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate,
or letter evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate
records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action approving the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise
price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result
of a clerical error in the Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have
no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement or related grant documents.

(d) Stockholder
Rights. No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of
Common Stock subject to such Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of the Award
pursuant to its terms, if applicable, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Award is reflected in the records
of the Company.

(e) No
Employment or Other Service Rights. Nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection
with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in
the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate at will and without
regard to any future vesting opportunity that a Participant may have with respect to any Award (i) the employment of an Employee
with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultants
agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the Bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate,
and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the U.S. state or non-U.S. jurisdiction in which the Company or the Affiliate is
incorporated, as the case may be. Further, nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in
connection with any Award will constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future
positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or service or confer any right or
benefit under the Award or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of the Award Agreement and/or
Plan.

15

(f) Change
in Time Commitment. In the event a Participants regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services
for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee and the Employee
has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant
of any Award to the Participant, the Board may determine, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, to (i) make a corresponding
reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after
the date of such change in time commitment, and (ii) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment
schedule applicable to such Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion
of the Award that is so reduced or extended.

(g) Execution
of Additional Documents. As a condition to accepting an Award under the Plan, the Participant agrees to execute any additional documents
or instruments necessary or desirable, as determined in the Plan Administrators sole discretion, to carry out the purposes or intent
of the Award, or facilitate compliance with securities and/or other regulatory requirements, in each case at the Plan Administrators
request.

(h) Electronic
Delivery and Participation. Any reference herein or in an Award Agreement to a written agreement or document will include
any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the
Companys intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). By accepting
any Award the Participant consents to receive documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through any on-line electronic
system established and maintained by the Plan Administrator or another third party selected by the Plan Administrator. The form of delivery
of any Common Stock (e.g., a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) shall be determined by the Company.

(i) Clawback/Recovery.
All Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to
adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Companys securities are
listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other Applicable Law and any clawback
policy that the Company otherwise adopts, to the extent applicable and permissible under Applicable Law. In addition, the Board may impose
such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including
but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares of Common Stock or other cash or property upon the occurrence
of Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a Participants right to voluntarily
terminate employment upon a resignation for good reason, or for a constructive termination or any similar
term under any plan of or agreement with the Company.

16

(j) Securities
Law Compliance. A Participant will not be issued any shares in respect of an Award unless either (i) the shares are registered
under the Securities Act or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act. Each Award also must comply with other Applicable Law governing the Award, and a Participant will not receive such
shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with Applicable Law.

(k) Transfer
or Assignment of Awards; Issued Shares. Except as expressly provided in the Plan or the form of Award Agreement, Awards granted under
the Plan may not be transferred or assigned by the Participant. After the vested shares subject to an Award have been issued, or in the
case of a Restricted Stock Award and similar awards, after the issued shares have vested, the holder of such shares is free to assign,
hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in such shares provided that any such actions are in compliance with
the provisions herein, the terms of the Trading Policy and Applicable Law.

(l) Effect
on Other Employee Benefit Plans. The value of any Award granted under the Plan, as determined upon grant, vesting or settlement,
shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating any Participants benefits
under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company
expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Companys or any Affiliates employee benefit plans.

(m) Deferrals.
To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment
of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may also establish programs and
procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals will be made in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A.

(n) Section 409A.
Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Award Agreement, the Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent
possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A, and, to the extent not so exempt,
in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from
and is therefore subject to Section 409A, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary
to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms
necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and
if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A is a specified employee
for purposes of Section 409A, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service
(as defined in Section 409A without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is
six months and one day following the date of such Participants separation from service or, if earlier, the date of
the Participants death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A, and any
amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the
original schedule.

17

(o) Choice
of Law. This Plan and any controversy arising out of or relating to this Plan shall
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflict of law principles
that would result in any application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware.

10. Covenants
of the Company.

The Company will seek to obtain
from each regulatory commission or agency, as may be deemed to be necessary, having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be
required to grant Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise or vesting of the Awards; provided, however, that
this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable
pursuant to any such Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory
commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary or advisable for the lawful issuance and sale of Common
Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise or vesting
of such Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant is not eligible for the grant of an Award or the subsequent
issuance of Common Stock pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any Applicable Law.

11. Severability.

If all or any part of the
Plan or any Award Agreement is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity
shall not invalidate any portion of the Plan or such Award Agreement not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of the Plan
or any Award Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner
which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful
and valid.

12. Termination
of the Plan.

The Board may suspend or terminate
the Plan at any time. No Incentive Stock Options may be granted after the tenth anniversary of the earlier of: (a) the Adoption Date,
or (b) the date the Plan is approved by the Companys stockholders. No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan
is suspended or after it is terminated.

18

13. Definitions.

As used in the Plan, the following
definitions apply to the capitalized terms indicated below:

(a) Acquiring
Entity means the surviving or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) in connection with a Corporate Transaction.

(b) Adoption
Date means the date the Plan is first approved by the Board or Compensation Committee, as applicable.

(c) Affiliate
means, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in
Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act. The Board may determine the time or times at which parent or subsidiary
status is determined within the foregoing definition.

(d) Applicable
Law means the Code and any applicable U.S. and non-U.S. securities, exchange control, tax, federal, state, material local
or municipal or other law, statute, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance, code, edict, decree, rule, listing rule,
regulation, judicial decision, ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by
or under the authority of any Governmental Body (including under the authority of any applicable self-regulating organization such as
the Nasdaq Stock Market, New York Stock Exchange, or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority).

(e) Award
means any right to receive Common Stock, cash or other property granted under the Plan (including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory
Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, an RSU Award, a SAR, a Performance Award or any Other Award).

(f) Award
Agreement means a written or electronic agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions
of an Award. The Award Agreement generally consists of the Grant Notice and the agreement containing the written summary of the general
terms and conditions applicable to the Award and which is provided, including through electronic means, to a Participant along with the
Grant Notice.

(g) Board
means the Board of Directors of the Company (or its designee). Any decision or determination made by the Board shall be a decision or
determination that is made in the sole discretion of the Board (or its designee), and such decision or determination shall be final and
binding on all Participants.

(h) Capitalization
Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the
Plan or subject to any Award after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board without the receipt of consideration by the Company through
merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large
nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change
in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible
securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment.

19

(i) Cause
has the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the
absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) such
Participants commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United
States or any state thereof; (ii) such Participants attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty
against the Company; (iii) such Participants material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the
Company or of any statutory duty owed to the Company; (iv) such Participants unauthorized use or disclosure of the Companys
confidential information or trade secrets; (v) such Participants gross misconduct; (vi) such Participants failure
or refusal to comply with a lawful material directive from the Board, the Participants supervisor or, if applicable, the board
of directors of any Affiliate; or (vii) such Participants breach of a fiduciary duty to the Company. The determination
that a termination of the Participants Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Board with respect
to Participants who are executive officers of the Company and by the Companys Chief Executive Officer with respect to Participants
who are not executive officers of the Company. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was
terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination
of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose.

(j) Change
in Control or Change of Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series
of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events:

(i) any
Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined
voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed to occur (1) on account of the acquisition of securities of
the Company directly from the Company, (2) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate
thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Companys securities in a transaction or series of related transactions
the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities, or (3) solely because
the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person) exceeds the designated percentage threshold
of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the
number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of
the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional
voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding
voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control shall be deemed to occur;

(ii) there
is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the
consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own,
directly or indirectly, either (1) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50% of the combined outstanding voting power
of the Acquiring Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (2) more than 50% of the combined outstanding voting
power of the parent of the Acquiring Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same
proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction;

20

(iii) the
stockholders of the Company approve or the Board approves a plan of complete dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or a complete
dissolution or liquidation of the Company shall otherwise occur, except for a liquidation into a parent corporation;

(iv) there
is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company
and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of
the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned
by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company
immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition; or

(v) individuals
who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board) cease for
any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination
for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still
in office, such new member shall, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board.

Notwithstanding the foregoing
or any other provision of this Plan, (1) the term Change in Control shall not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction
effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, (2) the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous
term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant shall supersede the foregoing definition
with respect to Awards subject to such agreement; provided, however, that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term
is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition shall apply, and (3) with respect to any nonqualified
deferred compensation that becomes payable on account of the Change in Control, the transaction or event described in clause (i), (ii),
(iii), or (iv) also constitutes a Section 409A Change in Control if required in order for the payment not to violate Section 409A
of the Code.

(k) Code
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder.

(l) Committee
means the Compensation Committee and any other committee of one or more Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board or
Compensation Committee in accordance with the Plan.

(m) Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company.

(n) Company
means Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

21

(o) Compensation
Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board.

(p) Consultant
means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services
and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for
such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered
a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan
only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Companys
securities to such person.

(q) Continuous
Service means that the Participants service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or
Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate
as an Employee, Director or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is
no interruption or termination of the Participants service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participants
Continuous Service; provided, however, that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an
Affiliate, as determined by the Board, such Participants Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such
Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate
or to a Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive
officer of the Company, in that partys sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted
in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or
any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may be provided in
the Companys leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant,
or as otherwise required by law. In addition, to the extent required for exemption from or compliance with Section 409A, the determination
of whether there has been a termination of Continuous Service will be made, and such term will be construed, in a manner that is consistent
with the definition of separation from service as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (without
regard to any alternative definition thereunder).

(r) Corporate
Transaction means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more
of the following events:

(i) a
sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries;

(ii) a
sale or other disposition of at least 50% of the outstanding securities of the Company;

(iii) a
merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or

22

(iv) a
merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock
outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger,
consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise.

(s) determine
or determined means as determined by the Board or the Committee (or its designee) in its sole discretion.

(t) Director
means a member of the Board.

(u) Disability
means, with respect to a Participant, such Participant is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically
determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for
a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board
on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances.

(v) Effective
Date means the effective date of this Plan, which is the date of the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, provided that this Plan is approved by the Companys stockholders prior to such date.

(w) Effective
Time has the meaning set forth in the Merger Agreement.

(x) Employee
means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services,
will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan.

(y) Employer
means the Company or the Affiliate that employs the Participant.

(z) Entity
means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity.

(aa) Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(bb) Exchange
Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of
the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company,
(ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities
under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities
pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of
the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company, or (v) any natural person, Entity or
group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Date,
is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of the Companys
then outstanding securities.

23

(cc) Fair
Market Value means, as of any date, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the value of the Common Stock (as determined
on a per share or aggregate basis, as applicable) determined as follows:

(i) If
the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value will be the closing
sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the
Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable.

(ii) If
there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling
price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists.

(iii) In
the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, or if otherwise determined by the Board, the Fair Market Value will be determined by
the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code.

(dd) Fully
Diluted Common Stock means the number of shares of Common Stock, determined as of the applicable time of measurement,
equal to the sum of (i) the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and (ii) the total number of shares
of Common Stock subject to securities that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock (whether vested or unvested).

(ee) Governmental
Body means any: (i) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality, district or other jurisdiction
of any nature; (ii) U.S. or non-U.S. federal, state, local, municipal or other government; (iii) governmental or regulatory
body, or quasi-governmental body of any nature (including any governmental division, department, administrative agency or bureau, commission,
authority, instrumentality, official, ministry, fund, foundation, center, organization, unit, body or Entity and any court or other tribunal,
and for the avoidance of doubt, any tax authority) or other body exercising similar powers or authority; or (iv) self-regulatory
organization (including the Nasdaq Stock Market, New York Stock Exchange, and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority).

(ff) Grant
Notice means the notice provided to a Participant that he or she has been granted an Award under the Plan and which includes
the name of the Participant, the type of Award, the date of grant of the Award, number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Award
or potential cash payment right, (if any), the vesting schedule for the Award (if any) and other key terms applicable to the Award.

(gg) Incentive
Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 4 of the Plan that is intended to be, and qualifies as, an
incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.

(hh) Materially
Impair means any amendment to the terms of the Award that materially adversely affects the Participants rights under
the Award. A Participants rights under an Award will not be deemed to have been Materially Impaired by any such amendment if the
Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participants rights.
For example, the following types of amendments to the terms of an Award do not Materially Impair the Participants rights under
the Award: (i) imposition of reasonable restrictions on the minimum number of shares subject to an Option or SAR that may be exercised;
(ii) to maintain the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (iii) to
change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option in a manner that disqualifies, impairs or otherwise affects the qualified status of the
Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (iv) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring
the Award into compliance with or qualify it for an exemption from, Section 409A; or (v) to comply with other Applicable Laws.

24

(ii) Merger
Agreement means that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of December 17, 2024, by and
among Cara Therapeutics, Inc., CT Convergence Merger Sub, Inc. and Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

(jj) Non-Employee
Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does
not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in
any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation
S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act (Regulation S-K)), does not possess an interest in any other
transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship
for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is otherwise considered a non-employee
director for purposes of Rule 16b-3.

(kk) Nonstatutory
Stock Option means any option granted pursuant to Section 4 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock
Option.

(ll) Officer
means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

(mm) Option
means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan.

(nn) Option
Agreement means a written or electronic agreement between the Company and the Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions
of the Option grant. The Option Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the Option and the agreement containing the written summary of
the general terms and conditions applicable to the Option and which is provided including through electronic means, to a Participant along
with the Grant Notice. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

(oo) Optionholder
means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option.

(pp) Other
Award means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms
and conditions of Section 5(c).

25

(qq) Other
Award Agreement means a written or electronic agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Award evidencing the
terms and conditions of an Other Award grant. Each Other Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

(rr) Own,
Owned, Owner, Ownership means that a person or Entity
will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership
of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise,
has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities.

(ss) Participant
means an Employee, Director or Consultant to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds
an outstanding Award.

(tt) Performance
Award means an Award that may vest or may be exercised or a cash award that may vest or become earned and paid contingent
upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals and which is granted under the terms and conditions of Section 5(b) pursuant
to such terms as are approved by the Board. In addition, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and set forth in the applicable Award
Agreement, the Board may determine that cash or other property may be used in payment of Performance Awards. Performance Awards that are
settled in cash or other property are not required to be valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, the Common
Stock.

(uu) Performance
Criteria means the one or more criteria that the Board will select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for
a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish such Performance Goals may be based on any one of, or combination
of, the following as determined by the Board: earnings (including earnings per share and net earnings); earnings before interest, taxes
and depreciation; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; total stockholder return; return on equity or average
stockholders equity; return on assets, investment, or capital employed; stock price; margin (including gross margin); income (before
or after taxes); operating income; operating income after taxes; pre-tax profit; operating cash flow; sales or revenue targets; increases
in revenue or product revenue; expenses and cost reduction goals; improvement in or attainment of working capital levels; economic value
added (or an equivalent metric); market share; cash flow; cash flow per share; share price performance; debt reduction; customer satisfaction;
stockholders equity; capital expenditures; debt levels; operating profit or net operating profit; workforce diversity; growth of
net income or operating income; billings; preclinical development related compound goals; financing; regulatory milestones, including
approval of a compound; stockholder liquidity; corporate governance and compliance; product commercialization; intellectual property;
personnel matters; progress of internal research or clinical programs; progress of partnered programs; partner satisfaction; budget management;
clinical achievements; completing phases of a clinical trial (including the treatment phase); announcing or presenting preliminary or
final data from clinical trials, in each case, whether on particular timelines or generally; timely completion of clinical trials; submission
of INDs and NDAs and other regulatory achievements; partner or collaborator achievements; internal controls, including those related to
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; research progress, including the development of programs; investor relations, analysts and communication;
manufacturing achievements (including obtaining particular yields from manufacturing runs and other measurable objectives related to process
development activities); strategic partnerships or transactions (including in-licensing and out-licensing of intellectual property); establishing
relationships with commercial entities with respect to the marketing, distribution and sale of the Companys products (including
with group purchasing organizations, distributors and other vendors); supply chain achievements (including establishing relationships
with manufacturers or suppliers of active pharmaceutical ingredients and other component materials and manufacturers of the Companys
products); co-development, co-marketing, profit sharing, joint venture or other similar arrangements; individual performance goals; corporate
development and planning goals; and other measures of performance selected by the Board or Committee.

26

(vv) Performance
Goals means, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Board for the Performance Period based
upon the Performance Criteria. Performance Goals may be based on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business units, divisions,
Affiliates, or business segments, and in either absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more comparable companies or the
performance of one or more relevant indices. Unless specified otherwise by the Board (i) in the Award Agreement at the time the Award
is granted or (ii) in such other document setting forth the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established,
the Board will appropriately make adjustments in the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period
as follows: (1) to exclude restructuring and/or other nonrecurring charges; (2) to exclude exchange rate effects; (3) to
exclude the effects of changes to generally accepted accounting principles; (4) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments
to corporate tax rates; (5) to exclude the effects of items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently
as determined under generally accepted accounting principles; (6) to exclude the dilutive effects of acquisitions or joint ventures;
(7) to assume that any business divested by the Company achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the balance of
a Performance Period following such divestiture; (8) to exclude the effect of any change in the outstanding shares of Common Stock
by reason of any stock dividend or split, stock repurchase, reorganization, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination
or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to common stockholders other than regular cash dividends;
(9) to exclude the effects of stock based compensation and the award of bonuses under the Companys bonus plans; (10) to
exclude costs incurred in connection with potential acquisitions or divestitures that are required to be expensed under generally accepted
accounting principles; and (11) to exclude the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that are required to be recorded under
generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, the Board retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic
benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for
such Performance Period. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree
of achievement as specified in the Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Award.

(ww) Performance
Period means the period of time selected by the Board over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be
measured for the purpose of determining a Participants right to vesting or exercise of an Award. Performance Periods may be of
varying and overlapping duration, at the sole discretion of the Board.

27

(xx) Plan
means this Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time.

(yy) Plan
Administrator means the person, persons, and/or third-party administrator designated by the Company to administer the day-to-day
operations of the Plan and the Companys other equity incentive programs.

(zz) Post-Termination
Exercise Period means the period following termination of a Participants Continuous Service within which an Option
or SAR is exercisable, as specified in Section 4(h).

(aaa) Prospectus
means the document containing the Plan information specified in Section 10(a) of the Securities Act.

(bbb) Restricted
Stock Award means an Award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(a).

(ccc) Restricted
Stock Award Agreement means a written or electronic agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award
evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant. The Restricted Stock Award Agreement includes the Grant Notice
for the Restricted Stock Award and the agreement containing the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the
Restricted Stock Award and which is provided including by electronic means, to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each Restricted
Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

(ddd) RSU
Award or RSU means an Award of restricted stock units representing the right to receive an
issuance of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5(a).

(eee) RSU
Award Agreement means a written or electronic agreement between the Company and a holder of an RSU Award evidencing the
terms and conditions of an RSU Award grant. The RSU Award Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the RSU Award and the agreement containing
the written summary of the general terms and conditions applicable to the RSU Award and which is provided, including by electronic means,
to a Participant along with the Grant Notice. Each RSU Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

(fff) Rule 16b-3
means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time.

(ggg) Rule 405
means Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act.

(hhh) SAR
Agreement means a written or electronic agreement between the Company and a holder of a SAR evidencing the terms and conditions
of a SAR grant. The SAR Agreement includes the Grant Notice for the SAR and the agreement containing the written summary of the general
terms and conditions applicable to the SAR and which is provided, including by electronic means, to a Participant along with the Grant
Notice. Each SAR Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

28

(iii) Section 409A
means Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder.

(jjj) Section 409A
Change in Control means a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial
portion of the Companys assets, as provided in Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without
regard to any alternative definition thereunder).

(kkk) Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(lll) Share
Reserve means the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan as set forth in Section 2(a).

(mmm) Stock
Appreciation Right or SAR means a right to receive the appreciation on Common Stock that is
granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 4.

(nnn) Subsidiary
means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50% of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting
power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class
or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly
or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has
a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50%.

(ooo) Ten
Percent Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock
possessing more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate.

(ppp) Trading
Policy means the Companys policy permitting certain individuals to sell Company shares only during certain window
periods and/or otherwise restricts the ability of certain individuals to transfer or encumber Company shares, as in effect from time to
time.

29
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex10-15.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.15
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.15

Employee ISO Form

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc.

Stock Option Grant Notice

(2025 Equity Incentive Plan)

Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.
(the Company) has granted to you (Optionholder) an option to purchase
the number of shares of the Common Stock set forth below (the Option) under the Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.
2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan). Your Option is subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth
in this Stock Option Grant Notice (the Grant Notice), the Stock Option Agreement (the Option
Agreement), the Notice of Exercise and the Plan, all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety.
Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Grant Notice but defined in the Option Agreement or the Plan will have the same definitions
as in the Option Agreement or the Plan, as applicable.

Optionholder: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Number of Shares of Common Stock Subject to Option: 

Exercise Price (Per Share): 

Total Exercise Price: 

Expiration Date: 

Type of Grant: Incentive Stock Option

Exercise and 

Vesting
Schedule: Subject to the Optionholders Continuous Service through each applicable vesting date, the
Option will vest as follows:

[__________________________].

Optionholder
Acknowledgements: By your signature below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company,
you understand and agree that:

The Option is governed by this Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, the Notice of Exercise and the Plan,
all of which are made a part of this document. Unless otherwise provided in the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Option Agreement may not
be modified, amended or revised except in a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company.

If the Option is an Incentive Stock Option, it (plus other outstanding Incentive Stock Options granted
to you) cannot be first exercisable for more than $100,000 in value (measured by exercise price) in any calendar year. Any excess
over $100,000 is a Nonstatutory Stock Option.

1

You consent to receive this Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, the Plan, the Prospectus and any other
Plan-related documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained
by the Company or another third party designated by the Company.

You have read and are familiar with the provisions of this Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, the Notice
of Exercise, the Plan and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in this Grant Notice, the Option Agreement
or the Prospectus and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control.

As of the Date of Grant, this Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, the Notice of Exercise and the Plan
set forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the Option, with the exception of (i) other equity awards
previously granted to you and Common Stock previously issued to you; (ii) any applicable compensation recovery or clawback policy
that is adopted by the Company or is required by Applicable Law; and (iii) any written employment, offer letter, severance or other
agreement, or any written severance plan or policy, in each case that specifies the terms that should govern the Option.

Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature
complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law) or other transmission
method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc. Optionholder

By: 

Signature Signature

Title: Date: 

Date: 

Attachments:
Stock Option Agreement, 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, Notice of Exercise

2

Employee ISO Form

Attachment
I

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc.

Stock Option Agreement

(2025
Equity Incentive Plan)

As reflected by your Stock
Option Grant Notice (the Grant Notice) and this Stock Option Agreement (the Option Agreement),
Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) has granted you an option under the Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.
2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock at the exercise price
indicated in your Grant Notice (the Option). Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement
but defined in the Grant Notice or the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Grant Notice or Plan, as applicable.

The general terms and conditions
applicable to your Option are as follows:

1. Governing
Plan Document. Your Option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, including but not limited to the provisions in:

(a) Section 6
regarding the impact of a Capitalization Adjustment, dissolution, liquidation, or Corporate Transaction on your Option;

(b) Section 9(e) regarding
the Companys retained rights to terminate your Continuous Service notwithstanding the grant of the Option; and

(c) Section 8
regarding certain tax consequences of your Option.

Your Option is further subject to all interpretations,
amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any
conflict between the Option Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control.

2. Vesting.
Your Option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice, subject to the provisions contained herein and the terms of the Plan.
Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service.

3. Exercise.

(a) You
may generally exercise the vested portion of your Option for whole shares of Common Stock at any time during its term by delivery of payment
of the exercise price and applicable withholding taxes and other required documentation to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the
exercise procedures established by the Plan Administrator, which may include an electronic submission. Please review Sections 4(i), 4(j) and
7(b)(v) of the Plan, which may restrict or prohibit your ability to exercise your Option during certain periods.

1

(b) To
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, you may pay your Option exercise price as follows:

(i) cash,
check, bank draft or money order;

(ii) subject
to Company and/or Committee consent at the time of exercise, pursuant to a cashless exercise program as further described
in Section 4(c)(ii) of the Plan if at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded;

(iii) subject
to Company and/or Committee consent at the time of exercise, by delivery of previously owned shares of Common Stock as further described
in Section 4(c)(iii) of the Plan; or

(iv) subject
to Company and/or Committee consent at the time of exercise, if the Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise
arrangement as further described in Section 4(c)(iv) of the Plan.

4. Term.
You may not exercise your Option before the commencement of its term or after its term expires. The term of your Option commences on the
Date of Grant and expires upon the earliest of the following:

(a) immediately
upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause;

(b) three
months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, Disability or death;

(c) 12
months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability;

(d) 12
months after your death if you die during your Continuous Service;

(e) immediately
upon a Corporate Transaction if the Board has determined that the Option will terminate in connection with a Corporate Transaction;

(f) the
Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice; or

(g) the
day before the 10th anniversary of the Date of Grant.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you die during
the period provided in Section 4(b) or 4(c) above, the term of your Option will not expire until the earlier of (i) 12
months after your death, (ii) upon any termination of the Option in connection with a Corporate Transaction, (iii) the Expiration
Date indicated in your Grant Notice, or (iv) the day before the tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant. Additionally, the Post-Termination
Exercise Period of your Option may be extended as provided in Section 4(i) of the Plan.

To obtain the federal income
tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the date of grant of your Option
and ending on the day three months before the date of your Options exercise, you must be an Employee, except in the event of your
death or Disability. If the Company provides for the extended exercisability of your Option under certain circumstances for your benefit,
your Option will not necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you exercise your Option more than three months after the
date your employment terminates.

2

5. Withholding
Obligations. As further provided in Section 8 of the Plan: (a) you may not exercise your Option unless the applicable
tax withholding obligations are satisfied; and (b) at the time you exercise your Option, in whole or in part, or at any time thereafter
as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to
make adequate provision for (including by means of a cashless exercise pursuant to a program developed under Regulation
T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state,
local and non-U.S. tax withholding obligations, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your Option in accordance with
the withholding procedures established by the Company. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your Option even though the Option
is vested, and the Company will have no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock subject to your Option, unless and until such obligations
are satisfied. In the event that the amount of the Companys withholding obligation in connection with your Option was greater than
the amount actually withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any failure by the Company to withhold
the proper amount.

6. Incentive
Stock Option Disposition Requirement. If your Option is an Incentive Stock Option, you must notify the Company in writing within
15 days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your Option that occurs within
two years after the date of your Option grant or within one year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your
Option.

7. Transferability.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 4(e) of the Plan, your Option is not transferable, except by will or by the applicable
laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you.

8. Corporate
Transaction. Your Option is subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company,
including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on your behalf
with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration.

9. No
Liability for Taxes. As a condition to accepting the Option, you hereby (a) agree to not make any claim against the Company,
or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from the Option or other Company compensation
and (b) acknowledge that you were advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the
tax consequences of the Option and have either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. Additionally, you acknowledge that
the Option is exempt from Section 409A only if the exercise price is at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by the Internal Revenue Service and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation
associated with the Option. Additionally, as a condition to accepting the Option, you agree not make any claim against the Company, or
any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the Internal Revenue Service asserts that such exercise is less
than the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service.

3

10. Severability.
If any part of this Option Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness
or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Option Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any
Section of this Option Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed
in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining
lawful and valid.

11. Other
Documents. You hereby acknowledge receipt of or the right to receive a document providing the information required
by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge
receipt of the Companys Trading Policy.

12. Questions.
If you have questions regarding these or any other terms and conditions applicable to your Option, including a summary of
the applicable federal income tax consequences please see the Prospectus.

* * *
*

4

Employee
ISO Form

Attachment
II

2025
Equity Incentive Plan

1

ISO Form

Attachment
III

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc.

Notice
of Exercise

(2025
Equity Incentive Plan)

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc. 

3 Sugar Creek Center Blvd., Suite 525 

Sugar Land, Texas 77478 Date of Exercise: 

This Notice of Exercise (the
Notice of Exercise) constitutes notice to Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company)
that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Shares) by exercising
my Option for the price set forth below. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Notice of Exercise but defined in the Grant
Notice, the Option Agreement or the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Grant Notice, the Option Agreement or the Plan, as applicable.
Use of certain payment methods is subject to Company and/or Committee consent and certain additional requirements set forth in the Option
Agreement and the Plan.

Type of Option: Incentive Stock Option 

Date of Grant: _______________ 

Number of Shares as to which Option is exercised: _______________ 

Certificates to be issued in name of: _______________ 

Total exercise price: $______________ 

Cash, check, bank draft or money order delivered herewith: $______________ 

Value of ________ Shares delivered herewith: $______________ 

Regulation T Program (cashless exercise): $_____________ 

Value of _______ Shares pursuant to net exercise: $_____________ 

1

By this exercise, I agree
(i) to provide such additional documents as the Company may require pursuant to the terms of the Plan, (ii) to satisfy the tax
withholding obligations, if any, relating to the exercise of this Option as set forth in the Option Agreement, and (iii) if this
exercise relates to an Incentive Stock Option, to notify the Company in writing within 15 days after the date of any disposition of any
of the Shares issued upon exercise of this Option that occurs within two years after the Date of Grant or within one year after such Shares
are issued upon exercise of this Option.

Very truly yours,

2

NSO Form

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc.

Stock Option Grant Notice

(2025 Equity Incentive Plan)

Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.
(the Company) has granted to you (Optionholder) an option to purchase
the number of shares of the Common Stock set forth below (the Option) under the Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.
2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan). Your Option is subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth
in this Stock Option Grant Notice (the Grant Notice), the Stock Option Agreement (the Option
Agreement), the Notice of Exercise and the Plan, all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety.
Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Grant Notice but defined in the Option Agreement or the Plan will have the same definitions
as in the Option Agreement or the Plan, as applicable.

Optionholder: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Number of Shares of Common Stock Subject to Option: 

Exercise Price (Per Share): 

Total Exercise Price: 

Expiration Date: 

Type of Grant: Nonstatutory
Stock Option

Exercise and 

Vesting
Schedule: Subject to the Optionholders
Continuous Service through each applicable vesting date, the Option will vest as follows:

[__________________________].

Optionholder
Acknowledgements: By your signature below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company,
you understand and agree that:

The Option is governed by this Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, the Notice of Exercise and the Plan,
all of which are made a part of this document. Unless otherwise provided in the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Option Agreement may not
be modified, amended or revised except in a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company.

You consent to receive this Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, the Plan, the Prospectus and any other
Plan-related documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained
by the Company or another third party designated by the Company.

1

You have read and are familiar with the provisions of this Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, the Notice
of Exercise, the Plan and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in this Grant Notice, the Option Agreement
or the Prospectus and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control.

As of the Date of Grant, this Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, the Notice of Exercise and the Plan
set forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the Option, with the exception of (i) other equity awards
previously granted to you and Common Stock previously issued to you; (ii) any applicable compensation recovery or clawback policy
that is adopted by the Company or is required by Applicable Law; and (iii) any written employment, offer letter, severance or other
agreement, or any written severance plan or policy, in each case that specifies the terms that should govern the Option.

Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf or any electronic signature
complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law) or other transmission
method and any counterpart so delivered will be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes.

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc. Optionholder

By: 

Signature Signature

Title: Date: 

Date: 

Attachments:
Stock Option Agreement, 2025 Equity Incentive Plan, Notice of Exercise

2

NSO Form

Attachment
I

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc.

Stock Option Agreement

(2025
Equity Incentive Plan)

As reflected by your Stock
Option Grant Notice (the Grant Notice) and this Stock Option Agreement (the Option Agreement),
Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) has granted you an option under the Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.
2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock at the exercise price
indicated in your Grant Notice (the Option). Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement
but defined in the Grant Notice or the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Grant Notice or Plan, as applicable.

The general terms and conditions
applicable to your Option are as follows:

1. Governing
Plan Document. Your Option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, including but not limited to the provisions in:

(a) Section 6
regarding the impact of a Capitalization Adjustment, dissolution, liquidation, or Corporate Transaction on your Option;

(b) Section 9(e) regarding
the Companys retained rights to terminate your Continuous Service notwithstanding the grant of the Option; and

(c) Section 8
regarding certain tax consequences of your Option.

Your Option is further subject to all interpretations,
amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any
conflict between the Option Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control.

2. Vesting.
Your Option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice, subject to the provisions contained herein and the terms of the Plan.
Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service.

3. Exercise.

(a) You
may generally exercise the vested portion of your Option for whole shares of Common Stock at any time during its term by delivery of payment
of the exercise price and applicable withholding taxes and other required documentation to the Plan Administrator in accordance with the
exercise procedures established by the Plan Administrator, which may include an electronic submission. Please review Sections 4(i), 4(j) and
7(b)(v) of the Plan, which may restrict or prohibit your ability to exercise your Option during certain periods.

1

(b) To
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, you may pay your Option exercise price as follows:

(i) cash,
check, bank draft or money order;

(ii) subject
to Company and/or Committee consent at the time of exercise, pursuant to a cashless exercise program as further described
in Section 4(c)(ii) of the Plan if at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded;

(iii) subject
to Company and/or Committee consent at the time of exercise, by delivery of previously owned shares of Common Stock as further described
in Section 4(c)(iii) of the Plan; or

(iv) subject
to Company and/or Committee consent at the time of exercise, by a net exercise arrangement as further described in Section 4(c)(iv) of
the Plan.

4. Term.
You may not exercise your Option before the commencement of its term or after its term expires. The term of your Option commences on
the Date of Grant and expires upon the earliest of the following:

(a) immediately
upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause;

(b) three
months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, Disability or death;

(c) 12
months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability;

(d) 12
months after your death if you die during your Continuous Service;

(e) immediately
upon a Corporate Transaction if the Board has determined that the Option will terminate in connection with a Corporate Transaction;

(f) the
Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice; or

(g) the
day before the 10th anniversary of the Date of Grant.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you die during
the period provided in Section 4(b) or 4(c) above, the term of your Option will not expire until the earlier of (i) 12
months after your death, (ii) upon any termination of the Option in connection with a Corporate Transaction, (iii) the Expiration
Date indicated in your Grant Notice, or (iv) the day before the tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant. Additionally, the Post-Termination
Exercise Period of your Option may be extended as provided in Section 4(i) of the Plan.

5. Withholding
Obligations. As further provided in Section 8 of the Plan: (a) you may not exercise your Option unless the applicable
tax withholding obligations are satisfied; and (b) at the time you exercise your Option, in whole or in part, or at any time thereafter
as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree
to make adequate provision for (including by means of a cashless exercise pursuant to a program developed under Regulation
T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state,
local and non-U.S. tax withholding obligations, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your Option in accordance with
the withholding procedures established by the Company. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your Option even though the Option
is vested, and the Company will have no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock subject to your Option, unless and until such obligations
are satisfied. In the event that the amount of the Companys withholding obligation in connection with your Option was greater
than the amount actually withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any failure by the Company
to withhold the proper amount.

2

6. Transferability.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 4(e) of the Plan, your Option is not transferable, except by will or by the applicable
laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you.

7. Corporate
Transaction. Your Option is subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company,
including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on your behalf
with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration.

8. No
Liability for Taxes. As a condition to accepting the Option, you hereby (a) agree to not make any claim against the Company,
or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from the Option or other Company compensation
and (b) acknowledge that you were advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors regarding the
tax consequences of the Option and have either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. Additionally, you acknowledge
that the Option is exempt from Section 409A only if the exercise price is at least equal to the fair market value
of the Common Stock on the date of grant as determined by the Internal Revenue Service and there is no other impermissible deferral of
compensation associated with the Option. Additionally, as a condition to accepting the Option, you agree not make any claim against the
Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the Internal Revenue Service asserts that such
exercise is less than the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant as subsequently determined by the
Internal Revenue Service.

9. Severability.
If any part of this Option Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness
or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Option Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any
Section of this Option Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed
in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining
lawful and valid.

10. Other
Documents. You hereby acknowledge receipt of or the right to receive a document providing the information required
by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge
receipt of the Companys Trading Policy.

3

11. Questions.
If you have questions regarding these or any other terms and conditions applicable to your Option, including a summary of
the applicable federal income tax consequences please see the Prospectus.

* * *
*

4

NSO
Form

Attachment
II

2025
Equity Incentive Plan

1

NSO Form

Attachment
III

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc.

Notice
of Exercise

(2025
Equity Incentive Plan)

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc. 

3 Sugar Creek Center Blvd., Suite 525 

Sugar Land, Texas 77478 Date of Exercise: 

This Notice of Exercise (the
Notice of Exercise) constitutes notice to Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company)
that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Shares) by exercising
my Option for the price set forth below. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Notice of Exercise but defined in the Grant
Notice, the Option Agreement or the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Grant Notice, the Option Agreement or the Plan, as applicable.
Use of certain payment methods is subject to Company and/or Committee consent and certain additional requirements set forth in the Option
Agreement and the Plan.

Type of Option: Nonstatutory Stock Option 

Date of Grant: _______________ 

Number of Shares as to which Option is exercised: _______________ 

Certificates to be issued in name of: _______________ 

Total exercise price: $______________ 

Cash, check, bank draft or money order delivered herewith: $______________ 

Value of ________ Shares delivered herewith: $______________ 

Regulation T Program (cashless exercise): $_____________ 

Value of _______ Shares pursuant to net exercise: $_____________ 

1

By this exercise, I agree
(i) to provide such additional documents as the Company may require pursuant to the terms of the Plan and (ii) to satisfy the
tax withholding obligations, if any, relating to the exercise of this Option as set forth in the Option Agreement.

Very truly yours,

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex10-16.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.16
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.16

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc.

RSU Award Grant Notice

(2025 Equity Incentive Plan)

Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.
(the Company) has awarded to you (the Participant) the number of restricted stock
units (the RSUs) specified and on the terms set forth below (the RSU Award) under
the Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan). Your RSU Award is subject to all
of the terms and conditions set forth in this RSU Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice), the RSU Award Agreement
(the Award Agreement) and the Plan, which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized
terms not explicitly defined in this Grant Notice but defined in the Award Agreement or the Plan will have the same definitions as in
the Award Agreement or the Plan, as applicable.

Participant: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Number of RSUs: 

Consideration: Participants Services 

VestingSchedule: Subject
to the Participants Continuous Service through each applicable vesting date, the RSU Award will vest as follows: [_____].

Issuance Schedule: One
share of Common Stock will be issued for each RSU which vests at the time set forth in Section 6 of the Award Agreement.

Participant
Acknowledgements: By your signature below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company,
you understand and agree that:

The RSU Award is governed by this Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan, all of which are made
a part of this document. Unless otherwise provided in the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Award Agreement may not be modified, amended
or revised except in a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company.

You consent to receive this Grant Notice, the Award Agreement, the Plan, the Prospectus and any other
Plan-related documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained
by the Company or another third party designated by the Company.

You have read and are familiar with the provisions of this Grant Notice, the Award Agreement, the Plan
and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in this Grant Notice, the Award Agreement or the Prospectus and
the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control.

As of the Date of Grant, this Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding
between you and the Company regarding the Award and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations
regarding the Award, with the exception of (i) other equity awards previously granted to you and Common Stock previously issued to
you; (ii) any applicable compensation recovery or clawback policy that is adopted by the Company or is required by Applicable Law;
and (iii) any written employment, offer letter, severance or other agreement, or any written severance plan or policy, in each case
that specifies the terms that should govern the Award.

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc. Participant:

By: 

Signature Signature

Title: Date: 

Date: 

Attachments: RSU Award Agreement, 2025 Equity Incentive Plan

2

Attachment
I

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc.

RSU Award Agreement

(2025
Equity Incentive Plan)

As reflected by your RSU Award
Grant Notice (Grant Notice) and this RSU Award Agreement (the Award Agreement),
Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) has granted you an RSU Award under the Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.
2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) for the number of restricted stock units (the RSUs)
as indicated in your Grant Notice (the RSU Award). Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Award
Agreement but defined in the Grant Notice or the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Grant Notice or Plan, as applicable.

The general terms applicable
to your RSU Award are as follows:

1. Governing
Plan Document. Your RSU Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, including but not limited to the provisions in:

(a) Section 6
of the Plan regarding the impact of a Capitalization Adjustment, dissolution, liquidation, or Corporate Transaction on your RSU Award;

(b) Section 9(e) of
the Plan regarding the Companys retained rights to terminate your Continuous Service notwithstanding the grant of the RSU Award;
and

(c) Section 8
of the Plan regarding certain tax consequences of your RSU Award.

Your RSU Award is further subject to all interpretations,
amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any
conflict between this Award Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control.

2. Grant
of the RSU Award. This RSU Award represents your right to be issued on a future date the number of shares of Common Stock that
is equal to the number of RSUs indicated in the Grant Notice as modified to reflect any Capitalization Adjustment and subject to your
satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth therein. Any additional RSUs that become subject to the RSU Award pursuant to Capitalization
Adjustments as set forth in the Plan and the provisions of Section 4 below, if any, will be subject, in a manner determined by the
Board, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other
RSUs covered by your RSU Award.

3. Vesting.
Your RSUs will vest, if at all, in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice, subject to the provisions contained
herein and the terms of the Plan. Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service.

1

4. Dividends.
You are entitled to receive payments equal to any cash dividends and other distributions paid with respect to a corresponding number of
shares of Common Stock to be issued in respect of the RSUs covered by your RSU Award. Any such dividends or distributions will be subject
to the same forfeiture restrictions as apply to the RSUs and will be paid at the same time that the corresponding shares are issued in
respect of your vested RSUs, provided, however that to the extent any such dividends or distributions are paid in shares of Common Stock,
then you will automatically be granted a corresponding number of additional RSUs subject to the RSU Award (the Dividend Units),
and further provided that such Dividend Units will be subject to the same forfeiture restrictions and restrictions on transferability,
and same timing requirements for issuance of shares, as apply to the RSUs subject to the RSU Award with respect to which the Dividend
Units relate.

5. Withholding
Obligations. As further provided in Section 8 of the Plan, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other
amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for, any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and
non-U.S. tax withholding obligations, if any, which arise in connection with your RSU Award (the Withholding Obligation)
in accordance with the withholding procedures established by the Company. Unless the Withholding Obligation is satisfied, the Company
will have no obligation to deliver to you any Common Stock in respect of the RSU Award. In the event the Withholding Obligation of the
Company arises prior to the delivery to you of Common Stock or it is determined after the delivery of Common Stock to you that the amount
of the Withholding Obligation was greater than the amount withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless
from any failure by the Company to withhold the proper amount.

6. Date
of Issuance.

(a) The
issuance of shares in respect of the RSUs is intended to comply with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and will be
construed and administered in such a manner. Subject to the satisfaction of the Withholding Obligation, if any, in the event one or more
RSUs vests, the Company will issue to you one share of Common Stock for each RSU (subject to any adjustment under Section 4 above,
and subject to any different provisions in the Grant Notice) that vests on the applicable vesting date(s) or on a later date as determined
by the Company but in no event later than the Issuance Deadline (as defined below).

(b) In
addition, the following provisions will apply to the extent applicable at a vesting date when shares of Common Stock are registered under
the Securities Act, unless otherwise determined by the Company. If:

(i) the
applicable vest date does not occur (1) during an open window period applicable to you, as determined by the Company
in accordance with the Companys then-effective policy on trading in Company securities, or (2) on a date when you are otherwise
permitted to sell shares of Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market (including but not limited to under a previously
established written trading plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act and was entered into in compliance
with the Companys policies (a 10b5-1 Arrangement) or under such other policy expressly approved by
the Company), and

2

(ii) either
(1) a Withholding Obligation does not apply, or (2) the Company decides, prior to the applicable vest date, (A) not to
satisfy the Withholding Obligation by withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares otherwise due to you under this Award, and (B) not
to permit you to enter into a same day sale commitment with a broker-dealer (including but not limited to a commitment
under a 10b5-1 Arrangement) and (C) not to permit you to pay your Withholding Obligation in cash,

then
the shares that would otherwise be issued to you on the applicable vest date will not be delivered on such applicable vest date and will
instead be delivered on the first business day when you are not prohibited from selling shares of Common Stock in the open public market
or on such other date determined by the Company, but in no event later than the Issuance Deadline.

The Issuance
Deadline means (a) December 31 of the calendar year in which the applicable vest date occurs (that is, the last
day of your taxable year in which the applicable vest date occurs), or (b) if and only if permitted in a manner that complies
with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), no later than the date that is the 15th day of the third calendar month of the
applicable year following the year in which the shares of Common Stock issuable as a result of the applicable vest date under this Award
are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(d).

7. Transferability.
Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, your RSU Award is not transferable, except by will or by the applicable laws of descent and
distribution.

8. Corporate
Transaction. Your RSU Award is subject to the terms of any agreement governing a Corporate Transaction involving the Company,
including, without limitation, a provision for the appointment of a stockholder representative that is authorized to act on your behalf
with respect to any escrow, indemnities and any contingent consideration.

9. No
Liability for Taxes. As a condition to accepting the RSU Award, you hereby (a) agree to not make any claim against the
Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from the RSU Award or other Company
compensation and (b) acknowledge that you were advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and other legal advisors
regarding the tax consequences of the RSU Award and have either done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so.

10. Severability.
If any part of this Award Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness
or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Award Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any
Section of this Award Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed
in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining
lawful and valid.

11. Other
Documents.You hereby acknowledge receipt of or the right to receive a document providing the information required
by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge
receipt of the Companys Trading Policy.

3

12. Questions.
If you have questions regarding these or any other terms and conditions applicable to your RSU Award, including a summary
of the applicable federal income tax consequences please see the Prospectus.

4

Attachment
II

2025
Equity Incentive Plan

1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.17
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex10-17.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.17
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.17

Tvardi
Therapeutics, Inc.

2025
Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Adopted
by the Board of Directors: February 6, 2025

Approved by the Stockholders: April 1, 2025

1.General;
Purpose.

(a) The
Plan provides a means by which Eligible Employees of the Company and certain Designated Companies may be given an opportunity to purchase
shares of Common Stock. The Plan permits the Company to grant a series of Purchase Rights to Eligible Employees under an Employee Stock
Purchase Plan. In addition, the Plan permits the Company to grant a series of Purchase Rights to Eligible Employees that do not meet the
requirements of an Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

(b) The
Plan includes two components: a 423 Component and a Non-423 Component. The Company intends (but makes no undertaking or representation
to maintain) the 423 Component to qualify as an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The provisions of the 423 Component, accordingly, will be
construed in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code. In addition, this Plan authorizes grants
of Purchase Rights under the Non-423 Component that do not meet the requirements of an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Except as otherwise
provided in the Plan or determined by the Board, the Non-423 Component will operate and be administered in the same manner as the 423
Component. In addition, the Company may make separate Offerings which vary in terms (provided that such terms are not inconsistent with
the provisions of the Plan or the requirements of an Employee Stock Purchase Plan to the extent the Offering is made under the 423 Component),
and the Company will designate which Designated Company is participating in each separate Offering.

(c) The
Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to retain the services of Eligible Employees, to secure and retain the services of new Employees
and to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and its Related Corporations.

2.Administration.

(a) The
Board will administer the Plan unless and until the Board delegates administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided
in Section 2(c). References herein to the Board shall be deemed to refer to the Committee except where context dictates otherwise.

(b) The
Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan:

(i)To
determine how and when Purchase Rights will be granted and the provisions of each Offering (which need not be identical).

(ii)To
designate from time to time (A) which Related Corporations will be eligible to participate in the Plan as Designated 423 Companies,
(B) which Related Corporations or Affiliates will be eligible to participate in the Plan as Designated Non-423 Companies, (C) which
Affiliates or Related Corporations may be excluded from participation in the Plan, and (D) which Designated Companies will participate
in each separate Offering (to the extent that the Company makes separate Offerings).

(iii)To
construe and interpret the Plan and Purchase Rights, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its administration.
The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan, in a manner and to the extent
it deems necessary or expedient to make the Plan fully effective.

(iv)To
settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Purchase Rights granted under the Plan.

(v)To
suspend or terminate the Plan at any time as provided in Section 12.

(vi)To
amend the Plan at any time as provided in Section 12.

(vii)Generally,
to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as it deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and
its Related Corporations and to carry out the intent that the Plan be treated as an Employee Stock Purchase Plan with respect to the
423 Component.

(viii)To
adopt such rules, procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit or facilitate participation in the Plan by Employees
who are non-U.S. nationals or employed or located outside the United States. Without limiting the generality of, and consistent with,
the foregoing, the Board specifically is authorized to adopt rules, procedures, and sub-plans regarding, without limitation, eligibility
to participate in the Plan, the definition of eligible earnings, handling and making of Contributions, establishment of
bank or trust accounts to hold Contributions, payment of interest, conversion of local currency, obligations to pay payroll tax, determination
of beneficiary designation requirements, withholding procedures and handling of share issuances, any of which may vary according to applicable
requirements, and which, if applicable to a Designated Non-423 Company, do not have to comply with the requirements of Section 423
of the Code.

(c) The
Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration is delegated to a Committee,
the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been
delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized
to exercise (and references in this Plan and any applicable Offering Document to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee),
subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board.
Further, to the extent not prohibited by Applicable Law, the Board or Committee may, from time to time, delegate some or all of its authority
under the Plan to one or more Officers or other persons or groups of persons as it deems necessary, appropriate or advisable under conditions
or limitations that it may set at or after the time of the delegation. The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the
Plan with the Committee (or its delegate) and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. Whether
or not the Board has delegated administration of the Plan to a Committee (or a delegate of the Committee), the Board will have the final
power to determine all questions of policy and expediency that may arise in the administration of the Plan.

(d) All
determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will
be final, binding and conclusive on all persons.

3.Shares
of Common Stock Subject to the Plan.

(a) Subject
to the provisions of Section 11(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that
may be issued under the Plan will not exceed 93,555 shares of Common Stock (the Initial Share Reserve), plus
the number of shares of Common Stock that are automatically added on January 1st of each year for a period of up to ten years, commencing
on January 1, 2026 and ending on (and including) January 1, 2035 in an amount equal to the lesser of (x) one percent
(1%) of the total number of shares of Fully Diluted Common Stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year, and
(y) a number of shares equal to three times the Initial Share Reserve. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may act prior to
the first day of any calendar year to provide that there will be no January 1st increase in the share reserve for such
calendar year or that the increase in the share reserve for such calendar year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock than
would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding sentence. For the avoidance of doubt, up to the maximum number of shares of Common Stock
reserved under this Section 3(a) may be used to satisfy purchases of Common Stock under the 423 Component and any remaining
portion of such maximum number of shares may be used to satisfy purchases of Common Stock under the Non-423 Component.

2

(b) If
any Purchase Right granted under the Plan terminates without having been exercised in full, the shares of Common Stock not purchased under
such Purchase Right will again become available for issuance under the Plan.

(c) The
stock purchasable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by
the Company on the open market.

4.Grant
of Purchase Rights; Offering.

(a) The
Board may from time to time grant or provide for the grant of Purchase Rights to Eligible Employees under an Offering (consisting of one
or more Purchase Periods) on an Offering Date or Offering Dates selected by the Board. Each Offering will be in such form and will contain
such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate, and with respect to the 423 Component, will comply with the requirement
of Section 423(b)(5) of the Code that all Employees granted Purchase Rights will have the same rights and privileges. The terms
and conditions of an Offering shall be incorporated by reference into the Plan and treated as part of the Plan. The provisions of separate
Offerings need not be identical, but each Offering will include (through incorporation of the provisions of this Plan by reference in
the document comprising the Offering or otherwise) the period during which the Offering will be effective, which period will not exceed
27 months beginning with the Offering Date, and the substance of the provisions contained in Sections 5 through 8, inclusive.

(b) If
a Participant has more than one Purchase Right outstanding under the Plan, unless such Participant otherwise indicates in forms delivered
to the Company or a third party designated by the Company (each, a Company Designee): (i) each form will
apply to all of such Participants Purchase Rights under the Plan, and (ii) a Purchase Right with a lower exercise price (or
an earlier-granted Purchase Right, if different Purchase Rights have identical exercise prices) will be exercised to the fullest possible
extent before a Purchase Right with a higher exercise price (or a later-granted Purchase Right if different Purchase Rights have identical
exercise prices) will be exercised.

(c)The
Board will have the discretion to structure an Offering so that if the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the first Trading
Day of a new Purchase Period within that Offering is less than or equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Offering
Date for that Offering, then (i) that Offering will terminate immediately as of that first Trading Day, and (ii) the Participants
in such terminated Offering will be automatically enrolled in a new Offering beginning on the first Trading Day of such new Purchase Period.

5.Eligibility.

(a)Purchase
Rights may be granted only to Employees of the Company or, as the Board may designate in accordance with Section 2(b), to Employees
of a Related Corporation or an Affiliate. Except as provided in Section 5(b) or as required by Applicable Law, an Employee will
not be eligible to be granted Purchase Rights unless, on the Offering Date, the Employee has been in the employ of the Company, the Related
Corporation or the Affiliate, as the case may be, for such continuous period preceding such Offering Date as the Board may (unless prohibited
by Applicable Law) require, but in no event will the required period of continuous employment be equal to or greater than two years. In
addition, the Board may provide (unless prohibited by Applicable Law) that no Employee will be eligible to be granted Purchase Rights
under the Plan unless, on the Offering Date, such Employees customary employment with the Company, the Related Corporation or the
Affiliate is more than 20 hours per week and more than five months per calendar year or such other criteria as the Board may determine
consistent with Section 423 of the Code with respect to the 423 Component. The Board may also exclude (unless prohibited by Applicable
Law) from participation in the Plan or any Offering Employees who are highly compensated employees (within the meaning of
Section 423(b)(4)(D) of the Code) of the Company, a Related Corporation or an Affiliate, or a subset of such highly compensated
employees.

3

(b) The
Board may provide that each person who, during the course of an Offering, first becomes an Eligible Employee will, on a date or dates
specified in the Offering which coincides with the day on which such person becomes an Eligible Employee or which occurs thereafter, receive
a Purchase Right under that Offering, which Purchase Right will thereafter be deemed to be a part of that Offering. Such Purchase Right
will have the same characteristics as any Purchase Rights originally granted under that Offering, as described herein, except that:

(i)the
date on which such Purchase Right is granted will be the Offering Date of such Purchase Right for all purposes, including
determination of the exercise price of such Purchase Right;

(ii)the
period of the Offering with respect to such Purchase Right will begin on its Offering Date and end coincident with the end of such Offering;
and

(iii)the
Board may provide that if such person first becomes an Eligible Employee within a specified period of time before the end of the Offering,
such individual will not receive any Purchase Right under that Offering.

(c)No
Employee will be eligible for the grant of any Purchase Rights under the 423 Component if, immediately after any such Purchase Rights
are granted, such Employee owns stock possessing five percent or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock
of the Company or of any Related Corporation. For purposes of this Section 5(c), the rules of Section 424(d) of the
Code will apply in determining the stock ownership of any Employee, and stock which such Employee may purchase under all outstanding Purchase
Rights and options will be treated as stock owned by such Employee.

(d)As
specified by Section 423(b)(8) of the Code, an Eligible Employee may be granted Purchase Rights under the 423 Component only
if such Purchase Rights, together with any other rights granted under all Employee Stock Purchase Plans of the Company and any Related
Corporations, do not permit such Eligible Employees rights to purchase stock of the Company or any Related Corporation to accrue
at a rate which, when aggregated, exceeds $25,000 of Fair Market Value of such stock (determined at the time such rights are granted,
and which, with respect to the Plan, will be determined as of their respective Offering Dates) for each calendar year in which such rights
are outstanding at any time.

(e)Officers
of the Company and any Designated Company, if they are otherwise Eligible Employees, will be eligible to participate in Offerings under
the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may (unless prohibited by Applicable Law) provide in an Offering that Employees who
are highly compensated Employees within the meaning of Section 423(b)(4)(D) of the Code will not be eligible to participate.

4

(f)Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 5 to the contrary, in the case of an Offering under the Non-423 Component, an Eligible Employee (or group
of Eligible Employees) may be excluded from participation in the Plan or an Offering if the Board has determined, in its sole discretion,
that participation of such Eligible Employee(s) is not advisable or practical for any reason.

6.Purchase
Rights; Purchase Price.

(a)On
each Offering Date, each Eligible Employee, pursuant to an Offering made under the Plan, will be granted a Purchase Right to purchase
up to that number of shares of Common Stock purchasable either with a percentage of earnings (as defined by the Board in each Offering)
or with a maximum dollar amount, as designated by the Board, but in either case not exceeding 15% of such Employees earnings (as
defined by the Board in each Offering), during the period that begins on the Offering Date (or such later date as the Board determines
for a particular Offering) and ends on the date stated in the Offering, which date will be no later than the end of the Offering.

(b)The
Board will establish one or more Purchase Dates during an Offering on which Purchase Rights granted for that Offering will be exercised
and shares of Common Stock will be purchased in accordance with such Offering.

(c)In
connection with each Offering made under the Plan, the Board may specify (i) a maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may
be purchased by any Participant on any Purchase Date during such Offering, (ii) a maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
that may be purchased by all Participants pursuant to such Offering and/or (iii) a maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock
that may be purchased by all Participants on any Purchase Date under the Offering. If the aggregate purchase of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of Purchase Rights granted under the Offering would exceed any such maximum aggregate number, then, in the absence
of any Board action otherwise, a pro rata (based on each Participants accumulated Contributions) allocation of the shares of Common
Stock (rounded down to the nearest whole share) available will be made in as nearly a uniform manner as will be practicable and equitable.

(d)The
purchase price of shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to Purchase Rights will be no less than the lesser of:

(i)an
amount equal to 85% of the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the Offering Date; or

(ii)an
amount equal to 85% of the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the applicable Purchase Date.

7.Participation;
Withdrawal; Termination.

(a)An
Eligible Employee may elect to participate in an Offering and authorize payroll deductions as the means of making Contributions by completing
and delivering to the Company or a Company Designee, within the time specified in the Offering, an enrollment form provided by the Company
or a Company Designee. The enrollment form will specify the amount of Contributions not to exceed the maximum amount specified by the
Board. Each Participants Contributions will be credited to a bookkeeping account for such Participant under the Plan and will be
deposited with the general funds of the Company except where Applicable Law requires that Contributions be deposited with a third party.
If permitted in the Offering, a Participant may begin such Contributions with the first payroll occurring on or after the Offering Date
(or, in the case of a payroll date that occurs after the end of the prior Offering but before the Offering Date of the next new Offering,
Contributions from such payroll will be included in the new Offering). If permitted in the Offering, a Participant may thereafter reduce
(including to zero) or increase such Participants Contributions. If required under Applicable Law or if specifically provided in
the Offering and to the extent permitted by Section 423 of the Code with respect to the 423 Component, in addition to or instead
of making Contributions by payroll deductions, a Participant may make Contributions through the payment by cash, check or wire transfer
prior to a Purchase Date.

5

(b)During
an Offering, a Participant may cease making Contributions and withdraw from the Offering by delivering to the Company or a Company Designee
a withdrawal form provided by the Company. The Company may impose a deadline before a Purchase Date for withdrawing. Upon such withdrawal,
such Participants Purchase Right in that Offering will immediately terminate and the Company will distribute as soon as practicable
to such Participant all of such Participants accumulated but unused Contributions and such Participants Purchase Right in
that Offering shall thereupon terminate. A Participants withdrawal from that Offering will have no effect upon such Participants
eligibility to participate in any other Offerings under the Plan, but such Participant will be required to deliver a new enrollment form
to participate in subsequent Offerings.

(c)Unless
otherwise required by Applicable Law, Purchase Rights granted pursuant to any Offering under the Plan will terminate immediately if the
Participant either (i) is no longer an Employee for any reason or for no reason (subject to any post-employment participation period
required by Applicable Law) or (ii) is otherwise no longer eligible to participate. The Company will distribute as soon as practicable
to such individual all of such individuals accumulated but unused Contributions.

(d)Unless
otherwise determined by the Board, a Participant whose employment transfers or whose employment terminates with an immediate rehire (with
no break in service) by or between the Company and a Designated Company or between Designated Companies will not be treated as having
terminated employment for purposes of participating in the Plan or an Offering; however, if a Participant transfers from an Offering under
the 423 Component to an Offering under the Non-423 Component, the exercise of the Participants Purchase Right will be qualified
under the 423 Component only to the extent such exercise complies with Section 423 of the Code. If a Participant transfers from an
Offering under the Non-423 Component to an Offering under the 423 Component, the exercise of the Purchase Right will remain non-qualified
under the Non-423 Component. The Board may establish different and additional rules governing transfers between separate Offerings
within the 423 Component and between Offerings under the 423 Component and Offerings under the Non-423 Component.

(e)During
a Participants lifetime, Purchase Rights will be exercisable only by such Participant. Purchase Rights are not transferable by
a Participant, except by will, by the laws of descent and distribution, or, if permitted by the Company, by a beneficiary designation
as described in Section 10.

(f)Unless
otherwise specified in the Offering or required by Applicable Law, the Company will have no obligation to pay interest on Contributions.

8.Exercise
of Purchase Rights.

(a)On
each Purchase Date, each Participants accumulated Contributions will be applied to the purchase of shares of Common Stock, up to
the maximum number of shares of Common Stock permitted by the Plan and the applicable Offering, at the purchase price specified in the
Offering. No fractional shares will be issued unless specifically provided for in the Offering.

(b)Unless
otherwise provided in the Offering, if any amount of accumulated Contributions remains in a Participants account after the purchase
of shares of Common Stock and such remaining amount is less than the amount required to purchase one share of Common Stock on the final
Purchase Date of an Offering, then such remaining amount will be held in such Participants account for the purchase of shares of
Common Stock under the next Offering under the Plan, unless such Participant withdraws from or is not eligible to participate in such
next Offering, in which case such amount will be distributed to such Participant after the final Purchase Date without interest (unless
the payment of interest is otherwise required by Applicable Law). If the amount of Contributions remaining in a Participants account
after the purchase of shares of Common Stock is at least equal to the amount required to purchase one (1) whole share of Common Stock
on the final Purchase Date of an Offering, then such remaining amount will be distributed in full to such Participant after the final
Purchase Date of such Offering without interest (unless otherwise required by Applicable Law).

6

(c)No
Purchase Rights may be exercised to any extent unless the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon such exercise under the Plan are covered
by an effective registration statement pursuant to the Securities Act and the Plan is in material compliance with all applicable U.S.
and non-U.S. federal, state and other securities, exchange control and other laws applicable to the Plan. If on a Purchase Date the shares
of Common Stock are not so registered or the Plan is not in such compliance, no Purchase Rights will be exercised on such Purchase Date,
and, subject to Section 423 of the Code with respect to the 423 Component, the Purchase Date will be delayed until the shares of
Common Stock are subject to such an effective registration statement and the Plan is in material compliance, except that the Purchase
Date will in no event be more than 27 months from the Offering Date. If, on the Purchase Date, as delayed to the maximum extent permissible,
the shares of Common Stock are not registered and the Plan is not in material compliance with all Applicable Laws, as determined by the
Company in its sole discretion, no Purchase Rights will be exercised and all accumulated but unused Contributions will be distributed
to the Participants without interest (unless the payment of interest is otherwise required by Applicable Law).

9.Covenants
of the Company.

The Company will seek to obtain
from each U.S. and non-U.S. federal, state or other regulatory commission, agency or other Governmental Body having jurisdiction over
the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Purchase Rights and issue and sell shares of Common Stock thereunder unless the Company
determines, in its sole discretion, that doing so is not practical or would cause the Company to incur costs that are unreasonable. If,
after commercially reasonable efforts, the Company is unable to obtain the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for
the grant of Purchase Rights or the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, and at a commercially reasonable cost, the
Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to grant Purchase Rights and/or to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of
such Purchase Rights.

10.Designation
of Beneficiary.

(a)The
Company may, but is not obligated to, permit a Participant to submit a form designating a beneficiary who will receive any shares of Common
Stock and/or Contributions from the Participants account under the Plan if the Participant dies before such shares and/or Contributions
are delivered to the Participant. The Company may, but is not obligated to, permit the Participant to change such designation of beneficiary.
Any such designation and/or change must be on a form approved by the Company.

(b)If
a Participant dies, and in the absence of a valid beneficiary designation, the Company will deliver any shares of Common Stock and/or
Contributions to the executor or administrator of the estate of the Participant. If no executor or administrator has been appointed (to
the knowledge of the Company), the Company, in its sole discretion, may deliver such shares of Common Stock and/or Contributions, without
interest (unless the payment of interest is otherwise required by Applicable Law), to the Participants spouse, dependents or relatives,
or if no spouse, dependent or relative is known to the Company, then to such other person as the Company may designate.

7

11.Adjustments
upon Changes in Common Stock; Corporate Transactions.

(a)In
the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum
number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities by which
the share reserve is to increase automatically each year pursuant to Section 3(a), (iii) the class(es) and number of securities
subject to, and the purchase price applicable to outstanding Offerings and Purchase Rights, and (iv) the class(es) and number of
securities that are the subject of the purchase limits under each ongoing Offering. The Board will make these adjustments, and its determination
will be final, binding and conclusive.

(b)In
the event of a Corporate Transaction, then: (i) any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring
corporations parent company) may assume or continue outstanding Purchase Rights or may substitute similar rights (including a right
to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders in the Corporate Transaction) for outstanding Purchase Rights, or (ii) if
any surviving or acquiring corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such Purchase Rights or does not substitute
similar rights for such Purchase Rights, then the Participants accumulated Contributions will be used to purchase shares of Common
Stock (rounded down to the nearest whole share) within ten business days (or such other period specified by the Board) prior to the Corporate
Transaction under the outstanding Purchase Rights, and the Purchase Rights will terminate immediately after such purchase.

12.Amendment,
Termination or Suspension of the Plan.

(a)The
Board may amend the Plan at any time in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable. However, except as provided in Section 11(a) relating
to Capitalization Adjustments, stockholder approval will be required for any amendment of the Plan for which stockholder approval is required
by Applicable Law.

(b)The
Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Purchase Rights may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after
it is terminated.

(c)Any
benefits, privileges, entitlements and obligations under any outstanding Purchase Rights granted before an amendment, suspension or termination
of the Plan will not be materially impaired by any such amendment, suspension or termination except (i) with the consent of the person
to whom such Purchase Rights were granted, (ii) as necessary to facilitate compliance with any laws, listing requirements, or governmental
regulations (including, without limitation, the provisions of Section 423 of the Code and the regulations and other interpretive
guidance issued thereunder relating to Employee Stock Purchase Plans) including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance
that may be issued or amended after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, or (iii) as necessary to obtain or maintain favorable
tax, listing, or regulatory treatment. To be clear, the Board may amend outstanding Purchase Rights without a Participants consent
if such amendment is necessary to ensure that the Purchase Right and/or the Plan complies with the requirements of Section 423 of
the Code with respect to the 423 Component or with respect to other Applicable Laws. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any Offering
Document to the contrary, the Board will be entitled to: (i) establish the exchange ratio applicable to amounts withheld in a currency
other than U.S. dollars; (ii) permit Contributions in excess of the amount designated by a Participant in order to adjust for mistakes
in the Companys processing of properly completed Contribution elections; (iii) establish reasonable waiting and adjustment
periods and/or accounting and crediting procedures to ensure that amounts applied toward the purchase of Common Stock for each Participant
properly correspond with amounts withheld from the Participants Contributions; (iv) amend any outstanding Purchase Rights
or clarify any ambiguities regarding the terms of any Offering to enable the Purchase Rights to qualify under and/or comply with Section 423
of the Code with respect to the 423 Component; and (v) establish other limitations or procedures as the Board determines in its sole
discretion advisable that are consistent with the Plan. The actions of the Board pursuant to this paragraph will not be considered to
alter or impair any Purchase Rights granted under an Offering as they are part of the initial terms of each Offering and the Purchase
Rights granted under each Offering.

8

13.Tax
Qualification; Tax Withholding.

(a) Although
the Company may endeavor to (i) qualify a Purchase Right for special tax treatment under the laws of the United States or jurisdictions
outside of the United States or (ii) avoid adverse tax treatment, the Company makes no representation to that effect and expressly
disavows any covenant to maintain special or to avoid unfavorable tax treatment, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan. 
The Company will be unconstrained in its corporate activities without regard to the potential negative tax impact on Participants.

(b) Each
Participant will make arrangements, satisfactory to the Company and any applicable Related Corporation, to enable the Company or the Related
Corporation to fulfill any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items. Without limitation to the foregoing, in the Companys sole
discretion and subject to Applicable Law, such withholding obligation may be satisfied in whole or in part by (i) withholding from
the Participants salary or any other cash payment due to the Participant from the Company or a Related Corporation; (ii) withholding
from the proceeds of the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, either through a voluntary sale or a mandatory sale arranged
by the Company; or (iii) any other method deemed acceptable by the Board. The Company shall not be required to issue any shares of
Common Stock under the Plan until such obligations are satisfied.

(c)The
423 Component is exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code, and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted to so be
exempt from Section 409A of the Code. The Non-423 Component is intended to be exempt from the application of Section 409A of
the Code under the short-term deferral exception and any ambiguities shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent.
In furtherance of the foregoing and notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, if the Committee determines that an option
granted under the Plan may be subject to Section 409A of the Code or that any provision in the Plan would cause an option under the
Plan to be subject to Section 409A, the Committee may amend the terms of the Plan and/or of an outstanding option granted under the
Plan, or take such other action the Committee determines is necessary or appropriate, in each case, without the Participants consent,
to exempt any outstanding option or future option that may be granted under the Plan from or to allow any such options to comply with
Section 409A of the Code, but only to the extent any such amendments or action by the Committee would not violate Section 409A
of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have no liability to a Participant or any other party if the option under
the Plan that is intended to be exempt from or compliant with Section 409A of the Code is not so exempt or compliant or for any action
taken by the Committee with respect thereto.

14.Effective
Date of Plan.

The Plan will become effective
immediately prior to and contingent upon the Effective Date. No Purchase Rights will be exercised unless and until the Plan has been approved
by the stockholders of the Company, which approval must be within 12 months before or after the date the Plan is adopted (or if required
under Section 12(a) above, materially amended) by the Board.

9

15.Miscellaneous
Provisions.

(a)Proceeds
from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Purchase Rights will constitute general funds of the Company.

(b)A
Participant will not be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, shares of Common Stock subject
to Purchase Rights unless and until the Participants shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of Purchase Rights are recorded
in the books of the Company (or its transfer agent).

(c)The
Plan and Offering do not constitute an employment contract. Nothing in the Plan or in the Offering will in any way alter the at will nature
of a Participants employment or amend a Participants employment contract, if applicable, or be deemed to create in any way
whatsoever any obligation on the part of any Participant to continue in the employ of the Company or a Related Corporation or an Affiliate,
or on the part of the Company, a Related Corporation or an Affiliate to continue the employment of a Participant.

(d)The
provisions of the Plan will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without resort to that states conflict of laws rules.

(e)If
any particular provision of the Plan is found to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such provision will not affect the other provisions
of the Plan, but the Plan will be construed in all respects as if such invalid provision were omitted.

(f)If
any provision of the Plan does not comply with Applicable Law, such provision shall be construed in such a manner as to comply with Applicable
Law.

16.Definitions.

As used in the Plan, the following
definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below:

(a)423
Component means the part of the Plan, which excludes the Non-423 Component, pursuant to which Purchase Rights that satisfy
the requirements for an Employee Stock Purchase Plan may be granted to Eligible Employees.

(b)Affiliate
means any entity, other than a Related Corporation, whether now or subsequently established, which is at the time of determination, a
parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities
Act. The Board may determine the time or times at which parent or subsidiary status is determined within the
foregoing definition.

(c)Applicable
Law means the Code and any applicable U.S. and non-U.S. securities, exchange control,
tax, federal, state, material local or municipal or other law, statute, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance,
code, edict, decree, rule, listing rule, regulation, judicial decision, ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented
or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Body (or under the authority of the New York Stock Exchange,
Nasdaq Stock Market or the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority).

(d)Board
means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(e)Capitalization
Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the
Plan or subject to any Purchase Right after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board without the receipt of consideration by the Company
through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash,
large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure
or other similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification
Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will
not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment.

10

(f)Code
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder.

(g)Committee
means a committee of one or more members of the Board to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c).

(h)Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company.

(i)Company
means Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

(j)Contributions
means the payroll deductions and other additional payments specifically provided for in the Offering that a Participant contributes to
fund the exercise of a Purchase Right. A Participant may make additional payments into his or her account if specifically provided for
in the Offering, and then only if the Participant has not already had the maximum permitted amount withheld during the Offering through
payroll deductions and, with respect to the 423 Component, to the extent permitted by Section 423.

(k)Corporate
Transaction means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more
of the following events:

(i)a
sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of
the Company and its subsidiaries;

(ii)a
sale or other disposition of more than 50% of the outstanding securities of the Company;

(iii)a
merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or

(iv)a
merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding
immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation
or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise.

(l)Designated
423 Company means any Related Corporation selected by the Board as participating in the 423 Component.

(m)Designated
Company means any Designated Non-423 Company or Designated 423 Company, provided, however, that at any given time, a Related
Corporation participating in the 423 Component shall not be a Related Corporation participating in the Non-423 Component.

(n)Designated
Non-423 Company means any Related Corporation or Affiliate selected by the Board as participating in the Non-423 Component.

11

(o)Director
means a member of the Board.

(p)Effective
Date means the effective date of this Plan, which is the date of the closing of the transactions contemplated by Merger
Agreement.

(q)Effective
Time shall have the meaning set forth in the Merger Agreement.

(r)Eligible
Employee means an Employee who meets the requirements set forth in the document(s) governing the Offering for eligibility
to participate in the Offering, provided that such Employee also meets the requirements for eligibility to participate set forth in the
Plan.

(s)Employee
means any person, including an Officer or Director, who is employed for purposes of Section 423(b)(4) of the Code
by the Company or a Related Corporation or solely with respect to the Non-423 Component, an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director,
or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan.

(t)Employee
Stock Purchase Plan means a plan that grants Purchase Rights intended to be options issued under an employee stock
purchase plan, as that term is defined in Section 423(b) of the Code.

(u)Exchange
Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(v)Fair
Market Value means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as follows:

(i)If
the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value of a share of
Common Stock will be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such
exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of determination,
as reported in such source as the Board deems reliable. Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price for
the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price on the last preceding date for
which such quotation exists.

(ii)In
the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith in compliance with
Applicable Laws and regulations and, to the extent applicable as determined in the sole discretion of the Board, in a manner that complies
with Sections 409A of the Code.

(w)Fully
Diluted Common Stock means the number of shares of Common Stock, determined as of the applicable time of measurement, equal
to the sum of (i) the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and (ii) the total number of shares of Common
Stock subject to securities that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock (whether vested or unvested).

(x)Governmental
Body means any: (i) nation, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality, district or other jurisdiction
of any nature; (ii) U.S. or non-U.S. federal, state, local, municipal or other government; (iii) governmental
or regulatory body, or quasi-governmental body of any nature (including any governmental division, department, administrative agency or
bureau, commission, authority, instrumentality, official, ministry, fund, foundation, center, organization, unit, body or entity and any
court or other tribunal, and for the avoidance of doubt, any tax authority) or other body exercising similar powers or authority; or (iv) self-regulatory
organization (including the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Stock Market and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority).

12

(y)Merger
Agreement means that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of December 17, 2024, by and
among Cara Therapeutics, Inc., CT Convergence Merger Sub, Inc. and Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

(z)Non-423
Component means the part of the Plan, which excludes the 423 Component, pursuant to which Purchase Rights that are not
intended to satisfy the requirements for an Employee Stock Purchase Plan may be granted to Eligible Employees.

(aa)Offering
means the grant to Eligible Employees of Purchase Rights, with the exercise of those Purchase Rights automatically occurring at the end
of one or more Purchase Periods. The terms and conditions of an Offering will generally be set forth in the Offering Document
approved by the Board for that Offering.

(bb)Offering
Date means a date selected by the Board for an Offering to commence.

(cc)Officer
means a person who is an officer of the Company or a Related Corporation within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

(dd)Participant
means an Eligible Employee who holds an outstanding Purchase Right.

(ee)Plan
means this Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. 2025 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended from time to time, including both the 423 Component
and the Non-423 Component.

(ff)Purchase
Date means one or more dates during an Offering selected by the Board on which Purchase Rights will be exercised and on
which purchases of shares of Common Stock will be carried out in accordance with such Offering.

(gg)Purchase
Period means a period of time specified within an Offering, generally beginning on the Offering Date or on the first Trading
Day following a Purchase Date, and ending on a Purchase Date. An Offering may consist of one or more Purchase Periods.

(hh)Purchase
Right means an option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan.

(ii)Related
Corporation means any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation of the Company whether now
or subsequently established, as those terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f), respectively, of the Code.

(jj)Securities
Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

(kk)Tax-Related
Items means any income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefit tax, payment on account or other tax-related
items arising out of or in relation to a Participants participation in the Plan, including, but not limited to, the exercise of
a Purchase Right and the receipt of shares of Common Stock or the sale or other disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired under the
Plan.

(ll)Trading
Day means any day on which the exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of Common Stock are listed, including
but not limited to the New York Stock Exchange, Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market or any
successors thereto, is open for trading.

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-14.1
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex14-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 14.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 14.1

tvardi
THERAPEUTICAS, INC.

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS

Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company)
is committed to creating an environment where we are able to do our best work while maintaining the highest standards of business conduct
and ethics. This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code of Conduct) reflects the business practices
and principles of behavior that support this commitment. We expect every director, officer and employee (collectively, personnel)
to read and understand the Code of Conduct and its application to the performance of his or her business responsibilities.

The Code of Conduct addresses conduct that is
particularly important to proper dealings with the people and entities with whom we interact, but reflects only a part of our commitment.
From time to time we may adopt additional policies or procedures with which our personnel are expected to comply, if applicable to them.
Where there is no stated guideline in the Code of Conduct or otherwise, it is the responsibility of each employee to apply common sense,
together with his or her own highest personal ethical standards, in making business decisions.

YOU SHOULD NOT HESITATE TO ASK QUESTIONS ABOUT
WHETHER ANY CONDUCT MAY VIOLATE THIS CODE, VOICE CONCERNS OR CLARIFY GRAY AREAS. SECTION 19 BELOW DETAILS THE COMPLIANCE RESOURCES
AVAILABLE TO YOU. IN ADDITION, YOU SHOULD BE ALERT TO POSSIBLE VIOLATIONS OF THIS CODE BY OTHERS AND REPORT SUSPECTED VIOLATIONS, WITHOUT
FEAR OF ANY FORM OF RETALIATION. Violations of this Code will not be tolerated. Any employee who violates the standards in this Code
may be subject to disciplinary action, which, depending on the nature of the violation and the history of the employee, may range from
a warning or reprimand to and including termination of employment and, in appropriate cases, civil legal action or referral for regulatory
or criminal prosecution.

After carefully reviewing this Code, you must
sign the acknowledgment attached as Exhibit A hereto, indicating that you have received, read, understand and agree
to comply with this Code. The acknowledgment must be returned either electronically in a manner provided for by the Company or to the
person designated as the Companys Chief Compliance Officer or such Chief Compliance Officers designee within ten (10) business
days of your receipt of this Code and on an annual basis as the Company may require.

1.HONEST
AND ETHICAL CONDUCT

It is our policy to promote high standards of
integrity by conducting our affairs in an honest and ethical manner. The integrity and reputation of the Company depends on the honesty,
fairness and integrity brought to the job by each person associated with us. Unyielding personal integrity is the foundation of corporate
integrity.

2.LEGAL
COMPLIANCE

Obeying the law is the foundation of the Code
of Conduct. Our success depends upon our personnel operating within legal guidelines and cooperating with local, national and international
authorities. We expect our personnel to understand the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to their business units and areas
of responsibility. We hold periodic training sessions to ensure that all employees comply with the relevant laws, rules and regulations
associated with their employment, including laws prohibiting insider trading. While we do not expect you to memorize every detail of these
laws, rules and regulations, we want you to be able to determine when to seek advice from others. If you have a question about legal
compliance, you must seek an answer from your supervisor or the Chief Compliance Officer.

1

Disregard of the law will not be tolerated. Violation
of laws, rules and regulations of any country may subject an individual, as well as the Company, to civil and/or criminal penalties.
You should be aware that conduct and records, including emails, are subject to internal and external audits and to discovery by third
parties in the event of a government investigation or civil litigation. It is in everyones best interests to know and comply with
our legal obligations.

a.Insider
Trading

Personnel who have access to confidential (or inside)
information are not permitted to use or share that information for stock trading purposes or for any other purpose except to conduct our
business. All non- public information about the Company or about companies with which we do business is considered confidential information.
To use material non-public information in connection with buying or selling securities, including tipping others who might
make an investment decision on the basis of this information, is not only unethical, it is illegal. You must exercise the utmost care
when handling material inside information. Please refer to the Companys Insider Trading Policy for more detailed information.

b.International
Business Laws

Our personnel are expected to comply with the
applicable laws in all countries to which they travel, in which they operate and where we otherwise do business, including laws prohibiting
bribery, corruption or the conduct of business with specified individuals, companies or countries. The fact that, in some countries, certain
laws are not enforced or that violation of those laws is not subject to public criticism is not an excuse for noncompliance. We expect
our personnel to comply with U.S. laws, rules and regulations governing the conduct of business by its citizens and corporations
outside the U.S.

These U.S. laws, rules and regulations, which
extend to all our activities outside the U.S., include:

The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA),
which prohibits directly or indirectly giving anything of value to a government official to obtain or retain business or favorable treatment
and requires the maintenance of accurate books of account, with all company transactions being properly recorded;

U.S. Embargoes, which generally prohibit U.S. companies, their subsidiaries
and their employees from doing business with, or traveling to, countries subject to sanctions imposed by the U.S. government (currently,
Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, and the Crimea, so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, and so-called Luhansk Peoples
Republic regions in Ukraine), as well as doing business with specific companies and individuals identified on lists published by the U.S.
Treasury Department;

U.S. Export Controls, which restrict exports from the U.S. and re-exports
from other countries of goods, software and technology to many countries, and prohibit transfers of U.S.-origin items to denied persons
and entities; and

Antiboycott Regulations, which prohibit U.S. companies from taking any action
that has the effect of furthering or supporting a restrictive trade practice or boycott imposed by a foreign country against a country
friendly to the U.S. or against any U.S. person.

2

We have adopted a standalone Anti-Corruption
Policy, which provides guidance regarding compliance with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws, as well as rules regarding interactions
with, government officials. If you have a question as to whether an activity is restricted or prohibited, please ask before taking any
action, including giving any verbal assurances that might be regulated by international laws.

c.Antitrust
Laws

Antitrust laws are designed to protect the competitive
process and impose severe penalties for certain types of violations, including criminal penalties. These laws are based on the premise
that the public interest is best served by vigorous competition and will suffer from illegal agreements or collusion among competitors.
These laws generally prohibit:

formal or informal agreements with competitors that harm competition or
customers, including price fixing and allocations of customers, territories or contracts;

formal or informal agreements that establish or fix the price at which a
customer may resell a product; and

the acquisition or maintenance of a monopoly or attempted monopoly through
anti-competitive conduct.

Certain kinds of information, such as our strategies, pipeline products,
commercial intentions, and identification of potential partnerships and collaborations, pricing, production, inventory, business plans,
budgets, projections, forecasts, financial and operating information, methods and development plans, should not be exchanged with competitors,
regardless of how innocent or casual the exchange may be and regardless of the setting, whether business or social.

Antitrust laws impose severe penalties for certain
types of violations, including criminal penalties and potential fines and damages of millions of dollars, which may be tripled under certain
circumstances. Understanding the requirements of antitrust and unfair competition laws of the various jurisdictions where we do business
can be difficult, and you are urged to seek assistance from your supervisor or the Chief Compliance Officer whenever you have a question
relating to these laws.

d.Lawsuits
and Legal Proceedings

The Company complies with all laws and regulations
regarding the preservation of records. Lawsuits, legal proceedings, and investigations concerning the Company must be handled promptly
and properly. An employee must approach the Companys Chief Compliance Officer immediately if he or she receives a court order or
a court issued document, or notice of a threatened lawsuit, legal proceeding, or investigation. A legal hold suspends all document destruction
procedures in order to preserve appropriate records under special circumstances, such as litigation or government investigations. When
there is a legal hold in place, employees may not alter, destroy, or discard documents relevant to the lawsuit, legal proceeding
or investigation. The Companys Chief Compliance Officer determines and identifies what types of records or documents are required
to be placed under a legal hold and will notify employees if a legal hold is placed on records for which they are responsible. If any
personnel is involved on the Companys behalf in a lawsuit or other legal dispute, he or she must avoid discussing it with anyone
inside or outside of the Company without prior approval of the Companys Chief Compliance Officer. Personnel and their managers
are required to cooperate fully with Legal in the course of any lawsuit, legal proceeding, or investigation.

3

e.Environmental
Compliance

Federal law imposes criminal liability on any
person or company that contaminates the environment with any hazardous substance that could cause injury to the community or environment.
Violation of environmental laws can involve monetary fines and imprisonment. We expect employees to comply with all applicable environmental
laws.

3.FAIR
DEALING

We strive to outperform our competition fairly
and honestly. Advantages over our competitors are to be obtained through superior performance of our services, not through unethical or
illegal business practices. Acquiring proprietary information from others through improper means, possessing trade secret information
that was improperly obtained, or inducing improper disclosure of confidential information from past or present employees of other companies
is prohibited, even if motivated by an intention to advance our interests. If information is obtained by mistake that may constitute a
trade secret or other confidential information of another business, or if you have any questions about the legality of proposed information
gathering, you must consult your supervisor or the Chief Compliance Officer, as further described in Section 10.

You are expected to deal fairly with our partners,
suppliers, contributors, employees and anyone else with whom you have contact in the course of performing your job. Be aware that the
Federal Trade Commission Act provides that unfair methods of competition in commerce, and unfair or deceptive acts or practices
in commerce, are declared unlawful. It is a violation of the Act to engage in deceptive, unfair or unethical practices and to make
misrepresentations in connection with sales activities.

4.CONFLICTS
OF INTEREST

Our personnel are required to avoid any conflict
or potential conflict between their personal interests (including those of their significant others and immediate family) and the best
interests of the Company. For example:

Tell us about any potential conflicts you have. For example, conflicts
may arise when you, a significant other, or a member of your immediate family has a connection to one of the Companys competitors
or collaborators.

Do not establish or hold a significant financial interest in, or provide
services to, any of our competitors, customers, partners or service providers. For example, you cannot advise or serve on the board
for a Company competitor, even if you are not compensated for your work. You cannot make a significant investment in one of our competitors,
either. A financial interest that exceeds $50,000 is presumed to be significant.

Do not conduct business on behalf of the Company if you have a personal
stake in the outcome (other than the compensation you receive from the Company). For example, employees should not transact business
on behalf of the Company with a company with which they have a financial interest. Material related-party transactions involving any executive
officer or director must be publicly disclosed as required by applicable laws and regulations.

Do not solicit contributions for any charity or political candidate from
any person or entity that does business or seeks to do business with us.

4

Please note that the examples listed above extend
to conflicts involving the personal interests of your family members and significant others. In addition, please note that all loans and
guarantees by the Company must be approved in advance by the Board of Directors or the Audit Committee because of the potential for conflicts
of interest.

If you have any questions about a potential conflict
or if you become aware of an actual or potential conflict, and you are not an officer or director of the Company, you should discuss the
matter with your supervisor or the Chief Compliance Officer (as further described in Section 10). Supervisors may not authorize conflict
of interest matters or make determinations as to whether a problematic conflict of interest exists without first seeking the approval
of the Chief Compliance Officer and providing the Chief Compliance Officer with a description of the activity. If the supervisor is involved
in the potential or actual conflict, you should discuss the matter directly with the Chief Compliance Officer. Officers and directors
may seek authorizations and determinations from the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Factors that may be considered in evaluating
a potential conflict of interest are, among others: (i) whether it may interfere with the personnels job performance, responsibilities
or morale; (ii) whether the personnel has access to confidential information; (iii) whether it may interfere with the job performance,
responsibilities or morale of others within the organization; (iv) any potential adverse or beneficial impact on our business; (v) any
potential adverse or beneficial impact on our relationships with our customers or suppliers or other service providers; (vi) whether
it would enhance or support a competitors position; (vii) the extent to which it would result in financial or other benefit
(direct or indirect) to the personnel; (viii) the extent to which it would result in financial or other benefit (direct or indirect)
to one of our customers, suppliers or other service providers; and (ix) the extent to which it would appear improper to an outside
observer.

With respect to executive officers and directors
of the company, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the only action or relationship that shall be deemed a conflict is one
that meets the requirement for disclosure in the companys periodic filings with the SEC pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K
(Related Party Transactions). Related Party Transactions shall be approved by the Audit Committee as required
by applicable laws and regulations, and provided such approval is obtained in advance and such transactions are publicly disclosed, such
approval shall not be deemed a waiver of this Code.

5.CORPORATE
OPPORTUNITIES

You may not take personal advantage of opportunities
for the Company that are presented to you or discovered by you as a result of your position with us or through your use of corporate property
or information. Even opportunities that are acquired privately by you may be questionable if they are related to our existing or proposed
lines of business. You may not use your position with us or corporate property or information for improper personal gain, nor should you
compete with us in any way.

6.CONDUCT
OF SENIOR FINANCIAL PERSONNEL

Our
Finance and Accounting Department has a special responsibility to promote integrity throughout the organization, with responsibilities
to stakeholders both inside and outside of the Company. As such, the Board of Directors requires that the Chief Executive Officer and
senior personnel in our Finance and Accounting Department adhere to the following ethical principles and accept the obligation to foster
a culture throughout the Company as a whole that ensures the accurate and timely reporting of the Companys financial results and
condition.

5

Because of this special role,
we require that the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and any other people performing similar functions (Senior
Financial Employees):

Act with honesty and integrity and use due care and diligence in performing his or her responsibilities
to the Company.

Avoid situations that represent actual or apparent conflicts of interest with his or her responsibilities
to the Company, and disclose promptly to the Audit Committee, any transaction or personal or professional relationship that reasonably
could be expected to give rise to such an actual or apparent conflict. Without limiting the foregoing, and for the sake of avoiding an
implication of impropriety, Senior Financial Employees will not:

o accept any material gift or other gratuitous benefit from a customer, business partner, supplier or vendor
of products or services, including professional services, (this prohibition is not intended to preclude ordinary course entertainment
or similar social events); or

o except with the approval of the disinterested members of the Board of Directors, directly invest in any
privately-held company that is a customer, business partner, supplier or vendor of the Company where the Senior Financial Employee, either
directly or through people in his or her chain of command, has responsibility or ability to affect or implement the Companys relationship
with the other company.

Provide constituents with information that is accurate, complete, objective, relevant, timely and understandable,
including information for inclusion in the Companys submissions to governmental agencies or in public statements.

Comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations of federal, state and local governments, and of any
applicable public or private regulatory and listing authorities.

Achieve responsible use of and control over all assets and resources entrusted to each Senior Financial
Employee.

7.CREATING
A RESPECTFUL ENVIRONMENT

We have zero tolerance for
any type of discrimination or harassment. We are proud to promote a culture and workplace where every single employee thrives and grows.
If an employee believes there has been a violation of this policy, they should immediately report the situation to the Chief Compliance
Officer so that an immediate investigation can be conducted. We expect everyone to treat each other with respect and dignity. Everyone
is entitled to a work environment that is free of unlawful discrimination and harassment.

We are an equal opportunity
employer. We do not unlawfully discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of gender, race, color, religion, age,
citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, physical or
mental disability or condition, or any other protected class under applicable federal, state, or local laws. We also prohibit unlawful
discrimination based on the perception that anyone has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived
as having any of those characteristics.

We are committed to maintaining
a respectful workplace, which includes a working environment that is free from unlawful harassment. This policy applies to all work-related
settings and activities, whether inside or outside the workplace, and includes business trips and business-related social events. If an
employee believes that there has been a violation of this policy, he or she must report the possible violation to the Chief Compliance
Officer.

6

8.GIFTS
AND ENTERTAINMENT

Business gifts and entertainment are meant to
create goodwill and sound working relationships and not to gain improper advantage with partners or customers or facilitate approvals
from government officials. The exchange, as a normal business courtesy, of meals or entertainment (such as tickets to a game or the theater
or a round of golf) is a common and acceptable practice as long as it is not extravagant. Unless express permission is received from a
supervisor, the Chief Compliance Officer or the Audit Committee, gifts and entertainment cannot be offered, provided or accepted by any
personnel unless consistent with customary business practices and not (a) of more than U.S. $250.00 in monetary value, (b) in
cash, (c) susceptible of being construed as a bribe or kickback, (d) made or received on a regular or frequent basis or (e) in
violation of any laws. This principle applies to our transactions everywhere in the world, even where the practice is widely considered
a way of doing business. Personnel should not accept gifts or entertainment that may reasonably be deemed to affect their
judgment or actions in the performance of their duties. Our partners, suppliers, contributors, consumers and the public at large should
know that our employees judgment is not for sale.

Under some statutes, such as the U.S. Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act (further described in Section 2), giving anything of value to a government official to obtain or retain business
or favorable treatment is a criminal act subject to prosecution and conviction. Discuss with your supervisor or the Chief Compliance Officer
any proposed entertainment or gifts if you are uncertain about their appropriateness.

9.PROTECTION
AND PROPER USE OF COMPANY ASSETS

All personnel are expected
to protect the Companys assets and ensure their efficient use. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct impact on our financial
and operational performance. Our property, such as office supplies, computer equipment, and buildings, are expected to be used only for
legitimate business purposes, although incidental personal use may be permitted. You may not, however, use our corporate name, any brand
name or trademark owned or associated with the Company or any letterhead stationery for any personal purpose.

You may not, while acting
on behalf of the Company or while using our computing or communications equipment or facilities, either:

access the internal computer system (also known as hacking) or other resource of another
entity without express written authorization from the entity responsible for operating that resource; or

commit any unlawful or illegal act, including harassment, libel, fraud, sending of unsolicited bulk email
(also known as spam) or material of objectionable content in violation of applicable law, trafficking in contraband of any
kind or any kind of espionage.

If you receive authorization
to access another entitys internal computer system or other resource, you must make a permanent record of that authorization so
that it may be retrieved for future reference, and you may not exceed the scope of that authorization.

Unsolicited
bulk email is regulated by law in a number of jurisdictions. If you intend to send unsolicited bulk email to persons outside of the Company,
either while acting on our behalf or using our computing or communications equipment or facilities, you should contact your supervisor
or the Chief Compliance Officer for prior approval.

All
data residing on or transmitted through our computing and communications facilities, including email and word processing documents, is
the property of the Company and subject to inspection, retention and review by the Company, with
or without a personnels or third partys knowledge, consent or approval, in accordance with applicable law. Any misuse or
suspected misuse of our assets must be immediately reported to your supervisor or the Chief Compliance Officer.

7

10.CONFIDENTIALITY

One of our most important assets is our confidential
information. We sometimes share confidential information with our personnel and we expect you to keep that information confidential, and
not disclose or use it except as needed to perform your work here, as you agreed in your confidentiality agreement with the Company. If
you dont know whether something is confidential, ask your supervisor. Unless you hear otherwise, you should assume that everything
(financials, strategy and plans, scientific and technical data, details and results of our studies and clinical trials, information about
our drug candidates, personnel information, legal disputes, etc.) is confidential.

In addition, because we interact with other companies
and organizations, there may be times when you learn confidential information about other companies before that information has been made
available to the public. You must treat this information in the same manner as you are required to treat our confidential and proprietary
information. There may even be times when you must treat as confidential the fact that we have an interest in, or are involved with, another
company.

All of our personnel have a duty to refrain from
disclosing to any person confidential or proprietary information about us or any other company learned in the course of employment here,
until that information is disclosed to the public through approved channels (usually through a press release, an SEC filing or a formal
communication from a member of senior management). This policy requires you to refrain from discussing confidential or proprietary information
with outsiders and even with other Company employees, unless those fellow employees have a legitimate need to know the information in
order to perform their job duties. Unauthorized use or distribution of this information could also be illegal and result in civil liability
and/or criminal penalties.

You should also take care not to inadvertently
disclose confidential information. Materials that contain confidential information, such as memos, notebooks, computer disks, memory sticks,
laptop computers and mobile devices, should be stored securely. Unauthorized posting or discussion of any information concerning our business,
information or prospects on the Internet is prohibited. You may not discuss our business, information or prospects on blog posts, in chat
rooms, or in response to news reports or articles, regardless of whether you use your own name or a pseudonym. All Company emails, voicemails
and other communications are presumed confidential and should not be forwarded or otherwise disseminated outside of the Company, except
when required for legitimate business purposes. Be cautious when discussing sensitive information in public places like elevators, airports,
restaurants and quasi-public areas within the Company, such as cafeterias. Please take special care when talking to your
friends, family, or others about the Company or our industry.

In addition to the above responsibilities, if
you are handling information protected by any privacy policy published by us, then you must handle that information in accordance with
the applicable policy.

11. MEDIA/PUBLIC DISCUSSIONS

It is our policy to disclose
material information concerning the Company to the public only through specific limited channels to avoid inappropriate publicity and
to ensure that all those with an interest in the company will have equal access to information. All inquiries or calls from the press
and financial analysts should be referred to the Chief Financial Officer. We have designated our Chief Financial Officer as our official
spokesperson for financial matters. We have designated our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Medical Officer
as our official spokespersons for marketing, technical and other related information. Unless a specific exception has been made by the
Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer, these designees are the only people who may communicate with the press on behalf of
the Company. You also may not provide any information to the media about us off the record, for background, confidentially or secretly,
or otherwise disclose such information on social media platforms.

8

12. MAINTENANCE OF CORPORATE BOOKS, RECORDS, DOCUMENTS AND ACCOUNTS; FINANCIAL INTEGRITY; PUBLIC REPORTING

The integrity of our records and public disclosure
depends upon the validity, accuracy and completeness of the information supporting the entries in our books of account. Therefore, our
corporate and business records should be completed accurately and honestly. The making of false or misleading entries, whether they relate
to financial results or otherwise, is strictly prohibited. Our records serve as a basis for managing our business and are important in
meeting our obligations to our partners, local business customers, contributors, creditors, employees and others with whom we do business.
As a result, it is important that our books, records and accounts accurately and fairly reflect, in reasonable detail, our assets, liabilities,
revenues, costs and expenses, as well as all transactions and changes in assets and liabilities. We require that:

no entry be made in our books and records that intentionally hides or disguises
the nature of any transaction or of any of our liabilities or misclassifies any transactions as to accounts or accounting periods;

transactions be supported by appropriate documentation;

the terms of commercial transactions be reflected accurately in the documentation
for those transactions and all such documentation be reflected accurately in our books and records;

personnel comply with our system of internal controls; and

no cash or other assets be maintained for any purpose in any unrecorded
or off-the-books fund.

Our accounting records are also relied upon to
produce reports for our management, stockholders and creditors, as well as for governmental agencies. In particular, we rely upon our
accounting and other business and corporate records in preparing the periodic and current reports that we file with the SEC. Securities
laws require that these reports provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure and fairly present our financial condition
and results of operations. Employees who collect, provide or analyze information for or otherwise contribute in any way in preparing or
verifying these reports should strive to ensure that our financial disclosure is accurate and transparent and that our reports contain
all of the information about the Company that would be important to enable stockholders and potential investors to assess the soundness
and risks of our business and finances and the quality and integrity of our accounting and disclosures. In addition:

no employee may knowingly take or authorize any action that would cause
our financial records or financial disclosure to fail to comply with generally accepted accounting principles, the rules and regulations
of the SEC or other applicable laws, rules and regulations;

all employees must cooperate fully with our accounting and audit teams,
as well as our independent public accountants and counsel, respond to their questions with candor and provide them with complete and accurate
information to help ensure that our books and records, as well as our reports filed with the SEC, are accurate and complete; and

9

no employee should knowingly make (or cause or encourage any other person
to make) any false or misleading statement in any of our reports filed with the SEC or knowingly omit (or cause or encourage any other
person to omit) any information necessary to make the disclosure in any of our reports accurate in all material respects.

Any employee who becomes aware of any departure
from these standards has a responsibility to report his or her knowledge promptly to a supervisor, the Chief Compliance Officer, the Audit
Committee or one of the other compliance resources described in Section 10 or in accordance with the provisions of the Companys
Open Door Policy for Reporting Complaints Regarding Accounting and Auditing Matters.

13.WAIVERS

Any
waiver of this Code of Conduct for executive officers (including, where required by applicable laws, our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller (or persons performing similar functions)) or directors may be
authorized only by the Board of Directors or, to the extent permitted by the rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market, a committee
of the Board of Directors and will be disclosed to stockholders as required by applicable laws, rules and regulations.

14.COMPLIANCE
STANDARDS AND PROCEDURES

a.Compliance
Resources

To facilitate compliance with the Code of Conduct,
we have implemented a program of awareness, training and review. We have established the position of Chief Compliance Officer to oversee
this program. The Chief Compliance Officer is a person to whom you can address any questions or concerns. In addition to fielding questions
or concerns with respect to potential violations of the Code of Conduct, the Chief Compliance Officer is responsible for:

investigating possible violations of the Code of Conduct;

training new personnel in the Code of Conduct policies;

conducting annual training sessions to refresh personnels familiarity
with the Code of Conduct;

distributing copies of the Code of Conduct annually via email to all personnel
with a reminder that each person is responsible for reading, understanding and complying with the Code of Conduct;

updating the Code of Conduct as needed and alerting personnel to any updates,
with appropriate approval of the Audit Committee, to reflect changes in the law, Company operations and in recognized best practices,
and to reflect the Company experience; and

otherwise promoting an atmosphere of responsible and ethical conduct.

Your most immediate resource for any matter related
to the Code of Conduct is your supervisor. He or she may have the information you need or may be able to refer the question to another
appropriate source. There may, however, be times when you prefer not to go to your supervisor. In these instances, you should feel free
to discuss your concern with the Chief Compliance Officer. A dedicated email address for the Chief Compliance Officer at compliance@tvardi.com
is available to those who wish to seek guidance on specific situations or report violations of the Code of Conduct, or to ask questions
about the Companys policies. If you are uncomfortable contacting the Chief Compliance Officer because he or she works in your department
or is one of your supervisors, please use the toll-free compliance hotline as described in the Companys Whistleblower Policy. If
your concern involves potential misconduct by another person and relates to questionable accounting or auditing matters at the company,
you should report that violation to the Chief Compliance Officer pursuant to the Companys Open Door Policy for Reporting Complaints
Regarding Accounting and Auditing Matters.

10

If you prefer to leave an anonymous message for
the Chief Compliance Officer, you may do so by toll-free telephone listed in the Companys Whistleblower Policy, although the Compliance
Officer will be unable to obtain follow- up details from you that may be necessary to investigate the matter. Whether you identify yourself
or remain anonymous, your telephonic contact will be kept strictly confidential to the extent reasonably possible within the objectives
of the Code of Conduct.

b.Clarifying
Questions and Concerns; Reporting Possible Violations

If you encounter a situation or are considering
a course of action and its appropriateness is unclear, you should discuss the matter promptly with your supervisor or the Chief Compliance
Officer. Even the appearance of impropriety can be very damaging and should be avoided.

If you are aware of a suspected or actual violation
of the Code of Conduct standards by others, you have a responsibility to report it. You are expected to promptly provide a compliance
resource with a specific description of the violation that you believe has occurred, including any information you have about the persons
involved and the time of the violation. Whether you choose to speak with your supervisor or the Compliance Officer, you should do so without
fear of any form of retaliation. We will take prompt disciplinary action against any employee who retaliates against you, which may include
termination of employment.

Supervisors
must promptly report any complaints or observations of Code of Conduct violations to the Chief Compliance Officer. If you believe your
supervisor has not taken appropriate action, you should contact the Compliance Officer directly. The Compliance Officer will investigate
all reported possible Code violations promptly and with the highest degree of confidentiality that is possible under the specific circumstances.
Neither you nor your supervisor may conduct any preliminary investigation, unless authorized to do so by the Compliance Officer. Your
cooperation in the investigation will be expected. As needed, the Compliance Officer will consult with the legal department, the Human
Resources department and/or the appropriate committee of the Board of Directors. It is our policy to employ a fair process by which
to determine violations of the Code of Conduct.

With respect to any complaints or observations
of violations that may involve accounting, internal accounting controls and auditing concerns under the Companys Whistleblower
Policy, the Compliance Officer shall promptly inform the Audit Committee, and the Audit Committee shall be responsible for supervising
and overseeing the inquiry and any investigation that is undertaken.

If any investigation indicates that a violation
of the Code has probably occurred, we will take such action as we believe to be appropriate under the circumstances. If we determine that
an employee is responsible for a Code of Conduct violation, he or she will be subject to disciplinary action up to, and including, termination
of employment and, in appropriate cases, civil action or referral for criminal prosecution. Appropriate action may also be taken to deter
any future Code of Conduct violations.

11

Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding
any other confidentiality or nondisclosure agreement (whether in writing or otherwise, including without limitation as part of an employment
agreement, separation agreement or similar employment or compensation arrangement) applicable to current or former employees, the Company
does not restrict any current or former employee from communicating, cooperating or filing a complaint with any U.S. federal, state or
local governmental or law enforcement branch, agency or entity (collectively, a Governmental Entity) with
respect to possible violations of any U.S. federal, state or local law or regulation, or otherwise making disclosures to any Governmental
Entity, in each case, that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any such law or regulation, provided that (i) in each
case such communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law and (ii) the information subject to such disclosure was
not obtained by the current or former employee through a communication that was subject to the attorney-client privilege, unless such
disclosure of that information would otherwise be permitted by an attorney pursuant to 17 CFR 205.3(d)(2), applicable state attorney conduct
rules, or otherwise. Any agreement in conflict with the foregoing is hereby deemed amended by the Company to be consistent with the foregoing.

15.CHANGES

The
Company reserves the right to amend, alter or terminate this Code at any time for any reason, subject to any applicable law requirements.
The Audit Committee will be responsible for reviewing and recommending to the Board for approval any such amendments, alterations or other
changes to this Code. The Audit Committee will review and reassess the adequacy of this Code at least annually, and recommend to the Board
of Directors any changes the Audit Committee determines are appropriate. All changes must be promptly disclosed as required by
law or regulation.

16.WEBSITE
DISCLOSURE

This Code, as may be amended from time to time,
will be posted on the Companys website. The Company will state in its annual proxy statement that this Code is available on the
Companys website and provide the website address as required by law or regulation.

12

Exhibit A

TVARDI THERAPEUTICS, INC.

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS ACKNOWLEDGMENT

I hereby acknowledge that
I have received, read, understand and will comply with Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the
Code).

I will seek guidance from
and raise concerns about possible violations of the Code with my supervisor or the Chief Compliance Officer.

I understand that my agreement
to comply with the Code does not constitute a contract of employment.

Please sign here:____________________

Print name:________________________

Date:_____________________________

This signed and completed
form must be returned to the Chief Compliance Officer within ten (10) business days of receiving the Code.

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex23-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 23.1

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-277706,
333-270302, 333-263159, 333-253714, 333-236728, 333-234800, 333-230335, 333-223726, 333-216606, 333-210096, 333-203057, and 333-193905
on Form S-8 of our report dated April 1, 2025, relating to the financial statements of Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc. appearing in this Current
Report on Form 8-K dated April 15, 2025.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Houston, Texas

April 15, 2025
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Tvardi Therapeutics Announces Closing of Merger
with Cara Therapeutics

Merger creates a Nasdaq-listed, clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company Tvardi Therapeutics developing novel treatments targeting STAT3 to treat fibrosis-driven diseases

Tvardi shares to begin trading under the symbol
TVRD on April 16, 2025

Post-transaction cash and cash equivalents expected
to fund operations into the second half of 2026

Tvardi anticipates reporting topline data from
two Phase 2 clinical programs utilizing its STAT3 inhibitor, TTI-101, including its lead program in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF),
in the second half of 2025, followed by its program in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) in the first half of 2026

HOUSTON, TX April 15, 2025 - Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.
(Tvardi) (NASDAQ: TVRD), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of novel, oral, small molecule
therapies targeting STAT3 to treat fibrosis-driven diseases, today announced the completion of its previously announced merger
with Cara Therapeutics, Inc. (Cara). The combined company is operating under the name Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.,
and its shares are expected to begin trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on April 16, 2025, under the ticker symbol "TVRD".
The combined company will be led by Imran Alibhai, Ph.D., its Chief Executive Officer, and other members of the Tvardi management team.

We are very pleased to have completed this merger and to be
transitioning into a publicly traded company with the combined resources of science and capital to positively impact the lives of people
suffering from serious, chronic, fibrosis-driven diseases. We look forward to our two anticipated Phase 2 data readouts in the near term,
said Dr. Alibhai.

Concurrent with the initial merger announcement, Tvardi completed a
previously announced private placement financing of approximately $28 million from a syndicate of new and existing institutional investors.
With Tvardis existing cash and approximately $24 million of Cara cash at closing, Tvardi is expected to have sufficient cash to
fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements, as currently planned, into the second half of 2026, including through
its two anticipated Phase 2 data readouts.

On April 15, 2025, Cara effected a 1-for-3 reverse stock split
of all of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock. All outstanding options were proportionately adjusted, pursuant to their
respective terms. The shares of the combined company are expected to begin trading on a post-reverse stock split basis on April 16,
2025 under the new ticker symbol TVRD.

Following the reverse stock split and based on the final exchange ratio
of approximately 0.1341 shares of Cara common stock for each share of Tvardi common stock, immediately following the closing of the merger,
there were approximately 9.4 million shares of the combined company's common stock issued and outstanding, with the pre-merger equityholders
of Cara owning approximately 15.4% of the combined companys common stock on a fully diluted basis and the pre-merger equityholders
of Tvardi (including investors in the private placement financing) owning approximately 84.6% of the combined company's common stock on
a fully diluted basis.

Nasdaq Bell Ringing

In recognition of its successful transition into a publicly traded
company, Tvardi has been invited to ring the Nasdaq Stock Market closing bell on Wednesday, April 16th. A live stream
of the Nasdaq bell ringing will be available at: https://www.nasdaq.com/marketsite/bell-ringing-ceremony beginning at 3:45pm ET
on that day.

Advisors

Piper Sandler & Co. served as exclusive
financial advisor to Cara Therapeutics. Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. served as legal counsel to Cara Therapeutics.
Cooley LLP and Goodwin Procter LLP served as legal counsel to Tvardi.

About Tvardi Therapeutics

Tvardi is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical
company focused on the development of novel, oral small molecule therapies targeting STAT3 to treat fibrosis-driven diseases with significant
unmet need. STAT3 is a central mediator across critical fibrotic signaling pathways that drive uncontrolled deposition, proliferation,
survival and immune suppression. STAT3 is also positioned at the intersection of many signaling pathways integral to the survival and
immune evasion of cancer cells. The company is conducting Phase 2 clinical trials in fibrosis-driven diseases with high unmet need: idiopathic
pulmonary fibrosis (NCT05671835) and hepatocellular carcinoma (NCT05440708). To learn more, please visit tvarditherapeutics.com
or follow us on LinkedIn and X (Twitter).

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-looking Statements

Statements contained in this press release regarding matters that are
not historical facts are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. Examples of these forward-looking statements include statements concerning the anticipated benefits of the merger, the combined
companys planned clinical programs, including planned clinical trials and the expected timing for data readouts, the believe that
IPF and HCC are high value indications, expectations regarding the combined companys cash position, ability to fund the combined
company into the second half of 2026, the potential of the combined companys product candidates, the expected trading of the combined
companys stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol TVRD and on a post-reverse stock split basis,
management of the combined company and other statements regarding managements intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations or forecasts
for the future, and, therefore, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on them.

Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual
results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are
subject to a number of risks, including, among other things: risks associated with the possible failure to realize certain anticipated
benefits of the Merger, including with respect to future financial and operating results; potential litigation relating to the transaction
that could be instituted against the combined company or its directors; the uncertainties associated with the combined companys
product candidates, as well as risks associated with the clinical development and regulatory approval of product candidates, including
potential delays in the completion of clinical trials; the significant net losses combined company has incurred since inception; the combined
companys ability to initiate and complete ongoing and planned preclinical studies and clinical trials and advance its product candidates
through clinical development; the timing of the availability of data from the combined companys clinical trials; the outcome of
preclinical testing and clinical trials of the combined companys product candidates, including the ability of those trials to satisfy
relevant governmental or regulatory requirements; the combined companys plans to research, develop and commercialize its current
and future product candidates; the clinical utility, potential benefits and market acceptance of the combined companys product
candidates; the requirement for additional capital to continue to advance these product candidates, which may not be available on favorable
terms or at all; the combined companys ability to attract, hire, and retain skilled executive officers and employees; the combined
companys ability to protect its intellectual property and proprietary technologies; the combined companys reliance on third
parties, contract manufacturers, and contract research organizations; the possibility that the combined company may be adversely affected
by other economic, business, or competitive factors; risks associated with changes in applicable laws or regulations; those factors discussed
in the combined companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Risk Factors section
of the Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended (File No. 333-283900) initially filed by Cara with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC) on December 18, 2024 and declared effective by the SEC on February 14, 2025, Caras
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2024, and the combined companys other documents subsequently
filed with or furnished to the SEC. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on which
they were made. The combined company undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances
that exist after the date on which they were made, except as required by law.

Contacts:

For Tvardi:

Tvardi Investor Relations

ir@tvardi.com

PJ Kelleher

LifeSci Advisors

617-430-7579

pkelleher@lifesciadvisors.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.2

Cara Therapeutics Announces 1-for-3 Reverse
Stock Split in Connection with the Proposed Merger with Tvardi Therapeutics

STAMFORD, Conn., April 14, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cara
Therapeutics, Inc. (Nasdaq: CARA) (the Company), today announced that its Board of Directors (the Board)
has approved a 1-for-3 reverse stock split of its outstanding shares of common stock.

Caras common stock is expected to begin trading on a reverse
stock split-adjusted basis at the opening of the market on Wednesday, April 16, 2025 under the new name Tvardi Therapeutics,
Inc. and under the new symbol TVRD following the anticipated closing of the merger (the Merger) with
Tvard Therapeutics, Inc. (Tvardi), with a new CUSIP number 140755 307.

The reverse stock split was approved by Caras stockholders at
Caras special meeting of stockholders held on April 1, 2025, to be effected in the Boards discretion of not less than 1-for-2
and not more than 1-for-4. The final reverse stock split ratio of 1-for-3 was approved by the Board on April 1, 2025 and will become effective
as of 4:01 p.m. Eastern Time on Tuesday, April 15, 2025.

At the effective time of the reverse stock split, every three (3) issued
and outstanding shares of the Companys common stock will automatically be combined into one (1) issued and outstanding share of
the Companys common stock without any change in the par value per share. The reverse stock split will reduce the number of issued
and outstanding shares of the Companys common stock from approximately 4.6 million to approximately 1.5 million (prior to giving
effect to the closing of the Merger). The reverse stock split will not change the authorized number of shares of Caras common stock.

Fractional shares will not be issued in connection with the reverse
stock split. Stockholders who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fractional share will be entitled to receive a cash payment. The
reverse stock split will affect all stockholders uniformly and will not alter any stockholders relative interest in the Companys
equity securities, except for any adjustments for fractional shares.

In addition, proportionate adjustments will be made to the number of
shares underlying, and the exercise or conversion prices of, the Companys outstanding stock options, and to the number of shares
of common stock issuable under the Company's equity incentive plans.

Following the closing of the Merger, the combined company's total outstanding
common stock is expected to be approximately 9.4 million shares.

About Tvardi Therapeutics, Inc.

Tvardi is a privately held, clinical-stage, biopharmaceutical company
focused on the development of novel, oral small molecule therapies targeting STAT3 to treat fibrosis-driven diseases with significant
unmet need. STAT3 is a central mediator across critical fibrotic signaling pathways that drive uncontrolled deposition, proliferation,
survival and immune suppression. STAT3 is also positioned at the intersection of many signaling pathways integral to the survival and
immune evasion of cancer cells. The company is conducting Phase 2 clinical trials in fibrosis-driven diseases with high unmet need: idiopathic
pulmonary fibrosis (NCT05671835) and hepatocellular carcinoma (NCT05440708).

About Cara Therapeutics

Cara is a biopharmaceutical company that has been focused on leading
a new treatment paradigm to improve the lives of patients suffering from chronic pruritus. Cara developed an IV formulation of difelikefalin,
which is approved for the treatment of moderate-to-severe pruritus associated with advanced kidney disease in adults undergoing hemodialysis
in the United States, European Union, and multiple other countries for the treatment of moderate-to-severe pruritus associated with
advanced chronic kidney disease in adults undergoing hemodialysis. The IV formulation is out-licensed worldwide.

Forward-looking Statements

Certain statements contained in this press release regarding matters
that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. Examples of these forward-looking statements include statements regarding the anticipated completion and effects of the proposed
Merger and the ability of the parties to consummate the Merger on the expected timeline or at all; the reverse stock split and the timing
thereof; the impact of the reverse stock split on stockholders, including any adjustments that may result from the treatment of fractional
shares, and option holders; the expected number of shares of common stock to be issued and outstanding following the reverse stock split
and the Merger, and other statements regarding managements intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations or forecasts for the future,
and, therefore, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on them,. Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties,
actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include risks related to the Merger, including the completion of the Merger and the satisfaction (or waiver) of closing conditions; the
occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance or condition that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; the
Companys actual reductions in spending as compared to anticipated cost reductions; the Companys costs of continuing to operate
as a public company; and the other risks described more fully in Cara Therapeutics filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, including the Risk Factors section of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2024 and its other documents subsequently filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking
statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on which they were made. The Company undertakes no obligation
to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made, except as required
by law.

INVESTOR
CONTACT:

investor@caratherapeutics.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>tvrd-20250415.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tvrd-20250415_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>tvrd-20250415_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Entity Addresses, Address Type [Axis] 

Former Address [Member] 

Entity Addresses [Table] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>tvrd-20250415_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_8kimg001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_ex99-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 15, 2025

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 15, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-36279

Entity Registrant Name TVARDI
THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001346830

Entity Tax Identification Number 75-3175693

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3 Sugar Creek Ctr. Blvd.

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 525

Entity Address, City or Town Sugar Land

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 77478

City Area Code (713)

Local Phone Number 489-8654

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol TVRD

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name Cara Therapeutics, Inc.

Former Address [Member] 

Entity Addresses [Line Items] 

Entity Address, Address Line One 400 Atlantic Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 500

Entity Address, City or Town Stamford

Entity Address, State or Province CT

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressesAddressTypeAxis=dei_FormerAddressMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>25
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
2 
25 
1 
false 
1 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://tvarditherapeutics.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

tm2512159d1_8k.htm 
tvrd-20250415.xsd 
tvrd-20250415_def.xml 
tvrd-20250415_lab.xml 
tvrd-20250415_pre.xml 

tm2512159d1_8kimg001.jpg 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>30
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>31
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-035121-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>32
<FILENAME>tm2512159d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001346830 

2025-04-15 
2025-04-15 

0001346830 

dei:FormerAddressMember 

2025-04-15 
2025-04-15 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001346830 
8-K 
2025-04-15 
TVARDI THERAPEUTICS, INC. 
DE 
001-36279 
75-3175693 
3 Sugar Creek Ctr. Blvd. 
Suite 525 
Sugar Land 
TX 
77478 
(713) 
489-8654 
Cara Therapeutics, Inc. 
400 Atlantic Street 
Suite 500 
Stamford 
CT 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
TVRD 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>