<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001214659-25-003526.txt : 20250226
<SEC-HEADER>0001214659-25-003526.hdr.sgml : 20250226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250226172203
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-25-003526
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250226
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hyperscale Data, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000896493
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				941721931
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12711
		FILM NUMBER:		25671491

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11411 SOUTHERN HIGHLANDS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89141
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 444-5464 3679

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11411 SOUTHERN HIGHLANDS PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89141

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ault Alliance, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BitNile Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211213

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ault Global Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210119
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>y2262518k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0000896493falsefalsefalsefalse00008964932025-02-262025-02-260000896493GPUS:ClassCommonStock0.001ParValueMember2025-02-262025-02-260000896493GPUS:Sec13.00SeriesDCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember2025-02-262025-02-26iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

____________________________________________________________

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

___________________________________________________________________

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February
26, 2025

HYPERSCALE DATA, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-12711 94-1721931

(State or other jurisdiction of 

incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

11411 Southern Highlands Parkway, Suite 240,
Las Vegas, NV89141

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(949)444-5464

(Registrant's telephone number, including area
code)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

o Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

o Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

o Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

o Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value GPUS NYSE American

13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share GPUS PD NYSE American

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

As
previously reported in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Hyperscale Data, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company)
on July 18, 2024, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with an institutional
investor (the Investor) pursuant to which the Investor agreed to acquire, and the Company agreed to issue and sell
in a registered direct offering to the Investor, a $5,390,000 10% OID Convertible Promissory Note for $4,900,000 (the Old Note),
which transaction closed on July 19, 2024. The Old Note had a maturity date of October 19, 2024.

As
previously reported in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December
10, 2024, the Company and the Investor entered into a Forbearance Agreement (the Forbearance Agreement)
pursuant to which the Investor agreed to forebear through the close of business on December 31, 2024, from exercising the rights and remedies
it is entitled to under the Old Note, and any and all transaction documents related thereto, in consideration for the Companys
agreement to issue a convertible promissory note in the amount of $853,067.93 (the Forbearance
Note), which transaction closed on December 10, 2024.

On
February 25, 2025, the Company and the Investor entered into an amended and restated forbearance agreement (the A&R
Forbearance Agreement), pursuant to which the Investor agreed to forebear through the close of business on May 15, 2025, from
exercising the rights and remedies it is entitled to under the Old Note, and any and all transaction documents related thereto, in consideration
for the Companys agreement to issue the A&R Forbearance Note (as hereinafter defined).

Description of the
A&R Forbearance Note

The
Company issued to the Investor an amended and restated convertible promissory note in the amount of $3.5 million (the
A&R Forbearance Note), consisting of (i) the amount then due under the Forbearance Note of $887,985.29,
(ii) a forbearance extension fee of $311,916.67 and (iii) a true-up amount of $2,300,098.04. Subject
to the approval by the NYSE American LLC (NYSE) and the Companys stockholders (the Stockholder
Approval), the A&R Forbearance Note shall be convertible into shares of class A common
stock, par value $0.001 per share (the Common Stock) of the Company (the
Conversion Shares), at a conversion price equal to $2.00 (the Conversion Price). The
A&R Forbearance Note will accrue interest at the rate of 18% per annum and mature on
May 15, 2025.

The A&R
Forbearance Note is convertible at any time after NYSE approval of the Supplemental Listing Application and Stockholder Approval
into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion Price, subject to adjustment. The Company may not issue Conversion Shares to the extent
such issuances would be prohibited in accordance with the rules and regulations of the NYSE unless the Company first obtains Stockholder
Approval.

The A&R
Forbearance Note contains standard and customary events of default including, but not limited to, failure to pay amounts due under
the A&R Forbearance Note when required, default in covenants, bankruptcy events and suspension
or delisting from trading of our Common Stock on an eligible exchange.

The foregoing descriptions
of the terms of the A&R Forbearance Note and the A&R
Forbearance Agreement do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, the form
of A&R Forbearance Note and A&R Forbearance
Agreement which are annexed here as Exhibits 4.1 and 10.1 and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 2.03 Creation
of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The disclosure required
by this Item and included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The disclosure required
by this Item and included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference. The A&R
Forbearance Note described in this Current Report on Form 8-K was offered and sold to the Investor in reliance upon exemption from
the registration requirements under Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

2 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit No. Description

4.1 Form of A&R Forbearance Note

10.1 Form of A&R Forbearance Agreement

101 Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101).

3 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

HYPERSCALE DATA, INC. 

Dated: February 26, 2025 

/s/ Henry Nisser 

Henry Nisser

President and General Counsel 

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex4_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 4.1

ANY TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE SHOULD CAREFULLY
REVIEW THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE, INCLUDING SECTIONS 3(c)(iii) AND 12(a) HEREOF. THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE AND, ACCORDINGLY,
THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION HEREOF MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNTS SET FORTH ON THE FACE HEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 3(c)(iii)
OF THIS NOTE.

Hyperscale
Data, Inc.

Amended
and Restated Convertible Promissory Note

Principal Amount: $3,500,000.00

(the Principal Amount) February 25, 2025 (the Issuance Date)

FOR VALUE RECEIVED,
Hyperscale Data, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), hereby promises to pay to the order of Esousa Group
Holdings, LLC or its registered assigns (Holder) the amount set forth above as the original Principal Amount (as
reduced pursuant to the terms hereof pursuant to redemption, conversion or otherwise, the Principal Amount) when
due, whether upon the Maturity Date, or upon acceleration, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof)
and, to pay interest on any outstanding Principal at the applicable rate, until the same becomes due and payable, whether upon the Maturity
Date or upon acceleration, conversion, redemption or otherwise (in each case in accordance with the terms hereof). This Convertible Note
(including all convertible notes issued in exchange, transfer or replacement hereof, this Note) is issued pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Forbearance Agreement dated as of February 25, 2025 (the Forbearance Agreement), by and
between the Company and the Holder, as amended from time to time. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 24.

1. PAYMENTS
OF PRINCIPAL. On or before March 6, 2025, the Company shall pay to the Holder $250,000 towards the Principal Amount owed under this
Note. On the Maturity Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder an amount in cash representing all outstanding Principal Amount and accrued
and unpaid Interest on such Principal Amount and Interest. Other than as specifically permitted by this Note, the Company may not prepay
any portion of the outstanding Principal Amount or accrued and unpaid Interest, if any.

2. INTEREST
RATE. This Note shall accrue interest at the rate of eighteen percent (18%) per annum (Interest), based upon
a 365-day year. Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year, and shall be payable in arrears on the Maturity Date, or upon
an Event of Default, the first Trading Day in the calendar month following the calendar month in which the Interest accrues hereunder.

3. CONVERSION
OF NOTE. At any time after (i) Stockholder Approval has been obtained and (ii) the SLAP has been approved by the Principal Market,
this Note shall be convertible into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (as defined below), on the terms
and conditions set forth in this Section 3.

(a) Conversion
Right. Subject to the provisions of Section 3(d), at any time or times on or after (i) Stockholder Approval has been obtained and
(ii) the SLAP has been approved by the Principal Market, the Holder shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid
Conversion Amount (as defined below) into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section
3(c), at the Conversion Rate (as defined below). The Company shall not issue any fraction of a share of Common Stock upon any conversion.
If the issuance would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the Company shall round such fraction of a share
of Common Stock down to the nearest whole share. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes, costs
and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent (as defined below)) that may be payable with respect
to the issuance and delivery of Common Stock upon conversion of any Conversion Amount.

(b) Conversion
Rate. The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any Conversion Amount pursuant to Section 3(a) shall be determined
by dividing (x) such Conversion Amount by (y) the Conversion Price (the Conversion Rate).

(i) Conversion
Amount means the sum of (A) the portion of the Principal Amount of this Note to be converted, redeemed or otherwise with respect
to which this determination is being made, (B) accrued and unpaid Interest with respect to such Principal Amount, and (C) any other unpaid
amounts pursuant to the Forbearance Agreement, if any.

(ii) Conversion
Price means, as of any Conversion Date or other date of determination, $2.00, subject to adjustment as set forth herein.

(c) Mechanics
of Conversion.

(i) Optional
Conversion. To convert any Conversion Amount into shares of Common Stock on any date (a Conversion Date), the
Holder shall deliver (whether via electronic mail or otherwise), for receipt on or prior to 11:59 p.m., New York time, on such date, a
copy of an executed notice of conversion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (each, a Conversion Notice)
to the Company. On or before the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of receipt of a Conversion Notice, the Company shall transmit
by electronic mail an acknowledgment, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit II, of confirmation of receipt of such Conversion
Notice and representation as to whether such shares of Common Stock may then be resold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant
to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation
hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule or an effective and available registration
statement (each, an Acknowledgement) to the Holder and the Companys transfer agent (the Transfer
Agent) which Acknowledgment shall constitute an instruction to the Transfer Agent to process such Conversion Notice in accordance
with the terms herein. Subject to Section 3(d) and provided that the such shares of Common Stock subject to the Conversion Notice may
then be resold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as such Rule may be amended
or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same purpose
and effect as such Rule or an effective and available registration statement, then on or before the first (1st) Trading Day
following the date on which the Company has received a Conversion Notice (or such earlier date as required pursuant to the 1934 Act or
other applicable law, rule or regulation for the settlement of a trade initiated on the applicable Conversion Date of such shares of Common
Stock issuable pursuant to such Conversion Notice) (the Share Delivery Deadline), the Company shall credit such aggregate
number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled pursuant to such conversion to the Holders or its designees
balance account with Depository Trust Companys (DTC) through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system. The
Person or Persons entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record
holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on the Conversion Date. If the shares of Common Stock subject to the Conversion Notice
may not then be resold pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as such Rule may
be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same
purpose and effect as such Rule or an effective and available registration statement, then, the Transfer Agent shall issue and deliver
(via reputable overnight courier) to the address as specified in the Conversion Notice, a certificate with the appropriate restrictive
legend, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled
pursuant to such conversion.

(ii) Companys
Failure to Timely Convert. If the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the applicable Share Delivery
Deadline, to issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) such number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon
the Holders conversion of this Note (as the case may be) in the manner provided in Section 3(c)(i) (a Conversion Failure),
then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (1) the Company shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after such
Share Delivery Deadline that the issuance of such shares of Common Stock is not timely effected an amount equal to 1% of the product of
(A) the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Share Delivery Deadline and to which the
Holder is entitled, multiplied by (B) any trading price of the Common Stock selected by the Holder in writing as in effect at any time
during the period beginning on the applicable Conversion Date and ending on the applicable Share Delivery Deadline and (2) the Holder,
upon written notice to the Company, may void its Conversion Notice with respect to, and retain or have returned (as the case may be) any
portion of this Note that has not been converted pursuant to such Conversion Notice, provided that the voiding of a Conversion Notice
shall not affect the Companys obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such notice pursuant to
this Section 3(c)(ii) or otherwise. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Share Delivery Deadline the Transfer Agent shall
fail to credit the balance account of the Holder or the Holders designee with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which
the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion hereunder, and if after such Share Delivery Deadline the Holder acquires (in
an open market transaction, stock loan or otherwise) shares of Common Stock corresponding to all or any portion of the number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion that the Holder is entitled to receive from the Company and has not received from the Company
in connection with such Conversion Failure (a Buy-In), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder,
the Company shall, within five (5) Business Days after receipt of the Holders request and in the Holders discretion, either:
(I) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holders total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, stock loan
costs and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so acquired (including, without limitation, by any other
Person in respect, or on behalf, of the Holder) (the Buy-In Price), at which point the Companys obligation
to credit the balance account of such Holder or such Holders designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of shares of Common
Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion hereunder (as the case may be) (and to issue such shares of Common
Stock) shall terminate, or (II) promptly honor its obligation to credit the balance account of such Holder or such Holders designee,
as applicable, with DTC for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion hereunder
and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (x) such number of shares
of Common Stock multiplied by (y) the lowest Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on
the date of the applicable Conversion Notice and ending on the date of such issuance and payment under this clause (II) (the Buy-In
Payment Amount). Nothing shall limit the Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law
or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Companys
failure to timely credit the balance account of such Holder or such Holders designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of
shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holders conversion of this Note as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.

2 

(iii) Registration;
Book-Entry. The Company shall maintain a register (the Register) for the recordation of the names and addresses
of the holder(s) of the Note and the Principal Amount of the Note held by such holder(s) (the Registered Notes).
The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The Company and the holders of the
Registered Notes shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as the owner of a Note for all purposes (including, without
limitation, the right to receive payments of Principal Amount and Interest hereunder) notwithstanding notice to the contrary. A Registered
Note may be assigned, transferred or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register. Upon its
receipt of a written request to assign, transfer or sell all or part of any Registered Note by the holder thereof, the Company shall record
the information contained therein in the Register and issue one or more new Registered Notes in the same aggregate Principal Amount as
the Principal Amount of the surrendered Registered Note to the designated assignee or transferee pursuant to Section 12, provided
that if the Company does not so record an assignment, transfer or sale (as the case may be) of all or part of any Registered Note within
two (2) Business Days of such a request, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such assignment, transfer
or sale (as the case may be). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 3, following conversion of any portion
of this Note in accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Company. If
the Holder has provided the Company with prior written notice (which notice may be included in a Conversion Notice) requesting reissuance
of this Note upon physical surrender of this Note, the Company shall, as soon as practicable and in no event later than two (2) Business
Days after receipt of this Note and at its own expense, issue and deliver to such Holder (or its designee) a new Note (in accordance with
Section 12(d)) representing the outstanding Principal Amount under this Note. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing
the Principal Amount and Interest converted and/or paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions, and/or payments (as the
case may be) or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Company, so as not to require physical surrender
of this Note upon conversion. If the Company does not update the Register to record such Principal Amount and Interest converted and/or
paid (as the case may be) and the dates of such conversions, and/or payments (as the case may be) within two (2) Business Days of such
occurrence, then the Register shall be automatically deemed updated to reflect such occurrence.

(iv) Disputes.
In the event of a dispute as to the number of shares of Common Stock issuable to the Holder in connection with a conversion of this Note,
the Company shall issue to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock not in dispute.

(d) Limitations
on Conversions.

(i) Beneficial
Ownership. The Company shall not effect the conversion of any portion of this Note, and the Holder shall not have the right to convert
any portion of this Note pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Note and any such conversion shall be null and void and treated
as if never made, to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, the Holder together with the other Attribution Parties collectively
would beneficially own in excess of 9.9% (the Maximum Percentage) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
after giving effect to such conversion. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by the Holder and the other Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock held by the Holder and all other
Attribution Parties plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect to which the determination
of such sentence is being made, but shall exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (A) conversion of the remaining,
nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of the other Attribution Parties and (B) exercise or conversion
of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any convertible notes
or convertible preferred stock or warrants) beneficially owned by the Holder or any other Attribution Party subject to a limitation on
conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained in this Section 3(d)(i). For purposes of this Section 3(d)(i), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For purposes of determining the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock the Holder may acquire upon the conversion of this Note without exceeding the Maximum Percentage, the Holder may
rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (x) the Companys most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, Current Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the SEC, as the case may be, (y) a more recent public
announcement by the Company or (z) any other written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent, if any, setting forth the number of
shares of Common Stock outstanding (the Reported Outstanding Share Number). If the Company receives a Conversion
Notice from the Holder at a time when the actual number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is less than the Reported Outstanding Share
Number, the Company shall notify the Holder in writing of the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding and, to the extent that
such Conversion Notice would otherwise cause the Holders beneficial ownership, as determined pursuant to this Section 3(d)(i),
to exceed the Maximum Percentage, the Holder must notify the Company of a reduced number of shares of Common Stock to be purchased pursuant
to such Conversion Notice. For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral request of the Holder, the Company shall within one (1)
Business Day confirm orally and in writing or by electronic mail to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding.
In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of
securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder and any other Attribution Party since the date as of which the Reported
Outstanding Share Number was reported. In the event that the issuance of shares of Common Stock to the Holder upon conversion of this
Note results in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties being deemed to beneficially own, in the aggregate, more than the Maximum
Percentage of the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock (as determined under Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act), the number of shares
so issued by which the Holders and the other Attribution Parties aggregate beneficial ownership exceeds the Maximum Percentage
(the Excess Shares) shall be deemed null and void and shall be cancelled ab initio, and the Holder shall not have
the power to vote or to transfer the Excess Shares. For purposes of clarity, the Excess Shares shall not be deemed to be beneficially
owned by the Holder for any purpose including for purposes of Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the 1934 Act. No prior inability to
convert this Note pursuant to this paragraph shall have any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with respect
to any subsequent determination of convertibility. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise
than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 3(d)(i) to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph (or any portion of
this paragraph) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended beneficial ownership limitation contained in this Section 3(d)(i)
or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitation contained in this
paragraph may not be waived and shall apply to a successor holder of this Note.

3 

(ii) Principal
Market Regulation The Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note or otherwise pursuant to the
terms of this Note until such time that the Company obtains the approval of its stockholders as required by the applicable rules of the
Principal Market for issuances of any shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note.

(e) Adjustments
of the Conversion Price. The Conversion Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as follows:

(i) Adjustments
for Recapitalization. If at any time or from time to time there shall be a recapitalization of the Common Stock, provision shall be
made so that the Holder shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion of the Note the number of shares of stock or other securities
or property of the Company or otherwise, to which a holder of Common Stock deliverable upon conversion would have been entitled on such
recapitalization. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in the application of the provisions of this Section 3(e)(i)
with respect to the rights of the Holder after the recapitalization to the end that the provisions of this Section 3(e)(i) (including,
without limitation, provisions for adjustments of the Conversion Price and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of the Note) shall be applicable after that event as nearly equivalent as may be practicable.

(ii) Adjustment
for Stock Splits and Combinations. If the Company shall at any time or from time to time after the Issuance Date effect a subdivision
of the outstanding Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately decreased
so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of this Note shall be increased in proportion to such increase in
the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. If the Company shall at any time or from time to time after the Issuance Date
combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect immediately before the combination shall be proportionately
increased so that the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on conversion of the Note shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease
in the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Any adjustment under this subsection shall become effective at the close
of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.

4. RIGHTS
UPON EVENT OF DEFAULT.

(a) Event
of Default. Each of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default and each of the events in clauses
(v), (vi) and (vii) shall constitute a Bankruptcy Event of Default:

(i) A
default under the note issued by RiskOn International, Inc. to the Holder originally dated February 9, 2024, as amended on March 30, 2024
and February 25, 2025;

(ii) the
suspension from trading or the failure of the Common Stock to be trading or listed (as applicable) on an Eligible Market for a period
of seven (7) consecutive Trading Days;

(iii) the
Companys (A) failure to cure a Conversion Failure by delivery of the required number of shares of Common Stock in the manner provided
in Section 3(c)(i) within five (5) Trading Days after the applicable Conversion Date or (B) notice, written or oral, to any holder of
the Note, including, without limitation, by way of public announcement or through any of its agents, at any time, of its intention not
to comply, as required, with a request for conversion of the Note into shares of Common Stock that is requested in accordance with the
provisions of the Note, other than pursuant to Section 3(d);

4 

(iv) the
Companys failure to pay to the Holder any amount of Principal Amount, Interest or other amounts when and as due under this Note
(including, without limitation, the Companys failure to pay any redemption payments or amounts hereunder) or the Forbearance Agreement
or any other agreement, document, certificate or other instrument delivered in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby, except, in the case of a failure to pay Interest when and as due, in which case only if such failure remains uncured for a period
of at least five (5) Trading Days;

(v) bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against
the Company or any Subsidiary and, if instituted against the Company or any Subsidiary by a third party, shall not be dismissed within
thirty (30) days of their initiation;

(vi) the
commencement by the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent
by it to the entry of a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary in an involuntary
case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the
commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking
reorganization or relief under any applicable federal, state or foreign law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to
the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official
of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors,
or the execution of a composition of debts, or the occurrence of any other similar federal, state or foreign proceeding, or the admission
by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, the taking of corporate action by the Company or any
Subsidiary in furtherance of any such action or the taking of any action by any Person to commence a Uniform Commercial Code foreclosure
sale or any other similar action under federal, state or foreign law;

(vii) the
entry by a court of (i) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document in respect of the Company or any Subsidiary of a voluntary
or involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar
law or (ii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document adjudging the Company or any Subsidiary as bankrupt or insolvent, or approving
as properly filed a petition seeking liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company
or any Subsidiary under any applicable federal, state or foreign law or (iii) a decree, order, judgment or other similar document appointing
a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any Subsidiary or of any
substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree, order,
judgment or other similar document or any such other decree, order, judgment or other similar document unstayed and in effect for a period
of thirty (30) consecutive days;

(viii) other
than as specifically set forth in another clause of this Section 4(a), the Company breaches any representation or warranty, in any material
respect (other than representations or warranties subject to material adverse effect or materiality, which may not be breached in any
respect) or any covenant or other term or condition of the Forbearance Agreement, except, in the case of a breach of a covenant or other
term or condition that is curable, only if such breach remains uncured for a period of five (5) consecutive Trading Days;

5 

(ix) a
materially false or inaccurate certification by the Company as to whether any Event of Default has occurred; or

(x) any
Material Adverse Effect occurs. Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on (i) the business, properties,
assets, liabilities, operations (including results thereof), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
taken as a whole, (ii) the transactions contemplated hereby or in the Forbearance Agreement or any other agreements or instruments to
be entered into in connection herewith or therewith or (iii) the authority or ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to perform
any of their respective obligations under the Note or the Forbearance Agreement.

(b) Notice
of an Event of Default. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to this Note, the Company shall within one (1) Business
Day of its discovery of such Event of Default deliver written notice thereof via electronic mail and overnight courier (with next day
delivery specified) (an Event of Default Notice) to the Holder.

(c) Remedies.
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and at any time thereafter, Holder may at its option: (a) declare the entire Principal Amount,
together with all accrued Interest thereon, immediately due and payable; and (b) exercise any or all of its rights, powers, or remedies
under applicable law or available in equity; provided, however that, if a Bankruptcy Event of Default shall occur, the Principal Amount
and accrued Interest shall become immediately due and payable automatically and without any notice, declaration, or other act on the part
of Holder.

5. RIGHTS
UPON FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTION.

(a) Assumption.
The Company shall not enter into or be party to a Fundamental Transaction unless (i) the Successor Entity assumes in writing all
of the obligations of the Company under this Note in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5(a) pursuant to written agreements
in form and substance satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder prior to such Fundamental Transaction, including an agreement
to deliver to the holder of the Note in exchange for such Note a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to the Note, including, without limitation, having a principal amount and interest rate equal to the principal
amounts then outstanding and the interest rates of the Note held by such holder, having similar conversion rights as the Note satisfactory
to the Holder and (ii) the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) is a publicly traded corporation whose common stock is
quoted on or listed for trading on an Eligible Market. Upon the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall
succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Note referring
to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall
assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Note with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company
herein. Upon consummation of a Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall deliver to the Holder confirmation that there shall
be issued upon conversion or redemption of this Note at any time after the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction, in lieu of the
shares of Common Stock (or other securities, cash, assets or other property (except such items still issuable under Section 6, which shall
continue to be receivable thereafter)) issuable upon the conversion or redemption of the Note prior to such Fundamental Transaction, such
shares of the publicly traded common stock (or their equivalent) of the Successor Entity (including its Parent Entity) which the Holder
would have been entitled to receive upon the happening of such Fundamental Transaction had this Note been converted immediately prior
to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Note), as adjusted in accordance with the
provisions of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may elect, at its sole option, by delivery of written notice to the
Company to waive this Section 5(a) to permit the Fundamental Transaction without the assumption of this Note. The provisions of this Section
5 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Fundamental Transactions and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the
conversion of this Note.

(b) Notice
of a Change of Control. No sooner than twenty (20) Trading Days nor later than ten (10) Trading Days prior to the consummation of
a Change of Control, but not prior to the public announcement of such Change of Control, the Company shall deliver written notice thereof
via electronic mail and overnight courier to the Holder (a Change of Control Notice). At any time during the period
beginning after the Holders receipt of a Change of Control Notice or the Holder becoming aware of a Change of Control if a Change
of Control Notice is not delivered to the Holder in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence (as applicable) and ending on twenty
(20) Trading Days after the later of (A) the date of consummation of such Change of Control or (B) the date of receipt of such Change
of Control Notice or (C) the date of the announcement of such Change of Control, the Holder may require the Company to redeem all or any
portion of this Note by delivering written notice thereof (Change of Control Redemption Notice) to the Company, which
Change of Control Redemption Notice shall indicate the Conversion Amount the Holder is electing to redeem. The portion of this Note subject
to redemption pursuant to this Section 5 shall be redeemed by the Company in cash

6 

6. RIGHTS
UPON ISSUANCE OF PURCHASE RIGHTS AND OTHER CORPORATE EVENTS.

(a) Purchase
Rights. If at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants,
securities or other property pro rata to all or substantially all of the record holders of any class of Common Stock, excluding the Excluded
Transactions (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such
Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common
Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Note (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility
of this Note and assuming for such purpose that the Note was converted at the Conversion Price as of the applicable record date) immediately
prior to the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken,
the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights
(provided, however, that to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result
in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate
in such Purchase Right to the extent of the Maximum Percentage (and shall not be entitled to beneficial ownership of such shares of Common
Stock as a result of such Purchase Right (and beneficial ownership) to the extent of any such excess) and such Purchase Right to such
extent shall be held in abeyance (and, if such Purchase Right has an expiration date, maturity date or other similar provision, such term
shall be extended by such number of days held in abeyance, if applicable) for the benefit of the Holder until such time or times, if ever,
as its right thereto would not result in the Holder and the other Attribution Parties exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time
or times the Holder shall be granted such right (and any Purchase Right granted, issued or sold on such initial Purchase Right or on any
subsequent Purchase Right held similarly in abeyance (and, if such Purchase Right has an expiration date, maturity date or other similar
provision, such term shall be extended by such number of days held in abeyance, if applicable)) to the same extent as if there had been
no such limitation).

(b) Other
Corporate Events. In addition to and not in substitution for any other rights hereunder, prior to the consummation of any Fundamental
Transaction pursuant to which holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive securities or other assets with respect to or
in exchange for shares of Common Stock (a Corporate Event), the Company shall make appropriate provision to ensure
that the Holder will thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, at the Holders option (i) in addition to
the shares of Common Stock receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets to which the Holder would have been entitled
with respect to such shares of Common Stock had such shares of Common Stock been held by the Holder upon the consummation of such Corporate
Event (without taking into account any limitations or restrictions on the convertibility of this Note) or (ii) in lieu of the shares of
Common Stock otherwise receivable upon such conversion, such securities or other assets received by the holders of shares of Common Stock
in connection with the consummation of such Corporate Event in such amounts as the Holder would have been entitled to receive had this
Note initially been issued with conversion rights for the form of such consideration (as opposed to shares of Common Stock) at a conversion
rate for such consideration commensurate with the Conversion Rate. Provision made pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be in a form
and substance satisfactory to the Holder. The provisions of this Section 6 shall apply similarly and equally to successive Corporate Events
and shall be applied without regard to any limitations on the conversion or redemption of this Note.

7. NONCIRCUMVENTION.
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation as amended and as
in effect on the date hereof (including, without limitation, any certificate of designation contained therein), the Companys bylaws,
as amended and as in effect on the date hereof or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement,
dissolution, issue or sale of securities, or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of
the terms of this Note, and will at all times in good faith carry out all of the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be
required to protect the rights of the Holder of this Note. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of
this Note, the Company (a) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common Stock receivable upon conversion of this Note
above the Conversion Price then in effect, and (b) shall take all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the
Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of this Note.

8. RESERVATION
OF AUTHORIZED SHARES.

(a) Reservation.
So long as the Note remains outstanding, the Company shall at all times reserve at least 100% of the number of shares of Common Stock
as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the conversion of the Note then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on conversions
and assuming such Note remains outstanding until the Maturity Date) at the Conversion Price then in effect (the Required Reserve
Amount).

7 

(b) Insufficient
Authorized Shares. If, notwithstanding Section 8(a), and not in limitation thereof, at any time while the Note remains outstanding
the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation to reserve
for issuance upon conversion of the Note at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Required Reserve Amount (an Authorized
Share Failure), then the Company shall immediately take all action necessary to increase the Companys authorized shares
of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for the Note then outstanding. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, as soon as practicable after the date of the occurrence of an Authorized Share Failure,
but in no event later than forty-five (45) days after the occurrence of such Authorized Share Failure, the Company shall hold a meeting
of its stockholders for the approval of an increase in the number of authorized shares of Common Stock. In connection with such meeting,
the Company shall provide each stockholder with a proxy statement and shall use its best efforts to solicit its stockholders approval
of such increase in authorized shares of Common Stock and to cause its board of directors to recommend to the stockholders that they approve
such proposal.

9. VOTING
RIGHTS. The Holder shall have no voting rights as the holder of this Note, except as required by law (including, without limitation,
Title 8 of the Delaware General Corporation Law) and as expressly provided in this Note.

10. AMENDING
THE TERMS OF THIS NOTE. Except for Section 3(d), which may not be amended, modified or waived by the parties hereto, except to the
extent allowed by Section 3(d), the prior written consent of the Holder shall be required for any amendment, modification or waiver to
this Note. Any amendment, modification or waiver so approved shall be binding upon all existing and future holders of this Note.

11. TRANSFER.
This Note and any shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of this Note may be offered, sold, assigned or transferred by the Holder
without the consent of the Company.

12. REISSUANCE
OF THIS NOTE.

(a) Transfer.
If this Note is to be transferred, the Holder shall surrender this Note to the Company, whereupon the Company will forthwith issue and
deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note (in accordance with Section 12(d)), registered as the Holder may request, representing
the outstanding Principal Amount being transferred by the Holder and, if less than the entire outstanding Principal Amount is being transferred,
a new Note (in accordance with Section 12(d)) to the Holder representing the outstanding Principal Amount not being transferred. The Holder
and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of Section 3(c)(iii) following conversion
or redemption of any portion of this Note, the outstanding Principal Amount represented by this Note at the time of transfer, may be less
than the Principal Amount stated on the face of this Note.

(b) Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note (as to which a written certification and the indemnification contemplated below shall suffice as such evidence),
and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company in customary and reasonable
form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Holder
a new Note (in accordance with Section 12(d)) representing the outstanding Principal Amount.

(c) Note
Exchangeable for Different Denominations. This Note is exchangeable, upon the surrender hereof by the Holder at the principal office
of the Company, for a new Note or Notes (in accordance with Section 12(d) and in principal amounts of at least $1,000) representing in
the aggregate the outstanding Principal Amount of this Note, and each such new Note will represent such outstanding Principal Amount as
is designated by the Holder at the time of such surrender.

(d) Issuance
of New Note. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Note pursuant to the terms of this Note, such new Note (i) shall be of
like tenor with this Note, (ii) shall represent, as indicated on the face of such new Note, the Principal Amount remaining outstanding
(or in the case of a new Note being issued pursuant to Section 12(a) or Section 12(c), the Principal Amount designated by the Holder which,
when added to the principal represented by the other new Notes issued in connection with such issuance, does not exceed the Principal
Amount remaining outstanding under this Note immediately prior to such issuance of new Notes), (iii) shall have an issuance date, as indicated
on the face of such new Note, which is the same as the Issuance Date of this Note, and (iv) shall have the same rights and conditions
as this Note.

8 

13. REMEDIES,
CHARACTERIZATIONS, OTHER OBLIGATIONS, BREACHES AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. The remedies provided in this Note shall be cumulative and in
addition to all other remedies available under this Note at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other
injunctive relief), and nothing herein shall limit the Holders right to pursue actual and consequential damages for any failure
by the Company to comply with the terms of this Note. No failure on the part of the Holder to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any
right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise by the Holder of any right,
power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. In addition, the exercise
of any right or remedy of the Holder at law or equity or under this Note or any of the documents shall not be deemed to be an election
of Holders rights or remedies under such documents at law or in equity. The Company covenants to the Holder that there shall be
no characterization concerning this instrument other than as expressly provided herein. Amounts set forth or provided for herein with
respect to payments, conversion and the like (and the computation thereof) shall be the amounts to be received by the Holder and shall
not, except as expressly provided herein, be subject to any other obligation of the Company (or the performance thereof). The Company
acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder and that the remedy at law for
any such breach may be inadequate. The Company therefore agrees that, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, the Holder
shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to specific performance and/or temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive
or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction in any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages and
without posting a bond or other security. The Company shall provide all information and documentation to the Holder that is requested
by the Holder to enable the Holder to confirm the Companys compliance with the terms and conditions of this Note.

14. PAYMENT
OF COLLECTION, ENFORCEMENT AND OTHER COSTS. If (a) this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney for collection or enforcement or
is collected or enforced through any legal proceeding or the Holder otherwise takes action to collect amounts due under this Note or to
enforce the provisions of this Note or (b) there occurs any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership of the Company or other proceedings
affecting Company creditors rights and involving a claim under this Note, then the Company shall pay the costs incurred by the
Holder for such collection, enforcement or action or in connection with such bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other proceeding,
including, without limitation, attorneys fees and disbursements.

15. CONSTRUCTION;
HEADINGS. This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the initial Holder and shall not be construed against
any such Person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Note. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, each pronoun herein shall be deemed to include the masculine,
feminine, neuter, singular and plural forms thereof. The terms including, includes, include
and words of like import shall be construed broadly as if followed by the words without limitation. The terms herein,
hereunder, hereof and words of like import refer to this entire Note instead of just the provision in which
they are found. Unless expressly indicated otherwise, all section references are to sections of this Note.

16. FAILURE
OR INDULGENCE NOT WAIVER. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of the waiving party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 16 shall permit any waiver of any
provision of Section 3(d).

17. NOTICES;
CURRENCY; PAYMENTS.

(a) Notices.
Whenever notice is required to be given under this Note, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given in accordance with
written instructions given by the Company or the Holder. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written notice of all actions
taken pursuant to this Note, including in reasonable detail a description of such action and the reason therefor. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, the Company will give written notice to the Holder at least ten (10) days prior to the date on which the
Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend or distribution upon the Common Stock, (B) with respect to
any grant, issuances, or sales of any Options, Convertible Securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property
to holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or
liquidation, provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice
being provided to the Holder.

(b) Currency.
All dollar amounts referred to in this Note are in United States Dollars (U.S. Dollars), and all amounts owing under
this Note shall be paid in U.S. Dollars. All amounts denominated in other currencies (if any) shall be converted into the U.S. Dollar
equivalent amount in accordance with the Exchange Rate on the date of calculation. Exchange Rate means, in relation
to any amount of currency to be converted into U.S. Dollars pursuant to this Note, the U.S. Dollar exchange rate as published in the Wall
Street Journal on the relevant date of calculation (it being understood and agreed that where an amount is calculated with reference to,
or over, a period of time, the date of calculation shall be the final date of such period of time).

9 

(c) Payments.
Whenever any payment of cash is to be made by the Company to any Person pursuant to this Note, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein,
such payment shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America by a certified check drawn on the account of the Company and
sent via overnight courier service to such Person at such address as previously provided to the Company in writing, provided that the
Holder may elect to receive a payment of cash via wire transfer of immediately available funds by providing the Company with prior written
notice setting out such request and the Holders wire transfer instructions. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms
of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business
Day.

18. CANCELLATION.
After all Principal Amount, accrued Interest and other amounts at any time owed on this Note have been paid in full, this Note shall automatically
be deemed canceled, shall be surrendered to the Company for cancellation and shall not be reissued.

19. WAIVER
OF NOTICE. To the extent permitted by law, the Company hereby irrevocably waives demand, notice, presentment, protest and all other
demands and notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement of this Note and the Forbearance
Agreement.

20. GOVERNING
LAW. This Note shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and all questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation
and performance of this Note shall be governed by, the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of
law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application
of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not
to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such
suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Nothing
contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
or operate to preclude the Holder from bringing suit or taking other legal action against the Company in any other jurisdiction to collect
on the Companys obligations to the Holder or to enforce a judgment or other court ruling in favor of the Holder. THE COMPANY
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER
OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

21. JUDGMENT
CURRENCY.

(a) If
for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against the Company in any court in any jurisdiction it becomes necessary to convert
into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Section 21 referred to as the Judgment Currency)
an amount due in U.S. dollars under this Note, the conversion shall be made at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Trading Day immediately
preceding:

(i) the
date actual payment of the amount due, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of New York or in the courts of any other jurisdiction
that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date: or

(ii) the
date on which the foreign court determines, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the date as of which
such conversion is made pursuant to this Section 21(a)(ii) being hereinafter referred to as the Judgment Conversion Date).

(b) If
in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction referred to in Section 21(a)(ii) above, there is a change in the Exchange
Rate prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual payment of the amount due, the applicable party shall pay
such adjusted amount as may be necessary to ensure that the amount paid in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the Exchange Rate
prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of US dollars which could have been purchased with the amount of Judgment Currency
stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the Exchange Rate prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date.

(c) Any
amount due from the Company under this provision shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained
for any other amounts due under or in respect of this Note.

22. SEVERABILITY.
If any provision of this Note is prohibited by law or otherwise determined to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
the provision that would otherwise be prohibited, invalid or unenforceable shall be deemed amended to apply to the broadest extent that
it would be valid and enforceable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of this Note so long as this Note as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of
the parties as to the subject matter hereof and the prohibited nature, invalidity or unenforceability of the provision(s) in question
does not substantially impair the respective expectations or reciprocal obligations of the parties or the practical realization of the
benefits that would otherwise be conferred upon the parties. The parties will endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s) with a valid provision(s), the effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited,
invalid or unenforceable provision(s).

10 

23. MAXIMUM
PAYMENTS. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to establish or require the payment of a rate of interest or other charges in excess
of the maximum permitted by applicable law. In the event that the rate of interest required to be paid or other charges hereunder exceed
the maximum permitted by such law, any payments in excess of such maximum shall be credited against amounts owed by the Company to the
Holder and thus refunded to the Company.

24. CERTAIN
DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

(a) 1934
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(b) Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person, it being understood for purposes of this definition that control of a Person means the power directly
or indirectly either to vote 10% or more of the stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

(c) Attribution
Parties means, collectively, the following Persons and entities: (i) any investment vehicle, including, any funds, feeder funds
or managed accounts, currently, or from time to time after the Issuance Date, directly or indirectly managed or advised by the Holders
investment manager or any of its Affiliates or principals, (ii) any direct or indirect Affiliates of the Holder or any of the foregoing,
(iii) any Person acting or who could be deemed to be acting as a Group together with the Holder or any of the foregoing and (iv) any other
Persons whose beneficial ownership of the Companys Common Stock would or could be aggregated with the Holders and the other
Attribution Parties for purposes of Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. For clarity, the purpose of the foregoing is to subject collectively
the Holder and all other Attribution Parties to the Maximum Percentage, for each Conversion Notice tendered to the Company.

(d) Bloomberg
means Bloomberg, L.P.

(e) Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial
banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place,
non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations
at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial
banks in The City of New York generally are open for use by customers on such day.

(f) Change
of Control means any Fundamental Transaction other than (i) any merger of the Company or any of its, direct or indirect, wholly-owned
Subsidiaries with or into any of the foregoing Persons, (ii) any reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of the shares of
Common Stock in which holders of the Companys voting power immediately prior to such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification
continue after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification to hold publicly traded securities and, directly or indirectly,
are, in all material respects, the holders of the voting power of the surviving entity (or entities with the authority or voting power to
elect the members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of such entity or entities) after such reorganization,
recapitalization or reclassification, or (iii) pursuant to a migratory merger effected solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction
of incorporation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(g) Closing
Bid Price and Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, the last closing bid price and
last closing trade price, respectively, for such security on the Principal Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the Principal Market
begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing bid price or the closing trade price (as the case may
be) then the last bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg,
or, if the Principal Market is not the principal exchange or trading market for such security, the last closing bid price or last trade
price, respectively, of such security on the principal exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded as reported
by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not apply, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security in the
over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no closing bid price or last
trade price, respectively, is reported for such security by Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or the ask prices, respectively,
of any market makers for such security as reported in The Pink Open Market (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions
of reporting prices). If the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any
of the foregoing bases, the Closing Bid Price or the Closing Sale Price (as the case may be) of such security on such date shall be the
fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any
stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions during such period.

11 

(h) Common
Stock means shares of the Companys shares of Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and any other class of
securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

(i) Convertible
Securities means any stock or other security (other than Options) that is at any time and under any circumstances, directly
or indirectly, convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable for, or which otherwise entitles the holder thereof to acquire, any shares
of Common Stock.

(j) Eligible
Market means The New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market
or the Principal Market.

(k) Excluded
Transactions means the dividend or other distribution of the equity interests of any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company
and any corporate restructurings, reorganizations and other transactions completed in connection with the foregoing.

(l) Fundamental
Transaction means (A) that the Company shall, directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise,
in one or more related transactions, (i) consolidate or merge with or into (whether or not the Company is the surviving corporation) another
Subject Entity, or (ii) sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of
the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X) to one or more Subject Entities,
or (iii) make, or allow one or more Subject Entities to make, or allow the Company to be subject to or have its Common Stock be subject
to or party to one or more Subject Entities making, a purchase, tender or exchange offer that is accepted by the holders of at least either
(x) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated as if any shares of Common
Stock held by all Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entities making or party to, such purchase, tender
or exchange offer were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock such that all Subject Entities making or party to,
or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or party to, such purchase, tender or exchange offer, become collectively the beneficial
owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iv) consummate a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with one or more Subject Entities whereby all such Subject Entities, individually or in the aggregate, acquire,
either (x) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock calculated
as if any shares of Common Stock held by all the Subject Entities making or party to, or Affiliated with any Subject Entity making or
party to, such stock purchase agreement or other business combination were not outstanding; or (z) such number of shares of Common Stock
such that the Subject Entities become collectively the beneficial owners (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of at least 50%
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (v) reorganize, recapitalize or reclassify its Common Stock, (B) that the Company shall,
directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries, Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, allow any Subject
Entity individually or the Subject Entities in the aggregate to be or become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3
under the 1934 Act), directly or indirectly, whether through acquisition, purchase, assignment, conveyance, tender, tender offer, exchange,
reduction in outstanding shares of Common Stock, merger, consolidation, business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off,
scheme of arrangement, reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification or otherwise in any manner whatsoever, of either (x) at least
50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock, (y) at least 50% of the aggregate ordinary
voting power represented by issued and outstanding Common Stock not held by all such Subject Entities as of the date of this Note calculated
as if any shares of Common Stock held by all such Subject Entities were not outstanding, or (z) a percentage of the aggregate ordinary
voting power represented by issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock or other equity securities of the Company sufficient to allow
such Subject Entities to effect a statutory short form merger or other transaction requiring other stockholders of the Company to surrender
their shares of Common Stock without approval of the stockholders of the Company or (C) directly or indirectly, including through subsidiaries,
Affiliates or otherwise, in one or more related transactions, the issuance of or the entering into any other instrument or transaction
structured in a manner to circumvent, or that circumvents, the intent of this definition in which case this definition shall be construed
and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this definition to the extent necessary to correct this
definition or any portion of this definition which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended treatment of such instrument or
transaction.

(m) Group
means a group as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act and as defined in Rule 13d-5 thereunder.

12 

(n) Maturity
Date shall mean May 15, 2025.

(o) Options
means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities.

(p) Parent
Entity of a Person means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls the applicable Person and whose common stock or equivalent
equity security is quoted or listed on an Eligible Market, or, if there is more than one such Person or Parent Entity, the Person or Parent
Entity with the largest public market capitalization as of the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction.

(q) Person
means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization,
any other entity or a government or any department or agency thereof.

(r) Principal
Market means the NYSE American.

(s) SEC
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the successor thereto.

(t) SLAP
means the Supplemental Listing Application to be filed with the Principal Market.

(u) Stockholder
Approval means the approval of the issuance of the shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note in compliance with the
rules and regulations of the Principal Market (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein).

(v) Subject
Entity means any Person, Persons or Group or any Affiliate or associate of any such Person, Persons or Group.

(w) Subsidiaries
means any Person in which the Company, directly or indirectly, (I) owns a majority of the outstanding capital stock or holds a majority
of the equity or similar interest of such Person.

(x) 
Successor Entity means the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) formed by, resulting from
or surviving any Fundamental Transaction or the Person (or, if so elected by the Holder, the Parent Entity) with which such Fundamental
Transaction shall have been entered into.

(y) Trading
Day means, as applicable, (x) with respect to all price or trading volume determinations relating to the Common Stock, any
day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for the
Common Stock, then on the principal exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded, provided that Trading
Day shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours
or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange
or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00:00
p.m., New York time) unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Holder or (y) with respect to all determinations
other than price determinations relating to the Common Stock, any day on which The New York Stock Exchange (or any successor thereto)
is open for trading of securities.

25. DISCLOSURE.
Upon delivery by the Company to the Holder (or receipt by the Company from the Holder) of any notice in accordance with the terms of this
Note, unless the Company has in good faith determined that the matters relating to such notice do not constitute material, non-public
information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall on or prior to 9:00 am, New York city time on the Business
Day immediately following such notice delivery date, publicly disclose such material, non-public information on a Current Report on Form
8-K or otherwise. In the event that the Company believes that a notice contains material, non-public information relating to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company so shall indicate to the Holder explicitly in writing in such notice (or immediately upon receipt
of notice from the Holder, as applicable), and in the absence of any such written indication in such notice (or notification from the
Company immediately upon receipt of notice from the Holder), the Holder shall be entitled to presume that information contained in the
notice does not constitute material, non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

13 

26. ABSENCE
OF TRADING AND DISCLOSURE RESTRICTIONS. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Holder is not a fiduciary or agent of the Company
and that the Holder shall have no obligation to (a) maintain the confidentiality of any information provided by the Company or (b) refrain
from trading any securities while in possession of such information in the absence of a written non-disclosure agreement signed by an
officer of the Holder that explicitly provides for such confidentiality and trading restrictions. In the absence of such an executed,
written non-disclosure agreement, the Company acknowledges that the Holder may freely trade in any securities issued by the Company, may
possess and use any information provided by the Company in connection with such trading activity, and may disclose any such information
to any third party.

[signature page follows]

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Note to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set out above.

HYPERSCALE DATA, INC. 

By: 

Name: William B. Horne 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Convertible Note - Signature Page

EXHIBIT
I

HYPERSCALE DATA, INC.

CONVERSION NOTICE

Reference is made to the Convertible
Note (the Note) issued to the undersigned by Hyperscale Data, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company).
In accordance with and pursuant to the Note, the undersigned hereby elects to convert the Conversion Amount (as defined in the Note) of
the Note indicated below into shares of common stock, no par value per share (the Common Stock), of the Company,
as of the date specified below. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as set forth in the Note.

Date of Conversion: 

Aggregate Principal Amount to be converted: 

Aggregate accrued and unpaid Interest with respect to such portion of the Aggregate Principal Amount and such Aggregate Interest to be converted: 

AGGREGATE CONVERSION AMOUNT

TO BE CONVERTED: 

Please confirm the following information:

Conversion Price: 

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued: 

Please issue the Common Stock into which the Note
is being converted to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:

o Check
here if requesting delivery as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:

Issue to: 

o Check
here if requesting delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows: 

DTC Participant: 

DTC Number: 

Account Number: 

Date: _____________ __, _________

______________________________

Name of Registered Holder 

By: ___________________________

Name:

Title:

Tax ID:_____________________

E-mail Address: 

Exhibit II

ACKNOWLEDGMENT

The Company hereby (a) acknowledges
this Conversion Notice dated ________________, (b) certifies that the above indicated number of shares of Common Stock are eligible to
be resold by the Holder and (c) hereby directs Computershare Transfer and Trust Company, N.A. to issue the above indicated number of shares
of Common Stock.

HYPERSCALE DATA, INC. 

By: 

Name: William B. Horne 

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10_1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

HYPERSCALE
DATA, Inc.

Amended
and Restated Forbearance Agreement for

10% OID
Convertible Promissory Note

This amended and restated
forbearance agreement (the Agreement), dated as February 25, 2025, amends and restates the forbearance agreement
dated December 10, 2024 (the Original Forbearance Agreement) entered into by and between Esousa Group Holdings LLC
(Esousa) and Hyperscale Data, Inc. (formerly, Ault Alliance, Inc.) (HDI). The Original Forbearance
Agreement related to a forbearance on the 10% OID Convertible Promissory Note dated July 19, 2024, as previously amended (the Note),
issued to Esousa by HDI. All capitalized terms in this Agreement and not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms
in the Original Forbearance Agreement.

WHEREAS, the Note matured
on October 19, 2024.

WHEREAS, the Original
Forbearance Agreement was in the principal amount of Eight Hundred Fifty-Three Thousand Sixty-Seven Dollars and Ninety-Three Cents ($853,067.93)
(the Original Forbearance Note and together with the Note, the Original Notes).

WHEREAS, as consideration
for the issuance of the Original Forbearance Note, Esousa agreed to further forbear on the Note, to not foreclose on or declare the Note
in default until December 31, 2024.

WHEREAS, as of February
24, 2025, the total outstanding amount owed on the Original Forbearance Note was Eight Hundred Eighty-Six Thousand Seven Hundred Twenty-Three
Dollars and Twenty-One Cents ($887,985.29), representing Eight Hundred Fifty-Three Thousand Sixty-Seven Dollars and Ninety-Three Cents
($853,067.93) of Principal and Thirty-Four Thousand Nine Hundred Seventeen Dollars and Thirty-Six Cents ($34,917.36) of accrued but unpaid
interest.

WHEREAS, as of February
25, 2025, the Conversion Price of the Original Forbearance Note was $5.47.

WHEREAS, as a result
of the decline in the price of the Common Stock since the date of issuance of the Original Forbearance Note, the value of the shares issuable
to Esousa upon conversion of the Original Forbearance Note has declined, and HDI wishes to provide a true-up to Esousa to reflect the
approximate difference between the existing Conversion Price of the Note and a conversion price of $2.00 per share, which is an amount
equal to Two Million Three Hundred Thousand Ninety-Eight Dollars and Four Cents ($2,300,098.04) (the True-Up Amount).

WHEREAS, HDI has agreed
to pay Esousa a forbearance extension fee of Three Hundred Eleven Thousand Nine Hundred Sixteen Dollars and Sixty-Seven Cents ($311,916.67)
(the Extension Fee), representing six percent (6%) of the total Principal Amount due under the Note as of February
25, 2025.

WHEREAS, HDI and Esousa
have agreed to amend and restate the Original Forbearance Note, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the A&R
Forbearance Note and together with the Note, the Current Notes), to (i) extend the Maturity Date, (ii)
revise the Principal Amount of the Original Forbearance Note as of February 21, 2025 by adding the True-Up Amount and Extension Fee pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement, (iii) reduce the Conversion Price of the Original Forbearance Note to $2.00 per share and (iv) require
a payment of $250,000.00 (the Initial Payment) towards the Principal Amount of the Note no later than March 6, 2025
(the Initial Payment Date).

WHEREAS, as consideration
for the issuance of the A&R Forbearance Note, Esousa has agreed to (i) further forbear on the Note, to not foreclose on or declare
the Note in Default through May 15, 2025 (the Forbearance) and (ii) cancel all remaining amounts due under the Note
and/or the A&R Forbearance Note upon Esousa receiving aggregate proceeds of $5.5 million on or after the date of this Agreement, either
through cash payments by HDI on the Current Notes (principal and/or interest) or net proceeds from the sale of Conversion Shares issued
upon conversion of the Current Notes.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. HDI
hereby issues the A&R Forbearance Note to Esousa.

2. For
agreeing to enter into this Agreement and issue the A&R Forbearance Note, Esousa agrees to the Forbearance.

3. Notwithstanding
the date of execution hereunder, this Agreement shall be deemed effective as of December 31, 2024, and Esousa confirms and acknowledges
that no Event of Default occurred under the Original Notes as a result of any lapse of time between December 31, 2024 and the date of
execution of this Agreement.

4. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Original Notes or the A&R Forbearance Note, at such time that Esousa receives
aggregate proceeds of $5.5 million on or after the date of this Agreement (the Repayment Threshold), either through
(i) cash payments by HDI on the Current Notes (principal and/or interest), (ii) receipt of net proceeds from the sale of Conversion Shares
issued upon conversion of the Current Notes or (iii) a combination of (i) and (ii), then, the parties agree that at such time, with immediate
effect and without any further action required by either HDI or Esousa, any further amounts owed under the Current Notes, whether principal,
interest, default interest, fees, expenses, liquidated damages or other, shall be forgiven by Esousa in its entirety, HDI shall have no
further obligation to Esousa under the Current Notes, and the Current Notes shall be deemed repaid in full and null and void. Provided
that the Initial Payment is paid to Esousa no later than the Initial Payment Date, in the event that Esousa receives aggregate proceeds
in excess of the Repayment Threshold (any such amounts, Excess Proceeds), Esousa agrees that such Excess Proceeds
shall be applied as a repayment by RiskOn International, Inc. (ROI), a majority owned subsidiary of HDI, to Esousa
pursuant to the term note issued by ROI to Esousa on February 9, 2024, as amended (the ROI Note). If the Initial
Payment is not made no later than the Initial Payment Date, no Excess Proceeds shall be applied to the repayment of the amount outstanding
amount under the ROI Note. Until such time as the Current Notes are no longer outstanding, Esousa agrees to provide HDI, on every Monday,
with copies of all brokerage statements showing any transactions involving the Common Stock of HDI for the prior week. HDI and Esousa
agree to calculate and confirm the amounts received by Esousa towards the Repayment Threshold on a weekly basis, and use their best efforts
to resolve any differences in the records kept by each party. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Section 4 of the
Agreement and the Current Notes, the terms of this Section 4 of the Agreement shall control.

5. This
Agreement shall be binding on the Holder and all of its successors, heirs, personal representatives and assigns and permitted transferees.

6. Except
as amended hereby, the Original Notes shall remain unmodified and are hereby ratified in all respects.

7. This
Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by electronic or facsimile transmission) in one or more counterparts, and by the different
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original but all of which
taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

2 

8. All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws
of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New
York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Each
of HDI and Esousa hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in The City of New
York, Borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or under any of the Current Notes
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is
brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper.

Agreed this 25th
day of February, 2025.

HYPERSCALE DATA, INC. ESOUSA GROUP HOLDINGS LLC 

By: By: 

Milton C. Ault, III Michael Wachs 

Executive Chairman Managing Member 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>gpus-20250226.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>gpus-20250226_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>gpus-20250226_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>gpus-20250226_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 26, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 26, 2025

Entity File Number 001-12711

Entity Registrant Name HYPERSCALE DATA, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0000896493

Entity Tax Identification Number 94-1721931

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 11411 Southern Highlands Parkway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 240

Entity Address, City or Town Las Vegas

Entity Address, State or Province NV

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 89141

City Area Code (949)

Local Phone Number 444-5464

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol GPUS

Security Exchange Name NYSE

13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security 13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol GPUS PD

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=GPUS_ClassCommonStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=GPUS_Sec13.00SeriesDCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://GPUS/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

gpus-20250226.xsd 
gpus-20250226_def.xml 
gpus-20250226_lab.xml 
gpus-20250226_pre.xml 
y2262518k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001214659-25-003526-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>y2262518k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000896493 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0000896493 

GPUS:ClassCommonStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

0000896493 

GPUS:Sec13.00SeriesDCumulativeRedeemablePerpetualPreferredStockParValue0.001PerShareMember 

2025-02-26 
2025-02-26 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0000896493 
false 
false 
false 
false 
8-K 
2025-02-26 
HYPERSCALE DATA, INC. 
DE 
001-12711 
94-1721931 
11411 Southern Highlands Parkway 
Suite 240 
Las Vegas 
NV 
89141 
(949) 
444-5464 
Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value 
GPUS 
NYSE 
13.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
GPUS PD 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>