<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-002386.txt : 20250404
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-002386.hdr.sgml : 20250404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250404163017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-002386
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		26
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250331
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250404

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002036973
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42577
		FILM NUMBER:		25815172

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		340 EAST 64TH STREET, APT 5P
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(412)-947-0514

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		340 EAST 64TH STREET, APT 5P
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>uyscuti_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--03-31000203697300020369732025-03-312025-03-310002036973UYSCU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOneRightMember2025-03-312025-03-310002036973UYSCU:OrdinaryShares0.0001ParValueMember2025-03-312025-03-310002036973UYSCU:RightsToReceiveOnefifth15OfOneOrdinaryShareMember2025-03-312025-03-31iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

March 31, 2025

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

UY Scuti Acquisition Corporation

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)

Cayman Islands 001-42577 00-0000000
N/A

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

39 E. Broadway, Suite 603

New York, New York10002

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, and Zip Code)

(412)947-0514

Registrants Telephone Number, Including Area Code

Not Applicable

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communication pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communication pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one right UYSCU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value UYSC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Rights
to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of one Ordinary Share UYSCR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 31, 2025, the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284815), initially filed by UY Scuti Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) on February 11, 2025, as amended (the Registration Statement), relating to the initial public offering of the Company (the IPO) was declared effective by the Commission.

On April 1, 2025, the Company consummated the IPO of 5,000,000 units (the Units). Each Unit consists of one ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of one Ordinary Share upon the consummation of the Companys initial business combination. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $50,000,000. The Company has also granted the underwriters in the IPO (the Underwriters) a 45-day option to purchase up to 750,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any.

In connection with the IPO, the Company amended and restated its memorandum and articles of association and entered into the following agreements, forms of which were previously filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement:

An Underwriting Agreement dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and Maxim Group, LLC, as representative of the underwriters (the Representative), a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Rights Agreement dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as rights agent, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Letter Agreement dated March 31, 2025 (the Letter Agreement), by and among the Company, its officers, directors and the Companys sponsor, UY Scuti Investments Limited (the Sponsor), a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Investment Management Trust Agreement dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Registration Rights Agreement dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and certain security holders, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

A Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (the Unit Purchase Agreement), a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.4 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Indemnity Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and its officers and directors, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.5 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

An Administrative Support Agreement dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and the Sponsor, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.6 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

The material terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and the above agreements of the Company are fully described in the Registration Statement as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

1

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, pursuant
to the Unit Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the private sale to the Sponsor of an aggregate of 227,500 placement units (the
Sponsor Private Placement Units) at a purchase price of $10.00 per unit (the Private Placement). Prior to
the closing of the IPO, the principal amount of $337,584 that the Sponsor had previously loaned to the Company pursuant to that certain
amended and restated promissory note dated as of January 27, 2025 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement)
remained outstanding. In connection with the completion of the IPO, the Sponsor instructed the Company to offset repayment of an amount
of $275,000 outstanding under such note against a corresponding portion of the purchase price for the Sponsor Private Placement Units.
The Private Placement resulted in gross proceeds to the Company of $2,275,000, including cancellation of $275,000 of indebtedness.

The Sponsor Private Placement Units are identical
to the Units sold in the IPO, except that the Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Sponsor Private Placement
Units (except to certain permitted transferees) until after the completion of the Companys initial business combination.
No underwriting discounts or commissions, or other discounts or commissions, were paid with respect to the Private Placement. The Private
Placement was conducted as a non-public transaction and, as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering, is exempt from
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act.

Item 5.03. Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On March 31, 2025, in connection with the IPO, the Company adopted its Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Amended Charter), effective the same day. The terms of the Amended Charter are set forth in the Registration Statement and are incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the Amended Charter is attached as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

As of April 1, 2025, a total of $50,000,000,
comprised of proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Sponsor Private Placement Units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account at Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may
be released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any, the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account
until the earliest of: (1) the completion of the Companys initial business combination; (2) the redemption of any public shares
properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Amended Charter (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Companys
obligation to allow redemptions in connection with its initial business combination or to redeem 100% of its public shares if the Company
does not complete its initial business combination within twelve (12) months from the closing of the IPO or up to 18 months, if extended,
subject to applicable law, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity; and (3) the redemption of all of the Companys public shares if it has not completed its initial business combination
within twelve (12) months from the closing of the IPO or up to 18 months, if extended, subject to applicable law.

On March 31, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the pricing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

On April 1, 2025, the Company issued a press
release announcing the closing of the IPO, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

2

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit No. Description

1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 31, 2025, by and between the Company and Maxim Group, LLC as representative of the underwriters

3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, dated as of March 31, 2025

4.1 Rights Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Company, dated as of March 31, 2025

10.1 Letter Agreement among the Company and its officers, directors and UY Scuti Investments, Limited, dated as of March 31, 2025

10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement among the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, dated as of March 31, 2025

10.3 Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and certain security holders dated as of March 31, 2025

10.4 Private Placement Unit Purchase Agreement dated as of March 31, 2025 between the Company and UY Scuti Investments, Limited

10.5 Indemnity Agreement dated as of March 31, 2025 between the Company, its officers and directors

10.6 Administrative Support Agreement dated as of March 31, 2025 by and between the Company and UY Scuti Investments, Limited

99.1 Press Release, dated March 31, 2025

99.2 Press Release, dated April 1, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

3

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this Report on Form 8-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

UY Scuti Acquisition Corporation

Dated: April 4, 2025 By: /s/ Jialuan Ma

Name: Jialuan Ma

Title: Chief Executive Officer

4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>uyscuti_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

Execution Version

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT

New York, New York

March 31, 2025

Maxim Group LLC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New York, NY 10022

As Representative of the Underwriters

named on Schedule A hereto

Ladies and Gentlemen:

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), hereby confirms its agreement with Maxim Group LLC (the Representative or Maxim), as representative of the several underwriters named on Schedule A hereto (the Underwriters or, each underwriter individually, an Underwriter), as follows:

1. Purchase and Sale of Securities.

1.1 Firm Securities.

1.1.1 Purchase of Firm Units. On the basis of the representations and warranties contained herein, but subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the several Underwriters, severally and not jointly, and the Underwriters agree to purchase from the Company, severally and not jointly, an aggregate of 5,000,000 units (the Firm Units) of the Company, as set forth opposite the respective names of the Underwriters on Schedule A hereto, at a purchase price (net of discounts and commissions) of $9.825 per Firm Unit. The Firm Units are to be offered initially to the public (the Offering) at the offering price of $10.00 per Firm Unit. Each Firm Unit consists of one ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares) and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one Ordinary Share (the Rights) upon the consummation by the Company of a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination) pursuant to the Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.24). The Ordinary Shares and Rights included in the Firm Units will trade separately on the 52nd day following the date hereof unless the Representative determines to allow earlier separate trading. Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, in no event will the Ordinary Shares and Rights included in the Firm Units trade separately until (i) the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) a Current Report on Form 8-K that includes an audited balance sheet reflecting the Companys receipt of the proceeds of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement (as defined in Section 1.3.2) and updated financial information with respect to any proceeds the Company receives from the exercise of the Over-allotment Option (defined below) if such option is exercised prior to the filing of the Form 8-K, and (ii) the Company has filed with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K and issued a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin.

1.1.2 Payment and Delivery. Delivery and payment for the Firm Units shall be made at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the first (1st) Business Day (as defined below) following the commencement of trading of the Firm Units, or at such earlier time as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company, at the offices of Loeb & Loeb LLP, counsel to the Underwriters (Loeb), or at such other place as shall be agreed upon by the Representative and the Company. The hour and date of delivery and payment for the Firm Units is called the Closing Date. Payment for the Firm Units shall be made on the Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows: $50,000,000 of the proceeds received by the Company for the Firm Units and the sale of Placement Units (as defined in Section 1.3.2) shall be deposited in the trust account (Trust Account) established by the Company for the benefit of the Public Shareholders, as described in the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1) pursuant to the terms of an Investment Management Trust Agreement (the Trust Agreement) between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee). The remaining proceeds (less commissions and actual expense payments or other fees payable pursuant to this Agreement), if any, shall be paid to the order of the Company upon delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Firm Units (or through the facilities of the Depository Trust Company (DTC)) for the account of the Underwriters. The Firm Units shall be registered in such name or names and in such authorized denominations as the Representative may request in writing at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company will permit the Representative to examine and package the Firm Units for delivery, at least one (1) full Business Day prior to the Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver any of the Firm Units except upon tender of payment by the Representative for all the Firm Units. As used herein, the term Public Shareholders means the holders of Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Offering or acquired in the aftermarket, including the Initial Shareholders (defined below) to the extent such Initial Shareholders acquire such Ordinary Shares in the aftermarket (and solely with respect to such Ordinary Shares). Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally are open for use by customers on such day.

1.2 Over-Allotment Option.

1.2.1 Option Units. The Representative is hereby granted an option (the Over-allotment Option) to purchase up to an additional 750,000 units (the Option Units), the gross proceeds of which will be deposited in the Trust Account, for the purposes of covering any over-allotments in connection with the distribution and sale of the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be identical in all respects to the Firm Units. Such Option Units shall be purchased for each account of the several Underwriters in the same proportion as the number of Firm Units, set forth opposite such Underwriters name on Schedule A hereto, bears to the total number of Firm Units (subject to adjustment by the Representative to eliminate fractions). The Firm Units and the Option Units are hereinafter collectively referred to as the Units, and the Units, the Ordinary Shares and Rights included in the Units, and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Rights are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Public Securities. No Option Units shall be sold or delivered unless the Firm Units previously have been, or simultaneously are, sold and delivered. The right to purchase the Option Units, or any portion thereof, may be exercised from time to time and to the extent not previously exercised may be surrendered and terminated at any time upon notice by the Representative to the Company. The purchase price to be paid for each Option Unit will be the same price per Firm Unit set forth in Section 1.1.1 hereof.

1.2.2 Exercise of Option. The Over-allotment Option granted pursuant to Section 1.2.1 hereof may be exercised by the Representative as to all (at any time) or any part (from time to time) of the Option Units within 45 days after the effective date (Effective Date) of the Registration Statement (as defined in Section 2.1.1 hereof). The Underwriters will not be under any obligation to purchase any Option Units prior to the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The Over-allotment Option granted hereby may be exercised by the giving of written notice (which may be by email) to the Company by the Representative, which must be confirmed in accordance with Section 10.1 herein setting forth the number of Option Units to be purchased and the date and time for delivery of and payment for the Option Units (the Option Closing Date), which will not be later than five (5) full Business Days after the date of the notice or such other time and in such other manner as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative, at the offices of Loeb or at such other place (including remotely by facsimile or other electronic transmission) as shall be agreed upon by the Company and the Representative. If such delivery and payment for the Option Units does not occur on the Closing Date, the Option Closing Date will be as set forth in the notice. Upon exercise of the Over-allotment Option, the Company will become obligated to convey to the Underwriters, and, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Underwriters will become obligated to purchase, the number of Option Units specified in such notice.

2

1.2.3 Payment and Delivery. Payment for the Option Units shall be made on the Option Closing Date by wire transfer in Federal (same day) funds, payable as follows: $9.825 per Option Unit shall be deposited by the Representative in the Trust Account pursuant to the Trust Agreement upon delivery to the Representative of certificates (in form and substance satisfactory to the Representative) representing the Option Units (or through the facilities of DTC) for the account of the Representative. The certificates representing the Option Units to be delivered will be in such denominations and registered in such names as the Representative requests in writing not less than one full Business Day prior to the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and will be made available to the Representative for inspection, checking and packaging at the aforesaid office of the Companys transfer agent or correspondent not less than one full Business Day prior to such Closing Date. The Company shall not be obligated to sell or deliver the Option Units except upon tender of payment by the Underwriters for applicable Option Units.

1.3 Private Placements.

1.3.1 Founder Shares. On August 2, 2024, UY Scuti Investments Limited (the Sponsor) acquired an aggregate of 1,725,000 Ordinary Shares, of which 287,500 shares were subsequently cancelled, resulting in 1,437,500 Ordinary Shares held by the Sponsor (the Founder Shares), for an aggregate consideration of $25,000. No underwriting discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the purchase of Founder Shares. Except as described in the Registration Statement, none of the Founder Shares may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor or any of its transferees prior to the date hereof (collectively, the Initial Shareholders) until the earlier of: (i) six months following the consummation of the Business Combination; or (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization, or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination, that results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the last sale price of the Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing 150 days after the initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from such transfer restrictions. The holders of Founder Shares shall have no right to any liquidating distributions with respect to any portion of the Founder Shares in the event the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the period of time as provided in its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The holders of the Founder Shares shall not have redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares. In the event that the Over-allotment Option is not exercised in full, the Sponsor will be required to forfeit such number of Founder Shares (up to 187,500 Founder Shares) such that the Founder Shares then outstanding will comprise approximately 20% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company (excluding the Placement Shares (as defined below) and the Representative Shares (as defined below)) after giving effect to the Offering and exercise, if any, of the Over-allotment Option.

1.3.2 Unit Private Placement. Simultaneously with the Closing Date, the Sponsor (and/or its designees) will purchase from the Company pursuant to a Sponsor Unit Purchase Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.2 below) an aggregate of 227,500 units of the Company, which units are identical to the Firm Units subject to certain exceptions (collectively, the Placement Units) at a purchase price of $10.00 per Placement Unit in a private placement (the Unit Private Placement) intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. The terms of the Placement Units are as described in the Prospectus (as defined in Section 2.1.1 below). Simultaneously with the Option Closing Date (if any), the Sponsor will purchase from the Company pursuant to the Sponsor Unit Purchase Agreement, up to an additional 13,348 Placement Units at a purchase price of $10.00 per Placement Unit in a private placement intended to be exempt from registration under the Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. The purchase price for the Placement Units to be paid by the Sponsor has been delivered to the Trustee or counsel to the Company or the Representative to hold in a separate escrow account at least 24 hours prior to the date hereof so that such funds are readily available to be delivered to the Trust Account on the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be. The Placement Units, the Ordinary Shares (the Placement Shares) and the Rights (the Placement Rights) underlying the Placement Units, and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Placement Rights are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Placement Securities. No underwriting discounts, commissions, or placement fees have been or will be payable in connection with the Placement Securities sold in the Unit Private Placement. The Placement Units are identical to the Firm Units except that none of the Placement Securities may be sold, assigned or transferred by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees until the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination. The Public Securities, the Placement Securities, the Representative Shares (as define in Section 1.5) and the Founder Shares are hereinafter referred to collectively as the Securities.

3

1.4 Representatives Ordinary Shares. Upon the closing of the Offering, the Company shall issue to the Representative or its designees 200,000 Ordinary Shares, or up to 230,000 Ordinary Shares upon full exercise of the Over-allotment Option (the Representative Shares). The Representative hereby agrees, and has caused its designees to agree, not to transfer, assign or sell any such Representative Shares until the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition, the Representative hereby agrees (i) to waive its redemption rights (or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or amendment to the Charter Documents (as defined below) relating to pre-Business Combination activity and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the period of time as provided in its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. The Representative Shares will not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put, or call transaction that would result in the effective economic disposition of the Representative Shares by any person, for a period of 180 days from the commencement of sales of the Offering to anyone other than as permitted in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2). On and after the 181st day following the commencement of sales of the Offering, transfers to others may be made subject to compliance with or exemptions from applicable securities laws and this Agreement. The certificates for the Representative Shares shall contain legends to reflect the above FINRA and contractual transfer restrictions.

1.5 Working Capital. Upon consummation of the Offering, approximately $500,000 of the net proceeds from the sale of Units and Placement Units will be released to the Company and held outside of the Trust Account to fund the working capital requirements of the Company.

1.6 Interest Income. Prior to the Companys consummation of a Business Combination or the Companys liquidation, interest earned on the Trust Account may be released to the Company from the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement to pay any taxes incurred by the Company and up to $100,000 for liquidation expenses, all as more fully described in the Prospectus (as defined below).

2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Underwriters as follows:

2.1 Filing of Registration Statement.

2.1.1 Pursuant to the Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a registration statement and any amendment thereto, on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284815), including any related preliminary prospectus (the Preliminary Prospectus, including any prospectus that is included in the registration statement immediately prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement), for the registration of the Units under the Act, which registration statement and amendment or amendments have been prepared by the Company in conformity in all material respects with the requirements of the Act, and the rules and regulations (the Regulations) of the Commission under the Act. The conditions for use of Form S-1 to register the Offering under the Act, as set forth in the General Instructions to such Form, have been satisfied in all material respects. Except as the context may otherwise require, such registration statement, as amended, on file with the Commission at the time the registration statement became effective, including the prospectus, financial statements, schedules, exhibits and all other documents filed as a part thereof or incorporated therein and all information deemed to be a part thereof as of such time pursuant to Rule 430A of the Regulations, together with the registration statement filed by the Company pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Act registering additional Public Securities (the Rule 462(b) Registration Statement), is hereinafter called the Registration Statement, and the form of the final prospectus dated the Effective Date included in the Registration Statement (or, if applicable, the form of final prospectus containing information permitted to be omitted at the time of effectiveness by Rule 430A of the Regulations, filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424 of the Regulations), is hereinafter called the Prospectus. For purposes of this Agreement, Applicable Time, as used in the Act, means 9:00 a.m. New York City time, on the date of this Agreement. Prior to the Applicable Time, the Company prepared a Preliminary Prospectus, which was included in the Registration Statement filed on March 3, 2025, for distribution by the Underwriters (such Preliminary Prospectus used most recently prior to the Applicable Time, the Statutory Prospectus). Other than the Registration Statement, together with any correspondence letters between the Company and/or counsel for the Company and the Commission, no other document with respect to the Registration Statement has been filed under the Act with the Commission. All of the Public Securities have been or will be registered for public sale under the Act pursuant to the Registration Statement. The Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof. If, subsequent to the date of this Agreement, the Company or the Representative determines that, at the Applicable Time, the Statutory Prospectus included an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted a statement of material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and the Company and the Representative agree to provide an opportunity to purchasers of the Units to terminate their old purchase contracts and enter into new purchase contracts, then the Statutory Prospectus will be deemed to include any additional information available to purchasers at the time of entry into the first such new purchase contract.

4

2.1.2 Pursuant to the Exchange Act. The Company has filed with the Commission a Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File Number 001-42577) providing for the registration under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), of the Units, Ordinary Shares and Rights. The registration of the Units, Ordinary Shares and Rights under the Exchange Act has been declared effective by the Commission on the date hereof and the Units, Ordinary Shares and Rights have been registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

2.1.3 No Stop Orders, etc. Neither the Commission nor, to the Companys knowledge, any federal, state or other regulatory authority has issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus, the Statutory Prospectus or Prospectus or any part thereof, or has instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

2.2 Disclosures in Registration Statement.

2.2.1 10b-5 Representation. At the time of effectiveness of the Registration Statement (or at the time of any post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement) and at all times subsequent thereto up to the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus do and will contain all material statements that are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations, and did or will, in all material respects, conform to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations. The Registration Statement, as of the Effective Date and at the Applicable Time, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective dates, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its date and the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, did not, and the amendments and supplements thereto, as of their respective dates, will not, include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Statutory Prospectus, as of the Applicable Time (or such subsequent Applicable Time pursuant to Section 2.1.1), did not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. When any Preliminary Prospectus or the Statutory Prospectus was first filed with the Commission (whether filed as part of the Registration Statement for the registration of the Public Securities or any amendment thereto or pursuant to Rule 424(a) of the Regulations) and when any amendment thereof or supplement thereto was first filed with the Commission, such Preliminary Prospectus or the Statutory Prospectus and any amendments thereof and supplements thereto complied or will have been corrected in the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus to comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Act and the Regulations and did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representation and warranty made in this Section 2.2.1 does not apply to statements made or statements omitted in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company with respect to the Underwriters by the Underwriters expressly for use in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto. The parties acknowledge and agree that such information provided by or on behalf of the Underwriters consists solely of the following: the names of the Underwriters, the table of underwriters in the first paragraph of the section entitled Underwriting, the information with respect to stabilization transactions contained in the first and second paragraphs of the section entitled Underwriting - Regulatory Restrictions on Purchase of Securities, the information with respect to underwriting discounts and commissions in the section entitled Underwriting, and the identity of counsel to the Underwriters contained in the section entitled Legal Matters (such information, collectively, the Underwriters Information).

5

2.2.2 Disclosure of Agreements. The agreements and documents described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus conform to the descriptions thereof contained therein in all material respects and there are no agreements or other documents required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus or to be filed with the Commission as exhibits to the Registration Statement, that have not been so described or filed. Each agreement or other instrument (however characterized or described) to which the Company is a party or by which its property or business is or may be bound or affected and (i) that is referred to in the Registration Statement, Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus or attached as an exhibit thereto, or (ii) that is material to the Companys business, has been duly authorized and validly executed by the Company, is in full force and effect in all material respects and is enforceable against the Company and, to the Companys knowledge, the other parties thereto, in accordance with its terms, except (x) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (y) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (z) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and no such agreement or instrument has been assigned by the Company, and neither the Company nor, to the Companys knowledge, any other party is in breach or default thereunder and, to the Companys knowledge, no event has occurred that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a breach or default thereunder. To the Companys knowledge, the performance by the Company of the material provisions of such agreements or instruments will not result in a material violation of any existing applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its assets or businesses, including, without limitation, those relating to environmental laws and regulations.

2.2.3 Prior Securities Transactions. No securities of the Company have been sold by the Company or by or on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any person or persons controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company since the date of the Companys formation, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

2.2.4 Regulations. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus concerning the effects of federal, foreign, state and local regulation on the Companys business as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.

2.3 Changes After Dates in Registration Statement.

2.3.1 No Material Adverse Change. Since the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, except as otherwise specifically stated therein, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the condition, financial or otherwise, or business prospects of the Company, (ii) there have been no material transactions entered into by the Company, other than as contemplated pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) no member of the Companys board of directors (the Board of Directors) or management has resigned from any position with the Company and (iv) no event or occurrence has taken place which materially impairs, or would likely materially impair, with the passage of time, the ability of the members of the Board of Directors or management to act in their capacities with the Company as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.3.2 Recent Securities Transactions. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, and except as may otherwise be indicated or contemplated herein or therein, the Company has not: (i) issued any securities or incurred any liability or obligation, direct or contingent, for borrowed money; or (ii) declared or paid any dividend or made any other distribution on or in respect to its share capital.

2.4 Independent Accountants. WWC, P.C. (WWC), whose report is filed with the Commission as part of, and is included in, the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus, are, to the Companys knowledge, independent registered public accountants as required by the Act, the Regulations and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB), including the rules and regulations promulgated by such entity. To the Companys knowledge, WWC is currently registered with the PCAOB and in good standing. WWC has not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act.

6

2.5 Financial Statements; Statistical Data.

2.5.1 Financial Statements. The financial statements, including the notes thereto and supporting schedules (if any) included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus fairly present the financial position, the results of operations and the cash flows of the Company at the dates and for the periods to which they apply; such financial statements have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consistently applied throughout the periods involved; and the supporting schedules included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus present fairly the information required to be stated therein in conformity with the Regulations. No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus or the Prospectus. The Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus disclose all material off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations (including contingent obligations), and other relationships of the Company with unconsolidated entities or other persons that may have a material current or future effect on the Companys financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. There are no pro forma or as adjusted financial statements which are required to be included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus in accordance with Regulation S-X or Form S-1 that have not been included as so required.

2.5.2 Statistical Data. The statistical, industry-related and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and/or the Prospectus are based on or derived from sources that the Company reasonably and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate, and such data agree with the sources from which they are derived.

2.6 Authorized Capital; Options. The Company had at the date or dates indicated in each of the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus, as the case may be, duly authorized, issued and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus. Based on the assumptions stated in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus, the Company will have on the Closing Date or on the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the adjusted share capitalization set forth therein. Except as set forth in, or contemplated by, the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, on the Effective Date and on the Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there will be no options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire any authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares or any security convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any contracts or commitments to issue or sell Ordinary Shares or any such options, warrants, rights or convertible securities.

2.7 Valid Issuance of Securities.

2.7.1 Outstanding Securities. All issued and outstanding securities of the Company issued prior to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof have no rights of rescission with respect thereto, and are not subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; and none of such securities were issued in violation of the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. The authorized and outstanding securities of the Company conform in all material respects to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. All offers, sales and any transfers of the outstanding securities of the Company were at all relevant times either registered under the Act and the applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws or exempt from such registration requirements (based in part on the representations and warranties of the purchasers of such securities).

2.7.2 Public Securities; Representative Shares. The Public Securities and the Representative Shares have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance with this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Public Securities and the Representative Shares are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Public Securities and the Representative Shares has been duly and validly taken. The form of certificates for the Public Securities conform to the corporate law of the jurisdiction of the Companys incorporation and applicable securities laws. The Public Securities conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, as the case may be. When paid for and issued, the Rights will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type of securities of the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof and such Rights are enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

7

2.7.3 Placement Securities.

2.7.3.1 The Placement Rights constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company to issue the number and type of securities of the Company called for thereby in accordance with the terms thereof, and are, or will be enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except: (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally; (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under federal and state securities laws; and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought. The Placement Securities have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance and when issued and paid for in accordance with the Sponsor Unit Purchase Agreement will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable; the holders thereof are not and will not be subject to personal liability by reason of being such holders; the Placement Securities are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company; and all corporate action required to be taken for the authorization, issuance and sale of the Placement Securities has been duly and validly taken. The Placement Securities conform in all material respects to the descriptions thereof contained in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, and the Prospectus, as the case may be.

2.7.4 No Integration. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates has, prior to the date hereof, made any offer or sale of any securities which are required to be or may be integrated pursuant to the Act or the Regulations with the offer and sale of the Public Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or the Placement Securities in the Unit Private Placement.

2.8 Registration Rights of Third Parties. Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, no holders of any securities of the Company or any rights exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into securities of the Company have the right to require the Company to register any such securities of the Company under the Act or to include any such securities in a registration statement to be filed by the Company.

2.9 Validity and Binding Effect of Agreements. This Agreement, the Insider Letter (as defined in Section 2.21.1), the Trust Agreement, the Services Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.3), the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.21.4), the Rights Agreement (as defined in Section 2.24) and the Sponsor Unit Purchase Agreement (collectively, the Transaction Documents) have been duly and validly authorized by the Company and, when executed and delivered by the Company and the other parties thereto, will constitute the valid and binding agreements of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification or contribution provision may be limited under the foreign, federal, and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought.

2.10 No Conflicts, Etc. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, the consummation by the Company of the transactions herein and therein contemplated and the compliance by the Company with the terms hereof and thereof do not and will not, with or without the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both: (i) result in a material breach or violation of, or conflict with any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a material default under, or result in the creation, modification, termination or imposition of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any property or assets of the Company pursuant to the terms of any agreement, obligation, condition, covenant or instrument to which the Company is a party or bound or to which its property is subject except pursuant to the Trust Agreement; (ii) result in any violation of the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, as amended (the Charter Document); or (iii) violate any existing applicable statute, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties, assets or business constituted as of the date hereof.

8

2.11 No Defaults; Violations. No material default or violation exists in the due performance and observance of any term, covenant or condition of any material license, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, note, loan or credit agreement, or any other material agreement or instrument evidencing an obligation for borrowed money, or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company may be bound or to which any of the properties or assets of the Company is subject. The Company is not in violation of any term or provision of its Charter Document. The Company is not in violation of any franchise, license, permit, applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment or decree of any governmental agency or court, domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over the Company or any of its properties or businesses, except for such violations which would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), earnings, assets, prospects, business, operations or properties of the Company, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business (a Material Adverse Effect).

2.12 Corporate Power; Licenses; Consents.

2.12.1 Conduct of Business. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority, and has all necessary authorizations, approvals, orders, licenses, certificates and permits of and from all governmental regulatory officials and bodies that it needs as of the date hereof to conduct its business for the purpose as described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. The disclosures in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus concerning the effects of foreign, federal, state and local regulation on this Offering and the Companys business purpose as currently contemplated are correct in all material respects and do not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Since its formation, the Company has conducted no business and has incurred no liabilities other than in connection with its formation and in furtherance of this Offering.

2.12.2 Transactions Contemplated Herein. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the provisions and conditions hereof, and all consents, authorizations, approvals and orders required in connection herewith have been obtained. No consent, authorization, or order of, and no filing with, any court, government agency or other body, foreign or domestic, is required for the valid issuance, sale and delivery, of the Public Securities and the Placement Securities and the consummation of the transactions and agreements contemplated by the Transaction Documents and as contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, except with respect to applicable foreign, federal and state securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated by FINRA.

2.13 D&O Questionnaires. All information contained in the questionnaires (Questionnaires) completed by each of the Companys officers, directors and shareholders (Insiders) and provided to the Representative and its counsel and the biographies of the Insiders contained in the Registration Statement, Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus (to the extent a biography is contained) is, true and correct in all material respects and the Company has not become aware of any information which would cause the information disclosed in the Questionnaires completed by each Insider to become inaccurate, incorrect or incomplete in any material respect.

2.14 Litigation; Governmental Proceedings. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry, arbitration, investigation, litigation or governmental proceeding pending, or to the Companys knowledge, threatened against or involving the Company or, to the Companys knowledge, any Insider that has not been disclosed, that is required to be disclosed, in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus, the Prospectus or the Questionnaires.

2.15 Good Standing. The Company has been duly organized and is validly existing as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of business requires such qualification, except where the failure to qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

9

2.16 No Contemplation of a Business Combination. The Company has not identified any Business Combination target (each a Target Business) and it has not, nor has anyone on its behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target.

2.17 Transactions Requiring Disclosure to FINRA.

2.17.1 Finders Fees. There are no claims, payments, arrangements, agreements or understandings relating to the payment of a finders, consulting or origination fee by the Company or any Insider with respect to the sale of the Securities hereunder or any other arrangements, agreements or understandings of the Company or to the Companys knowledge, any Insider that may affect the Underwriters compensation, as defined by FINRA.

2.17.2 Payments Within 180 Days. The Company has not made any direct or indirect payments (in cash, securities or otherwise) to: (i) any person, as a finders fee, consulting fee or otherwise, in consideration of such person raising capital for the Company or introducing to the Company persons who raised or provided capital to the Company; (ii) any FINRA member participating in the Offering as defined in FINRA Rule 5110(j)(15) (Participating FINRA Member); or (iii) any person or entity that has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating FINRA Member, within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing of the Registration Statement, other than the prior payments to the Representative in connection with the Offering. The Company has not issued any warrants or other securities, or granted any options, directly or indirectly, to anyone who is a potential underwriter in the Offering or an associated person or affiliate (as defined by FINRA rules) of such an underwriter within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement. No person to whom securities of the Company have been privately issued within the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement has any relationship or affiliation or association with any Participating FINRA Member. Except with respect to the Representative in connection with the Offering, the Company has not entered into any agreement or arrangement (including, without limitation, any consulting agreement or any other type of agreement) during the 180-day period prior to the initial filing date of the Registration Statement with the Commission, which arrangement or agreement provides for the receipt of any underwriting compensation from the Company to a Participating FINRA Member.

2.17.3 FINRA Affiliation. Other than as disclosed to the Representative, no officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities (whether debt or equity, registered or unregistered, regardless of the time acquired or the source from which derived) has any direct or indirect affiliation or association with any Participating FINRA Member. The Company will advise the Representative and Loeb if it learns that any officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) is or becomes an affiliate or associated person of a Participating FINRA Member.

2.17.4 Share Ownership. No officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities is an owner of shares or other securities of any member of FINRA participating in the Offering (other than securities purchased on the open market).

2.17.5 Loans. No officer or director or any direct or indirect beneficial owner (including the Insiders) of any class of the Companys unregistered securities has made a subordinated loan to any member of FINRA participating in the Offering.

2.17.6 Proceeds of the Offering. No proceeds from the sale of the Public Securities (excluding underwriting compensation) or the Placement Securities will be paid to any FINRA member participating in the Offering, or any persons associated or affiliated with a member of FINRA participating in the Offering, except as specifically authorized herein.

10

2.17.7 Conflicts of Interest. To the Companys knowledge, no Participating FINRA Member has a conflict of interest with the Company. For this purpose, a conflict of interest exists when a member of FINRA and/or its associated persons, parent or affiliates in the aggregate beneficially own 10% or more of the Companys outstanding subordinated debt or common equity, or 10% or more of the Companys preferred equity. Participating FINRA Members include managing agents, syndicate group members and all dealers which are members of FINRA.

2.18 Taxes.

2.18.1 There are no transfer taxes or other similar fees or charges under U.S. federal law or the laws of any U.S. state or any political subdivision of the United States, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the issuance or sale by the Company of the Public Securities.

2.18.2 The Company has filed all foreign, U.S. federal, state and local tax returns required to be filed with taxing authorities prior to the date hereof in a timely manner or has duly obtained extensions of time for the filing thereof, except in any case in which the failure to so file would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has paid all taxes shown as due on such returns that were filed and has paid all taxes imposed on it and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, to the extent that any of the foregoing is due and payable, except for any such assessment, fine or penalty that is currently being contested in good faith or as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made appropriate provisions in the applicable financial statements referred to in Section 2.5.1 above in respect of all federal, state, local and foreign income and franchise taxes for all current or prior periods as to which the tax liability of the Company has not been finally determined, if any.

2.19 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; Anti-Money Laundering; Patriot Act.

2.19.1 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, any of the Insiders or any other person acting on behalf of the Company has, directly or indirectly, given or agreed to give any money, gift or similar benefit (other than legal price concessions to customers in the ordinary course of business) to any customer, supplier, employee or agent of a customer or supplier, or official or employee of any governmental agency or instrumentality of any government (domestic or foreign) or any political party or candidate for office (domestic or foreign) or other person who was, is, or may be in a position to help or hinder the business of the Company (or assist it in connection with any actual or proposed transaction) that (i) might subject the Company to any damage or penalty in any civil, criminal or governmental litigation or proceeding, (ii) if not given in the past, might have had a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) if not continued in the future, might adversely affect the assets, business or operations of the Company. The Company has taken reasonable steps to ensure that its accounting controls and procedures are sufficient to cause the Company to comply in all material respects with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

2.19.2 Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act. The operations of the Company are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with (i) the requirements of the U.S. Treasury Department Office of Foreign Asset Control and (ii) applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transaction Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, including the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, as amended, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar money laundering statutes, rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any Federal governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened.

2.19.3 Patriot Act. Neither the Company nor to the Companys knowledge, any Insider has violated the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended, or the Uniting and Strengthening of America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001, and/or the rules and regulations promulgated under any such law, or any successor law.

2.20 Officers Certificate. Any certificate signed by any duly authorized officer of the Company in connection with the Offering and delivered to the Representative or to Loeb shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Company to the Underwriters as to the matters covered thereby.

11

2.21 Agreements With Insiders.

2.21.1 Insider Letter. The Company has caused to be duly executed a legally binding and enforceable agreement (except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, (ii) as enforceability of any indemnification, contribution or non-compete provision may be limited under foreign, federal and state securities laws, and (iii) that the remedy of specific performance and injunctive and other forms of equitable relief may be subject to the equitable defenses and to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought), a form of which is annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Insider Letter), pursuant to which each of the Insiders of the Company agree to certain matters. The Insider Letter shall not be amended, modified or otherwise changed without the prior written consent of the Representative.

2.21.2 Sponsor Unit Purchase Agreement. The Sponsor has executed and delivered a Unit Subscription Agreement, the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Sponsor Unit Purchase Agreement), pursuant to which the Sponsor will, among other things, on the Closing Date, consummate the purchase of and deliver the purchase price for the Placement Units as provided for in such Sponsor Unit Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Sponsor Unit Purchase Agreement, (i) the Sponsor has waived any and all rights and claims each may have to any proceeds, and any interest thereon, held in the Trust Account in respect of the Placement Securities, and (ii) the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Securities will be deposited by the Company in the Trust Account in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement on the Closing Date as provided for in the Sponsor Unit Purchase Agreement.

2.21.3 Administrative Services Agreement. The Company and the Sponsor have entered into an agreement (Services Agreement) substantially in the form annexed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement pursuant to which the Sponsor will make available to the Company general and administrative services including office space, utilities and secretarial support for the Companys use for $10,000 per month payable until the earlier of the consummation by the Company of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Trust Account, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Services Agreement.

2.21.4 Registration Rights Agreement. The Company and the Initial Shareholders have entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (Registration Rights Agreement) substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, whereby such parties will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the securities they hold or may hold, as set forth in such Registration Rights Agreement and described more fully in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus.

2.21.5 Loans. The Sponsor has agreed to make loans to the Company in the aggregate amount of up to $500,000 (the Insider Loans) pursuant to a promissory note filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement. The Insider Loans do not bear any interest and are repayable by the Company on the consummation of the Offering.

2.22 Investment Management Trust Agreement. The Company has entered into the Trust Agreement with respect to certain proceeds of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement, pursuant to which the funds held in the Trust Account may be released under limited circumstances.

2.23 Intentionally Omitted.

2.24 Rights Agreement. The Company has entered into a rights agreement with respect to the Rights included in the Units and the Placement Rights with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (Continental) substantially in the form filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement (the Rights Agreement).

2.25 No Existing Non-Competition Agreements. No Insider is subject to any non-competition agreement or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or prior employer which could materially affect his ability to be an employee, officer and/or director of the Company, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement.

12

2.26 Investments. No more than 45% of the value (as defined in Section 2(a)(41) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (Investment Company Act)) of the Companys total assets consist of, and no more than 45% of the Companys net income after taxes is derived from, securities other than Government Securities (as defined in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act) or money market funds meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act.

2.27 Investment Company Act. The Company is not required, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as herein contemplated and the application of the net proceeds therefrom as described in the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus will not be required, to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

2.28 Subsidiaries. The Company does not own an interest in any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other business entity.

2.29 Related Party Transactions. No relationship, direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company, on the one hand, and any Insider, on the other hand, which is required by the Act, the Exchange Act or the Regulations to be described in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus which is not so described as required. There are no outstanding loans, advances (except normal advances for business expenses in the ordinary course of business), or guarantees of indebtedness by the Company to or for the benefit of any of the officers or directors of the Company or any of their respective family members, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and Prospectus. The Company has not extended or maintained credit, arranged for the extension of credit, or renewed an extension of credit, in the form of a personal loan to or for any director or officer of the Company.

2.30 No Influence. The Company has not offered, or caused the Underwriters to offer, the Firm Units to any person or entity with the intention of unlawfully influencing a journalist or publication to write or publish favorable information about the Company or any such affiliate.

2.31 Sarbanes-Oxley. The Company is, or on the Closing Date will be, in material compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules or regulations promulgated by any governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency, that are applicable to it as of the date hereof.

2.32 Distribution of Offering Material by the Company. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, prior to the later of the Closing Date and the completion of the distribution of the Units, any offering material in connection with the offering and sale of the Units other than the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, in each case as supplemented and amended.

2.33 Nasdaq Stock Market. The Public Securities have been authorized for listing, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution, on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Nasdaq), and the Company knows of no reason or set of facts that is likely to adversely affect such authorization.

2.34 Board of Directors. As of the Effective Date, the Board of Directors of the Company will be comprised of the persons set forth as Directors or Director nominees under the heading of the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus captioned Management. As of the Effective Date, the qualifications of the persons serving as board members and the overall composition of the board will comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of the Nasdaq that are, in each case, applicable to the Company. As of the Effective Date, the Company will have an Audit Committee that satisfies the applicable requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder and the rules of the Nasdaq.

2.35 Emerging Growth Company. From its formation through the date hereof, the Company has been and is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Act (an Emerging Growth Company).

13

2.36 No Disqualification Events. Neither the Company, nor any of its predecessors or any affiliated issuer, nor any director, executive officer, or other officer of the Company participating in the Offering, nor any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the Applicable Time (each, a Company Covered Person and, together, Company Covered Persons) is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Act (a Disqualification Event), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Company Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Underwriters a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

2.37 Free-Writing Prospectus and Testing-the-Waters. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405. The Company: (a) has not engaged in any Testing-the-Waters Communication other than Testing-the-Waters Communications with the consent of the Representative with entities that are qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Act or institutions that are accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Act and (b) has not authorized anyone to engage in Testing-the-Waters Communications other than its officers and the Representative and individuals engaged by the Representative. The Company has not distributed any written Testing-the-Waters Communications other than those listed on Schedule B hereto. Testing-the-Waters Communication means any oral or written communication with potential investors undertaken in reliance on Section 5(d) of the Act.

2.38 Dividends and Distributions. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, under current laws and regulations of the Cayman Islands and any political subdivision thereof, all dividends and other distributions declared and payable on the Securities may be paid by the Company to the holder thereof in United States dollars. No taxes, fees or charges (other than stamp duty) are payable (either by director assessment or withholding to the government or other taxing authority in the Cayman Islands under the laws of the Cayman Islands in respect of payments made to the holders of Securities.

3. Covenants of the Company. The Company covenants and agrees as follows:

3.1 Amendments to Registration Statement. The Company will deliver to the Representative, prior to filing, any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus proposed to be filed after the Effective Date and the Company shall not file any such amendment or supplement to which the Representative reasonably objects in writing.

3.2 Federal Securities Laws.

3.2.1 Compliance. During the time when a Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act, the Company will use its best efforts to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by the Act, the Regulations, and the Exchange Act, and by the regulations under the Exchange Act, as from time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of or dealings in the Public Securities in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus. If at any time when a Prospectus relating to the Public Securities is required to be delivered under the Act, any event shall have occurred as a result of which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company or counsel for the Underwriters, the Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or if it is necessary at any time to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with the Act, the Company will notify the Representative promptly and prepare and file with the Commission, subject to Section 3.1 hereof, an appropriate amendment or supplement in accordance with Section 10 of the Act.

3.2.2 Filing of Final Prospectus. The Company will file the Prospectus (in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters) with the Commission pursuant to the requirements of Rule 424 of the Regulations.

3.2.3 Exchange Act Registration. The Company will use its best efforts to maintain the registration of the Public Securities under the provisions of the Exchange Act (except in connection with a going-private transaction) for a period of five years from the Effective Date, or until the Company is required to be liquidated or is acquired, if earlier. The Company will not deregister the Public Securities under the Exchange Act without the prior written consent of the Representative.

14

3.2.4 Exchange Act Filings. From the Effective Date until the earlier of the Companys initial Business Combination, or its liquidation and dissolution, the Company shall timely file with the Commission via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR) such statements and reports as are required to be filed by a company registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act.

3.2.5 Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance. As soon as it is legally required to do so, the Company shall take all actions necessary to obtain and thereafter maintain material compliance with each applicable provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and related or similar rules and regulations promulgated by any other governmental or self-regulatory entity or agency with jurisdiction over the Company.

3.3 Free-Writing Prospectus. The Company agrees that it will not make any offer relating to the Public Securities that would constitute an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433 under the Act, or that would otherwise constitute a free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 405.

3.4 Delivery to Underwriters of Prospectuses. The Company will deliver to the Underwriters, without charge and from time to time during the period when the Prospectus is required to be delivered under the Act or the Exchange Act, such number of copies of each Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus as the Underwriters may reasonably request and, as soon as the Registration Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto becomes effective, deliver to the Underwriters, upon their request, two manually executed Registration Statements, including exhibits, and all post-effective amendments thereto and copies of all exhibits filed therewith or incorporated therein by reference and all manually executed consents of certified experts.

3.5 Effectiveness and Events Requiring Notice to the Representative. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the Registration Statement to remain effective and will notify the Representative immediately and confirm the notice in writing: (i) of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement and any amendment thereto; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus or the Prospectus or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iii) of the issuance by any foreign or state securities commission of any proceedings for the suspension of the qualification of the Public Securities for offering or sale in any jurisdiction or of the initiation, or the threatening, of any proceeding for that purpose; (iv) of the mailing and delivery to the Commission for filing of any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus; (v) of the receipt of any comments or request for any additional information from the Commission; and (vi) of the happening of any event that, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, makes any statement of a material fact made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus untrue or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, and in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in any material respect. If the Commission or any foreign or state securities commission shall enter a stop order or suspend such qualification at any time, the Company will make every reasonable effort to obtain promptly the lifting of such order.

3.6 Affiliated Transactions.

3.6.1 Business Combinations. The Company will not consummate a Business Combination with any entity that is affiliated with any Insider unless (i) the Company obtains an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view and (ii) a majority of the Companys disinterested and independent directors (if there are any) approve such transaction.

3.6.2 Compensation to Insiders. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, the Company shall not pay any of the Insiders or any of their affiliates any fees or compensation from the Company, for services rendered to the Company prior to, or in connection with, the consummation of a Business Combination.

15

3.7 Reports to the Representative. For a period of five years from the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated or is no longer required to file reports under the Exchange Act, the Company will furnish to the Representative and its counsel copies of such financial statements and other periodic and special reports as the Company from time to time furnishes generally to holders of any class of its securities, and promptly furnish to the Underwriters, (i) a copy of each periodic report the Company shall be required to file with the Commission, (ii) a copy of every press release and every news item and article with respect to the Company or its affairs that was released by the Company, (iii) a copy of each current Report on Form 8-K or Schedule 13D, 13G, 14D-1 or 13E-4 received or prepared by the Company, (iv) two (2) copies of each registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission under the Act, and (v) such additional documents and information with respect to the Company and the affairs of any future subsidiaries of the Company as the Representative may from time to time reasonably request; provided the Representative shall sign, if requested by the Company, a Regulation FD compliant confidentiality agreement which is reasonably acceptable to the Representative and its counsel in connection with the Representatives receipt of such information. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Representative pursuant to this Section.

3.8 Transfer Agent. For a period of five years following the Effective Date or until such earlier time upon which the Company is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain a transfer agent and rights agent acceptable to the Representative. Continental is acceptable to the Representative.

3.9 Payment of Expenses. The Company hereby agrees to pay on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the extent not paid at the Closing Date, all Company expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement, including but not limited to (i) the Companys legal and accounting fees and disbursements, (ii) the preparation, printing, filing, mailing and delivery (including the payment of postage with respect to such mailing) of the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, including any pre or post effective amendments or supplements thereto, and the printing and mailing of this Agreement and related documents, including the cost of all copies thereof and any amendments thereof or supplements thereto supplied to the Underwriters in quantities as may be required by the Underwriters, (iii) the preparation, printing, engraving, issuance and delivery of the Units, the Ordinary Shares and the Rights included in the Units, including any transfer or other taxes payable thereon, (iv) filing fees incurred in registering the Offering with FINRA and the reasonable fees of counsel of the Underwriters in connection therewith, (v) fees, costs and expenses incurred in listing the Securities on the Nasdaq or such other stock exchanges as the Company and the Underwriters together determine, (vi) all fees and disbursements of the transfer and rights agent, (vii) all of the Companys expenses associated with due diligence and road show meetings arranged by the Representative and any presentations made available by way of a net roadshow, including without limitation trips for the Companys management to meet with prospective investors, all travel, food and lodging expenses associated with such trips incurred by the Company or such management, and (viii) all other costs and expenses customarily borne by an issuer incident to the performance of its obligations hereunder which are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Section 3.9. If the Offering is consummated, the Representative may deduct from the net proceeds of the Offering payable to the Company on the Closing Date the expenses set forth above up to a maximum aggregate accountable expense allowance of $125,000 (including any advances for such expenses). Upon the execution of the engagement letter dated November 30, 2023 between the Representative and the Company (the Engagement Letter), the Company paid the Representative $25,000, as an advance against out-of-pocket accountable expenses actually anticipated to be incurred by the underwriters. If the Offering is not consummated for any reason (other than a breach by the Representative of any of its obligations hereunder), then the Company shall reimburse the Representative in full for its out-of-pocket accountable expenses actually incurred through such date, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Representative, up to a maximum of $25,000 (provided, however, that such expense cap in no way limits or impairs the indemnification and contribution provisions of the Engagement Letter), such amount including the advance in the amount of $25,000 paid by the Company to the Representative.

3.10 Application of Net Proceeds. The Company will apply the net proceeds from the Offering and Unit Private Placement and received by it in a manner consistent with the application described under the caption Use of Proceeds in the Prospectus.

3.11 Delivery of Earnings Statements to Security Holders. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable, but not later than the first day of the fifteenth full calendar month following the Effective Date, an earnings statement (which need not be certified by independent public or independent certified public accountants unless required by the Act or the Regulations, but which shall satisfy the provisions of Rule 158(a) under Section 11(a) of the Act) covering a period of at least twelve consecutive months beginning after the Effective Date.

16

3.12 Notice to FINRA.

3.12.1 Notice to FINRA. For a period of sixty (60) days after the date of the Prospectus, in the event any person or entity (regardless of any FINRA affiliation or association) is engaged, in writing, to assist the Company in its search for a Target Business or to provide any other services in connection therewith, the Company will provide the following to the Representative prior to the consummation of the Business Combination: (i) complete details of all services and copies of agreements governing such services; and (ii) explanation as to why the person or entity providing the merger and acquisition services should not be considered a Participating Member with respect to the Offering, as such term is defined in FINRA Rule 5110. The Company also agrees that, if required by law, proper disclosure of such arrangement or potential arrangement will be made in the tender offer documents or proxy statement which the Company will file with the Commission in connection with the Business Combination.

3.12.2 FINRA. The Company shall advise the Representative (who shall make an appropriate filing with FINRA) if it is aware that any 10% or greater shareholder of the Company becomes an affiliate or associated person of a FINRA member participating in the distribution of the Public Securities.

3.12.3 Broker/Dealer. In the event the Company intends to register as a broker/dealer, merge with or acquire a registered broker/dealer, or otherwise become a member of FINRA, it shall promptly notify FINRA.

3.13 Stabilization. Neither the Company, nor to its knowledge, any of its employees, directors or stockholders (without the consent of the Representative) has taken and the Company will not take, and has directed its employees, directors and stockholders not to take, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that has constituted or that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under the Exchange Act, or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of the Units.

3.14 Intentionally Omitted.

3.15 Intentionally Omitted.

3.16 Internal Controls. The Company will maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary in order to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.

3.17 Accountants. Until the earlier of five years from the Effective Date or when the Company is required to be liquidated, the Company shall retain WWC or another independent registered public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Representative.

3.18 Form 8-K. The Company shall, on or prior to the date hereof, retain its independent registered public accounting firm to audit the balance sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (Audited Financial Statements) reflecting the receipt by the Company of the proceeds of the Offering and the Unit Private Placement. Within four (4) Business Days after the Closing Date, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission, which Report shall contain the Companys Audited Financial Statements. Promptly after the Option Closing Date, if the Over-allotment Option is exercised after the Closing Date, the Company shall file with the Commission a Current Report on Form 8-K or an amendment to the Form 8-K to disclose the exercise of such option.

3.19 Corporate Proceedings. All corporate proceedings and other legal matters necessary to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been done to the reasonable satisfaction of the Representative (or its counsel).

17

3.20 Investment Company. The Company shall cause the proceeds of the Offering to be held in the Trust Account to be invested only as provided for in the Trust Agreement and disclosed in the Prospectus. The Company will otherwise conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become subject to the Investment Company Act. Furthermore, once the Company consummates a Business Combination, it shall be engaged in a business other than that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading securities.

3.21 Amendments to Charter Document. The Company covenants and agrees, that prior to its initial Business Combination it will not seek to amend or modify its Charter Document, except as set forth therein. The Company acknowledges that the purchasers of the Public Securities in the Offering shall be deemed to be third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and specifically this Section 3.21.

3.22 Press Releases. The Company agrees that it will not issue press releases or engage in any other publicity, without the Representatives prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld), for a period of forty-five (45) days after the Closing Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be prohibited from issuing any press releases or engaging in any other publicity required by law, except that including the name of any Underwriter therein shall require the prior written consent of such Underwriter.

3.23 Insurance. The Company will maintain directors and officers insurance (including, without limitation, insurance covering the Company, its directors and officers for liabilities or losses arising in connection with this Offering, including, without limitation, liabilities or losses arising under the Act, the Exchange Act, the Regulations and any applicable foreign securities laws).

3.24 Electronic Prospectus. The Company shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Underwriters, at the Companys expense, promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days from the effective date of this Agreement, an Electronic Prospectus to be used by the Underwriters in connection with the Offering. As used herein, the term Electronic Prospectus means a form of prospectus, and any amendment or supplement thereto, that meets each of the following conditions: (i) it shall be encoded in an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that may be transmitted electronically by the Underwriters to offerees and purchasers of the Units for at least the period during which a prospectus relating to the Units is required to be delivered under the Act; (ii) it shall disclose the same information as the paper prospectus and prospectus filed pursuant to EDGAR, except to the extent that graphic and image material cannot be disseminated electronically, in which case such graphic and image material shall be replaced in the electronic prospectus with a fair and accurate narrative description or tabular representation of such material, as appropriate; and (iii) it shall be in or convertible into a paper format or an electronic format, satisfactory to the Representative, that will allow recipients thereof to store and have continuously ready access to the prospectus at any future time, without charge to such recipients (other than any fee charged for subscription to the Internet as a whole and for on-line time).

3.25 Private Placement Proceeds. On the Closing Date, the Company shall cause to be deposited proceeds from the Unit Private Placement into the Trust Account, or such other amount such that the amount of the funds in the Trust Account shall be $10.00 per Public Share sold in the Offering. On the Option Closing Date, if any, the Company shall cause to be deposited an amount of additional proceeds from the additional Placement Units sold on the Option Closing Date into the Trust Account such that the amount of funds in the Trust Account shall be $10.00 per Public Share sold in the Offering.

3.26 Future Financings. The Company agrees that neither it, nor any successor or subsidiary of the Company, will consummate any public or private equity or debt financing prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, unless all investors in such financing expressly waive, in writing, any rights in or claims against the Trust Account.

3.27 Amendments to Agreements. The Company shall not amend, modify or otherwise change the Trust Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Rights Agreement, the Sponsor Unit Purchase Agreement, the Services Agreement, or the Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representative which will not be unreasonably withheld.

18

3.28 Nasdaq. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to maintain the listing of the Public Securities on the Nasdaq or a national securities exchange acceptable to the Representative.

3.29 Reservation of Shares. The Company will reserve and keep available that maximum number of its authorized but unissued securities which are issuable upon conversion of the Rights outstanding from time to time.

3.30 Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the Underwriters in writing, prior to the Closing Date, of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Company Covered Person.

3.31 Disqualification of S-1. Until the earlier of seven years from the date hereof or until the Rights have either expired and are no longer convertible or have all been converted, the Company will not take any action or actions that prevent or disqualify the Companys use of Form S-1 (or other appropriate form) for the registration of the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of the Rights under the Act.

3.32 Emerging Growth Company Status. The Company will promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the earlier of five years after the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination, or the liquidation of the Trust Account if a Business Combination is not consummated as required by its Charter Document (the Termination Date).

3.33 Review of Financial Statements. Until the earlier of five years from the Effective Date or until the liquidation of the Trust Account if a Business Combination is not consummated by the Termination Date, the Company, at its expense, shall cause its regularly engaged independent certified public accountants to review (but not audit) the Companys financial statements for each of the first three fiscal quarters prior to the announcement of quarterly financial information and the filing of the Companys Form 10-Q quarterly report.

3.34 Right of First Refusal. The Company agrees that if the Firm Units are sold in accordance with the terms of this Underwriting Agreement, the Company shall grant Representative the right of first refusal to act as the sole underwriter and sole book-running manager, and/or sole placement agent, for any and all future public and private equity, equity linked, convertible and debt offerings of the Company, or any successor to or any subsidiary of the Company. The right of first refusal shall commence on the Closing Date and terminate on the twelve (12) month anniversary of the closing of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(6)(A), such right of first refusal shall not have a duration of more than three (3) years from the commencement of sales of the Offering.

3.35 Tail Fee. In accordance with FINRA Rules 5110(g)(5)(B)(i)-(ii) and FINRA Rule 2010, if the Offering is not consummated prior to the expiration of the Engagement Letter, other than for cause due to the Representatives material failure to provide the underwriting services contemplated by the Engagement Letter, the Representative shall be entitled to the underwriting fees set forth herein with respect to any financing of equity, equity-linked, convertible or debt or other capital raising activity of the Company (other than the exercise by any person or entity of any options, warrants or other convertible securities), within twelve (12) months following the expiration or termination of the Engagement Letter with respect to any investors identified, referred or otherwise introduced by the Representative during the Engagement Period (the Introduced Parties), provided that the Representative shall provide a list of the Introduced Parties no later than three (3) Business Days after the term of the Engagement Letter, subject to the Companys confirmation. Engagement Period refers to the period starting from the date of the Engagement Letter and ending on November 30, 2024; however, in the event that the Effective Date is later than November 30, 2024, the Engagement Period shall be extended automatically until the date that is sixty (60) days from the Effective Date.

19

3.36 Obligations in Connection with Business Combination. Following the closing of the Offering, if the Representative is engaged by the Company as a financial advisor, consultant, placement agent, underwriter, underwriter or similar role in connection with its Business Combination:

3.36.1 Prior to entering into any definitive agreement with respect to the Business Combination and until such time as such Business Combination is consummated:

(a) The Company will furnish or arrange to have furnished to the Representative all information concerning the Company, the target business of such proposed Business Combination, any entity that succeeds or will succeed the Company as a public company in connection with the Business Combination, or any direct or indirect parent or subsidiary of any of them (any such issuer or co-issuer, a Registrant) and the proposed Business Combination that the Representative deems appropriate and will provide the Representative with access to the Companys officers, directors, employees, affiliates, appraisers, independent accountants, financial advisors, legal counsel and other agents, consultants and advisors (Registrant Representatives) and properties of any Registrant as requested by the Representative. The Company shall take all reasonable steps requested by the Representative to ensure that each Registrant and each of the Registrant Representatives cooperate fully with all requests by the Representative for such information and access.

(b) The Company agrees to notify the Representative with respect to, and to permit the Representative, at their request, to participate in all diligence sessions with any Registrant or its Registrant Representatives and all drafting sessions in respect of any registration statement, preliminary or final prospectus, proxy statement, tender offer document or offering memorandum, including, without limitation, any document incorporated by reference into any of the foregoing, or any amendment or supplement to any of the foregoing, related to or in connection with the Business Combination (Business Combination Securities Disclosure Documents).

(c) The Company shall provide drafts of all Business Combination Securities Disclosure Documents to the Representative and their legal counsel reasonably in advance of the filing of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document with the Commission or the circulation of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document to any prospective investor, sufficient to allow the Representative and their legal counsel a reasonable time to request changes determined by them to be necessary or appropriate to such Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document before its filing or circulation. The Company shall not permit the filing with or furnishing to the Commission of any document (including, without limitation, any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Documents), the issuance of any press release or the publication of any other communication in any form, in each case relating to the issuance of Business Combination securities, without the prior written consent of the Representative, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, delayed or conditioned.

3.36.2 Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, in connection with any Business Combination, the Company shall use all reasonable efforts to (i) require counsel to the Company and the Registrant to provide customary negative assurance letters to the Representative as of the consummation of the Business Combination in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative, (ii) require the accounting firm or firms that have audited any financial statements set forth in any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document to provide customary comfort letters to the Representative pursuant to AU 634 of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board as of the effectiveness of any Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document that was filed with, and declared effective by, the Commission, and as of the consummation of the Business Combination, (iii) require the Target Business to deliver certificates executed by the management of the Target Business as reasonably requested by Maxim, and (iv) take any other actions reasonably requested by the Representative. The Company agrees that it shall be responsible for the payment of all costs associated therewith and shall promptly reimburse the Representative for all out-of-pocket costs and expenses reasonably incurred by the Representative in connection with the foregoing, including the reasonable cost of any counsel retained by the Representative as they may deem necessary or desirable.

3.36.3 In connection with the Business Combination, to the extent the Company retains services (the Fairness Opinion Provider) to prepare a report and provide an opinion (the Fairness Opinion) concerning the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Business Combination to the Company and its unaffiliated shareholders based upon, among other things, a financial review of the target business in the Business Combination (Target Business) and its business and operations, the Company shall disclose in reasonable detail in a Business Combination Securities Disclosure Document the results of that report and, as necessary or appropriate, a copy of that report. Each Registrant shall provide the Fairness Opinion Provider with all information and access to persons and documents that the Fairness Opinion Provider deems reasonably necessary and appropriate in connection with the preparation of its Fairness Opinion.

20

3.36.4 In connection with the Business Combination, the Company will engage an investigative search firm to conduct an investigation of the directors and executive officers of the Target Business and shall provide copies of the search reports to the Representative.

3.36.5 Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, if the Business Combination does not directly or indirectly provide for the assumption of the Companys obligations hereunder and the Company is not and will not be the surviving public company of such Business Combination, the Company shall ensure that each Target Business or other Registrant agrees to execute and deliver to the Representative a joinder agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative (such satisfaction not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), pursuant to which it shall join this Agreement as a signatory and a party and thus to be subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement that remain in full force and effect after consummation of the Business Combination. In addition, in connection with the Business Combination, the Company will, and will use all reasonable efforts to cause each Registrant to, comply with the obligations and covenants of the Company set forth in this Agreement that then remain in full force and effect and comply in all material respects with all laws, rules and regulations applicable either to any Registrant and its business activities or to the Business Combination, as such laws, rules and regulations may be in effect at the time of the consummation of the Business Combination.

3.36.6 To the extent that the Representative determines, in its sole judgment, that the Underwriters are required to make any filing with FINRA other than in connection with the Offering or otherwise to comply with FINRA rules in connection with the Business Combination, the Company shall, upon the reasonable request of the Underwriters accompanied by a reasonable explanation of the applicable requirement(s), provide all necessary cooperation to the Representative and shall provide or cause to be provided to the Representative all information that the Representative deems necessary in order to make any such filings and in order to comply with FINRA rules. The Company shall be responsible for the fees and expenses of the Representative in connection with such filings, including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel in an amount mutually agreed upon by the parties, and all filing fees associated therewith.

3.36.7 The Company acknowledges and agrees that nothing in this Section 3.36 shall be interpreted to obligate the Underwriters to take any action, or to refrain from taking any action, in connection with the Business Combination and any such actions will be undertaken by each Underwriter, in respect of itself, in its sole discretion and may be governed by a separate, definitive written agreement between such Underwriter and the Company or another Registrant as such parties may mutually agree.

4. Conditions of Underwriters Obligations. The obligations of the Underwriters to purchase and pay for the Units, as provided herein, shall be subject to the continuing accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company as of the date hereof and as of each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, to the accuracy of the statements of officers of the Company made pursuant to the provisions hereof and to the performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder and to the following conditions:

4.1 Regulatory Matters.

4.1.1 Effectiveness of Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective not later than 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the date of this Agreement or such later date and time as shall be consented to in writing by the Representative, and, at each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for the purpose shall have been instituted or shall be pending or contemplated by the Commission and any request on the part of the Commission for additional information shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of Loeb.

4.1.2 FINRA Clearance. By the Effective Date, the Underwriters shall have received a letter of no objections from FINRA as to the underwriting terms and arrangements and amount of compensation allowable or payable to the Underwriters as described in the Registration Statement.

21

4.1.3 No Commission Stop Order. At the Closing Date and on each Option Closing Date, the Commission has not issued any order or threatened to issue any order preventing or suspending the use of any Preliminary Prospectus, the Prospectus or any part thereof, and has not instituted or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened to institute any proceedings with respect to such an order.

4.1.4 Nasdaq. The Public Securities shall have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq, subject to official notice of issuance and evidence of satisfactory distribution, satisfactory evidence of which shall have been provided to the Representative.

4.2 Company Counsel Matters.

4.2.1 Closing Date and Option Closing Date Opinions of Counsel. On the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received the favorable opinions and negative assurance statements of each of Becker & Poliakoff, P.A. and Conyers Dill & Pearman LLP, dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Representative and Loeb.

4.2.2 Reliance. In rendering such opinions, such counsels may rely as to matters of fact, to the extent they deem proper, on certificates or other written statements of officers of the Company and officers of departments of various jurisdictions having custody of documents respecting the corporate existence or good standing of the Company, provided that copies of any such statements or certificates shall be delivered to the Representatives counsel if requested.

4.3 Comfort Letter. At the time this Agreement is executed, and at the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a letter, addressed to the Representative as representative for the several Underwriters and in form and substance satisfactory in all respects (including the non-material nature of the changes or decreases, if any, referred to in Section 4.3.3 below) to the Representative from WWC dated, respectively, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date and Option Closing Date, if any:

4.3.1 Confirming that they are independent accountants with respect to the Company within the meaning of the Act and the applicable Regulations and that they have not, during the periods covered by the financial statements included in the Registration Statement, Preliminary Prospectus, Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, provided to the Company any non-audit services, as such term is used in Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act;

4.3.2 Stating that in their opinion the financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the published Regulations thereunder;

4.3.3 Stating that, on the basis of their review, which included a reading of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements of the Company (with an indication of the date of the latest available unaudited interim financial statements), a reading of the latest available minutes of the shareholders and Board of Directors and the various committees of the Board of Directors, consultations with officers and other employees of the Company responsible for financial and accounting matters and other specified procedures and inquiries, nothing has come to their attention that would lead them to believe that (a) the unaudited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus do not comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements of the Act and the Regulations or are not fairly presented in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis substantially consistent with that of the audited financial statements of the Company included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, or (b) at a date immediately prior to the Effective Date, Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there was any change in the share capital or long-term debt of the Company, or any decrease in the stockholders equity of the Company as compared with amounts shown in the March 31, 2024 balance sheet included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, other than as set forth in or contemplated by the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus or, if there was any decrease, setting forth the amount of such decrease, and (c) during the period from March 31, 2024 to a specified date immediately prior to the Effective Date, Closing Date or Option Closing Date, as the case may be, there were any changes in revenues, net earnings (losses) or net earnings (losses) per Ordinary Share, in each case as compared with the Statement of Operations for the period from January 18, 2024 (inception) through March 31, 2024 included in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus, or, if there was any such change, setting forth the amount of such change;

22

4.3.4 Setting forth, at a date not later than five days prior to the Effective Date, the amount of liabilities of the Company (including a break-down of commercial papers and notes payable to banks);

4.3.5 Stating that they have compared specific dollar amounts, numbers of shares, percentages of revenues and earnings, statements and other financial information pertaining to the Company set forth in the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus in each case to the extent that such amounts, numbers, percentages, statements and information may be derived from the general accounting records, including work sheets, of the Company and excluding any questions requiring an interpretation by legal counsel, with the results obtained from the application of specified readings, inquiries and other appropriate procedures (which procedures do not constitute an examination in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards) set forth in the letter and found them to be in agreement;

4.3.6 Stating that they have not, since the Companys incorporation, brought to the attention of the Companys management any reportable condition related to internal structure, design or operation as defined in the Statement on Auditing Standards No. 60 Communication of Internal Control Structure Related Matters Noted in an Audit, in the Companys internal controls; and

4.3.7 Statements as to such other matters incident to the transaction contemplated hereby as the Representative or its counsel may reasonably request, including: (i) that WWC is registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; (ii) that WWC has sufficient assets and insurance to pay for any liability incurred by it relating to providing the letter; and (iii) that WWC is not insolvent.

4.4 Officers Certificates.

4.4.1 Officers Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer and the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company (in their capacities as such), dated the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, respectively, to the effect that the Company has performed all covenants and complied with all conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Company prior to and as of the Closing Date, or the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, and that the conditions set forth in Section 4 hereof have been satisfied as of such date and that, as of Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as the case may be, the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 2 hereof are true and correct. In addition, the Representative will have received such other and further certificates of officers of the Company (in their capacities as such) as the Representative may reasonably request.

4.4.2 Directors Certificate. At each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, the Representative shall have received a certificate of the Company signed by a Director of the Company, dated the Closing Date or the Option Date, as the case may be, respectively, certifying (i) that the Charter Document are true and complete, have not been modified and are in full force and effect, (ii) that the resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors relating to the public offering contemplated by this Agreement are in full force and effect and have not been modified, (iii) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Commission, (iv) as to the accuracy and completeness of all correspondence between the Company or its counsel and the Nasdaq and (v) as to the incumbency of the officers of the Company. The documents referred to in such certificate shall be attached to such certificate.

4.5 No Material Changes. Prior to and on each of the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, if any, (i) there shall have been no material adverse change or development involving a prospective material adverse change in the condition or prospects or the business activities, financial or otherwise, of the Company from the latest dates as of which such condition is set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (ii) no action suit or proceeding, at law or in equity, shall have been pending or threatened against the Company or any Insider before or by any court or federal, foreign or state commission, board or other administrative agency wherein an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding may materially adversely affect the business, operations, or financial condition or income of the Company, except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, (iii) no stop order shall have been issued under the Act and no proceedings therefor shall have been initiated or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened by the Commission, and (iv) the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto shall contain all material statements which are required to be stated therein in accordance with the Act and the Regulations and shall conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Act and the Regulations, and neither the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus nor the Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

23

4.6 Delivery of Agreements. On the Effective Date, the Company shall have delivered to the Representative executed copies of the Transaction Documents.

4.7 Placement Units. On the Closing Date and the Option Closing Date, as applicable, the Placement Units have been purchased as provided for in the Sponsor Unit Purchase Agreement and the requisite portion of the purchase price for such securities specified herein and therein shall be deposited into the Trust Account.

5. Indemnification and Contribution.

5.1 Indemnification.

5.1.1 Indemnification of the Underwriters. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, its affiliates and their respective partners, members, directors, officers, employees and agents, and each person, if any, who controls each Underwriter or any affiliate within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act as follows:

(a) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or any amendment thereto), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or arising out of any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact included in any preliminary prospectus, Statutory Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(b) against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense whatsoever, as incurred, joint or several, to the extent of the aggregate amount paid in settlement of any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened, or of any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission; provided that (subject to Section 5.1(c)) any such settlement is effected with the written consent of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be delayed, conditioned or withheld; and

(c) against any and all expense whatsoever, as reasonably incurred (including the fees and disbursements of counsel), in investigating, preparing or defending against any litigation, or any investigation or proceeding by any governmental authority, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever based upon any such untrue statement or omission, or any such alleged untrue statement or omission (whether or not a party), to the extent that any such expense is not paid under (a) or (b) above; provided, however, that this indemnity agreement shall not apply to any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense to the extent arising out of any untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made solely in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information.

5.1.2 Indemnification of the Company, its Directors and Officers. Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, and its directors, each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any and all loss, liability, claim, damage and expense described in the indemnity contained in Section 5.1.1, as incurred, but only with respect to untrue statements or omissions, or alleged untrue statements or omissions, made in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Statutory Prospectus, any Testing-the-Waters Communication or the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement to the foregoing), solely in reliance upon and in conformity with the Underwriters Information.

24

5.1.3 Notifications and Other Indemnification Procedures. Any party that proposes to assert the right to be indemnified under this Section 5.1 will, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim is to be made against an indemnifying party or parties under this Section 5.1, notify each such indemnifying party of the commencement of such action, enclosing a copy of all papers served, but the omission so to notify such indemnifying party will not relieve the indemnifying party from (i) any liability that it might have to any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 5.1 and (ii) any liability that it may have to any indemnified party under the foregoing provision of this Section 5.1 unless, and only to the extent that, such omission results in the forfeiture of substantive rights or defenses by the indemnifying party. If any such action is brought against any indemnified party and it notifies the indemnifying party of its commencement, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate in and, to the extent that it elects by delivering written notice to the indemnified party promptly after receiving notice of the commencement of the action from the indemnified party, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense of, the action, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to the indemnified party of its election to assume the defense, the indemnifying party will not be liable to the indemnified party for any other legal expenses except as provided below and except for the reasonable costs of investigation subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense. The indemnified party will have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action, but the fees, expenses and other charges of such counsel will be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (A) the employment of counsel by the indemnified party has been authorized in writing by the indemnifying party, (B) the indemnified party has reasonably concluded (based on advice of counsel) that there may be legal defenses available to it or other indemnified parties that are different from or in addition to those available to the indemnifying party, (C) a conflict or potential conflict exists (based on advice of counsel to the indemnified party) between the indemnified party and the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying party will not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party) or (D) the indemnifying party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of such action or counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, in each case, within a reasonable time after receiving notice of the commencement of the action; in each of which cases the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel will be at the expense of the indemnifying party or parties. It is understood that the indemnifying party or parties shall not, in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the reasonable fees, disbursements and other charges of more than one separate firm admitted to practice in such jurisdiction (plus local counsel) at any one time for all such indemnified party or parties. All such fees, disbursements and other charges will be reimbursed by the indemnifying party promptly as they are incurred. An indemnifying party will not, in any event, be liable for any settlement of any action or claim effected without its written consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of each indemnified party, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened claim, action or proceeding relating to the matters contemplated by this Section 5 (whether or not any indemnified party is a party thereto), unless such settlement, compromise or consent (x) includes an express and unconditional release of each indemnified party, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party, from all liability arising out of such litigation, investigation, proceeding or claim and (y) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.

5.1.4 Settlement Without Consent if Failure to Reimburse. If an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for reasonable fees and expenses of counsel, such indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of the nature contemplated by Section 5.1.1(b) effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than 45 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request, (ii) such indemnifying party shall have received notice of the terms of such settlement at least 30 days prior to such settlement being entered into and (iii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed such indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement.

25

5.2 Contribution. In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in the foregoing paragraphs of Section 5.1 is applicable in accordance with its terms but for any reason is held to be unavailable or insufficient from the Company or the Underwriters, the Company and the Underwriters will contribute to the total losses, claims, liabilities, expenses and damages (including any investigative, legal and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, suit or proceeding or any claim asserted) to which any indemnified party may be subject in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the sale of the Units (before deducting expenses) received by the Company bear to the total compensation received by the Underwriters (before deducting expenses) from the sale of Units on behalf of the Company. If, but only if, the allocation provided by the foregoing sentence is not permitted by applicable law, the allocation of contribution shall be made in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in the foregoing sentence but also the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Underwriters, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omission that resulted in such loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations with respect to such offering. Such relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or the Underwriters, the intent of the parties and their relative knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this Section 5.2 were to be determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to herein. The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the loss, claim, liability, expense or damage, or action in respect thereof, referred to above in this Section 5.2 shall be deemed to include, for the purpose of this Section 5.2, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim to the extent consistent with Section 5.1.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 5.1 and this Section 5.2, the Underwriters shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the commissions actually received by it under this Agreement and no person found guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) will be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. For purposes of this Section 5.2, any person who controls a party to this Agreement within the meaning of the Securities Act, any affiliates of the respective Underwriters and any officers, directors, partners, employees or agents of the Underwriters or their respective affiliates, will have the same rights to contribution as that party, and each director of the Company and each officer of the Company who signed the Registration Statement will have the same rights to contribution as the Company, subject in each case to the provisions hereof. Any party entitled to contribution, promptly after receipt of notice of commencement of any action against such party in respect of which a claim for contribution may be made under this Section 5.2, will notify any such party or parties from whom contribution may be sought, but the omission to so notify will not relieve that party or parties from whom contribution may be sought from any other obligation it or they may have under this Section 5.2 except to the extent that the failure to so notify such other party materially prejudiced the substantive rights or defenses of the party from whom contribution is sought. Except for a settlement entered into pursuant to the last sentence of Section 5.1.3, no party will be liable for contribution with respect to any action or claim settled without its written consent if such consent is required pursuant to Section 5.1.3.

6. Default by an Underwriter.

6.1 Default Not Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. If any Underwriter or Underwriters shall default in its or their obligations to purchase the Firm Units and if the number of the Firm Units with respect to which such default relates does not exceed in the aggregate 10% of the number of Firm Units that all Underwriters have agreed to purchase hereunder, then such Firm Units to which the default relates shall be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters in proportion to their respective commitments hereunder.

6.2 Default Exceeding 10% of Firm Units. In the event that the default addressed in Section 6.1 above relates to more than 10% of the Firm Units, the Representative may, in its discretion, arrange for it or for another party or parties to purchase such Firm Units to which such default relates on the terms contained herein. If within one (1) Business Day after such default relating to more than 10% of the Firm Units the Representative do not arrange for the purchase of such Firm Units, then the Company shall be entitled to a further period of one (1) Business Day within which to procure another party or parties satisfactory to the Representative to purchase said Firm Units on such terms. In the event that neither the Representative nor the Company arrange for the purchase of the Firm Units to which a default relates as provided in this Section 6, this Agreement may be terminated by the Representative or the Company without liability on the part of the Company (except as provided in Sections 3.9, 5, and 9.3 hereof) or the several Underwriters (except as provided in Section 5 hereof); provided that nothing herein shall relieve a defaulting Underwriter of its liability, if any, to the other several Underwriters and to the Company for damages occasioned by its default hereunder.

26

6.3 Postponement of Closing Date. In the event that the Firm Units to which the default relates are to be purchased by the non-defaulting Underwriters, or are to be purchased by another party or parties as aforesaid, the Representative or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date for a reasonable period, but not in any event exceeding five (5) Business Days, in order to effect whatever changes may thereby be made necessary in the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, or in any other documents and arrangements, and the Company agrees to file promptly any amendment to, or to supplement, the Registration Statement and/or the Prospectus, as the case may be, that in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Underwriters may thereby be made necessary. The term Underwriter as used in this Agreement shall include any party substituted under this Section 6 with like effect as if it had originally been a party to this Agreement with respect to such securities.

7. Additional Covenants.

7.1 Additional Shares or Options. The Company hereby agrees that until the consummation of a Business Combination, it shall not issue any Ordinary Shares or any options or other securities convertible into Ordinary Shares, or any preferred shares or other securities of the Company which participate in any manner in the Trust Account or which vote as a class with the Ordinary Shares on a Business Combination.

7.2 Trust Account Waiver Acknowledgments. The Company hereby agrees that it will use its reasonable best efforts prior to commencing its due diligence investigation of any prospective Target Business or obtaining the services of any vendor to have such Target Business and/or vendor acknowledge in writing whether through a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or other similar document (and subsequently acknowledges the same in any definitive document replacing any of the foregoing), that (a) it has read the Prospectus and understands that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of $50,000,000 (without giving effect to any exercise of the Over-allotment Option) for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem Ordinary Shares contained in the Public Securities in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time period set forth in the Charter Document, (iii) to the Public Shareholders in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Charter Document to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the Ordinary Shares included in the Public Securities if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the period of time provided in the Charter Document or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre- Business Combination activity; or (iv) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination and (b) for and in consideration of the Company (i) agreeing to evaluate such Target Business for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it or (ii) agreeing to engage the services of the vendor, as the case may be, such Target Business or vendor agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (Claim) and waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. The foregoing letters shall substantially be in the form attached hereto as Exhibits A and B, respectively. The Company may forego obtaining such waivers only if the Company shall have received the approval of its Chief Executive Officer and the approving vote of at least a majority of its Board of Directors.

7.3 Insider Letter. The Company shall not take any action or omit to take any action which would cause a breach of the Insider Letter and will not allow any amendments to, or waivers of, such Insider Letter without the prior written consent of the Representative, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

7.4 Rule 419. The Company agrees that it will use its best efforts to prevent the Company from becoming subject to Rule 419 under the Act prior to the consummation of any Business Combination, including but not limited to using its best efforts to prevent any of the Companys outstanding securities from being deemed to be a penny stock as defined in Rule 3a-51-1 under the Exchange Act during such period.

27

7.5 Tender Offer Documents, Proxy Materials and Other Information. The Company shall provide to the Representative or their counsel (if so instructed by the Representative) with 10 copies of all tender offer documents or proxy information and all related material filed with the Commission in connection with a Business Combination concurrently with such filing with the Commission. Documents filed with the Commission pursuant to its EDGAR system shall be deemed to have been provided to the Representative pursuant to this Section. In addition, the Company shall furnish any other state in which its initial public offering was registered, such information as may be requested by such state.

7.6 Emerging Growth Company. The Company shall promptly notify the Representative if the Company ceases to be an Emerging Growth Company at any time prior to the completion of the distribution of the Public Securities within the meaning of the Act.

7.7 Target Fair Market Value. The Company agrees that the Target Business that it acquires must have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of signing the definitive agreement for the Business Combination with such Target Business (excluding taxes payable). The fair market value of such business must be determined by the Board of Directors of the Company based upon standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and book value. If the Board of Directors of the Company is not able to independently determine that the target business meets such fair market value requirement, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. The Company is not required to obtain an opinion as to the fair market value if the Companys Board of Directors independently determines that the Target Business does have sufficient fair market value.

8. Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery. Except as the context otherwise requires, all representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to be representations, warranties and agreements as of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, and such representations, warranties and agreements of the Underwriters and the Company, including the indemnity agreements contained in Section 5 hereof, shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Underwriters, the Company or any Controlling Person, and shall survive termination of this Agreement or the issuance and delivery of the Public Securities to the Underwriters until the earlier of the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations and the seventh (7th) anniversary of the later of the Closing Date or the Option Closing Date, if any, at which time the representations, warranties and agreements shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.

9. Effective Date of This Agreement and Termination Thereof.

9.1 Effective Date. This Agreement shall become effective as of the date first written above.

9.2 Termination. The Representative shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time prior to the Closing Date, (i) if any domestic or international event or act or occurrence has materially disrupted, or in the Representatives opinion will in the immediate future materially disrupt, general securities markets in the United States, or (ii) if trading on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the Nasdaq Capital Market shall have been suspended, or minimum or maximum prices for trading shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been fixed, or maximum ranges for prices for securities shall have been required by FINRA or by order of the Commission or any other government authority having jurisdiction, or (iii) if the United States shall have become involved in a new war or an increase in existing major hostilities, or (iv) if a banking moratorium has been declared by a New York State or Federal authority, or (v) if a moratorium on foreign exchange trading has been declared which materially adversely impacts the United States securities market, or (vi) if the Company shall have sustained a material loss by fire, flood, accident, hurricane, earthquake, theft, sabotage or other calamity or malicious act which, whether or not such loss shall have been insured, will, in the Representatives sole opinion, make it inadvisable to proceed with the delivery of the Units, or (vii) if the Company is in material breach of any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder, or (viii) if the Representative shall have become aware after the date hereof of such a material adverse change in the conditions of the Company, or such adverse material change in general market conditions, including without limitation as a result of terrorist activities after the date hereof, as in the Representatives sole judgment would make it impracticable to proceed with the offering, sale and/or delivery of the Units or to enforce contracts made by the Underwriters for the sale of the Public Securities.

28

9.3 Expenses. In the event that this Agreement shall not be carried out for any reason whatsoever, except as a result of the any Underwriters breach or default with respect to any of its material obligations pursuant to this Agreement or with respect to a termination pursuant to Section 9.2(i) to (vi) hereof, within the time specified herein or any extensions thereof pursuant to the terms herein, (i) the obligations of the Company to pay the out of pocket expenses related to the transactions contemplated herein shall be governed by Section 3.9 hereof, and (ii) the Company shall reimburse the Representative for any costs and expenses incurred in connection with enforcing any provisions of this Agreement.

9.4 Indemnification. Notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in this Agreement, any election hereunder or any termination of this Agreement, and whether or not this Agreement is otherwise carried out, the provisions of Section 5 shall not be in any way affected by such election or termination or failure to carry out the terms of this Agreement or any part hereof.

10. Miscellaneous.

10.1 Notices. All communications hereunder, except as herein otherwise specifically provided, shall be in writing and shall be mailed, delivered by hand or reputable overnight courier or delivered by facsimile transmission (with printed confirmation of receipt) and confirmed and shall be deemed given when so mailed, delivered or faxed or if mailed, two days after such mailing.

If to the Representative:

Maxim Group LLC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attn: James Siegel, General Counsel

Facsimile: (212) 895-3860

Email: jsiegel@maximgrp.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Loeb & Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10154

Tel: (212) 407-4000

Attn: Mitchell S. Nussbaum, Esq. and David J. Levine, Esq.

Email: mnussbaum@loeb.com; dlevine@loeb.com

If to the Company:

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

39 E Broadway, Suite 603

New York, NY 10002

Attn: Shaokang Lu

Email: kenlu@uysacquisition.com

Copy (which copy shall not constitute notice) to:

Becker & Poliakoff, P.A.

45 Broadway, 17th Floor

New York, NY 10006Attn: Bill Huo, Esq. and Michael Goldstein, Esq.

Tel: (212) 599-3322

Email: bhuo@beckerlawyers.com; mgoldstein@beckerlawyers.com

29

10.2 Headings. The headings contained herein are for the sole purpose of convenience of reference, and shall not in any way limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

10.3 Amendment. This Agreement may only be amended by a written instrument executed by each of the parties hereto.

10.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the other agreements and documents being delivered pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement) constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings of the parties, oral and written, with respect to the subject matter hereof.

10.5 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure solely to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the Representative, the Underwriters, the Selected Dealers, the Company and the Controlling Persons, directors, agents, partners, members, employees and officers referred to in Section 5 hereof, and their respective successors, legal representatives and assigns, and no other person shall have or be construed to have any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of or by virtue of this Agreement or any provisions herein contained. The term successors and assigns shall not include a purchaser, in its capacity as such, of securities from the Underwriters.

10.6 Waiver of Immunity. To the extent that the Company may be entitled in any jurisdiction in which judicial proceedings may at any time be commenced hereunder, to claim for itself or its revenues or assets any immunity, including sovereign immunity, from suit, jurisdiction, attachment in aid of execution of a judgment or prior to a judgment, execution of a judgment or any other legal process with respect to its obligations hereunder and to the extent that in any such jurisdiction there may be attributed to the Company such an immunity (whether or not claimed), the Company hereby irrevocably agrees not to claim and irrevocably waives such immunity to the maximum extent permitted by law.

10.7 Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably submit to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or United States Federal court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Registration Statement, the Statutory Prospectus and the Prospectus or the offering of the Securities. Each of the Company and the Representative irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Any such process or summons to be served upon the Company or the Representative may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 10.1 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company or the Representative in any action, proceeding or claim. Each of the Company and the Representative waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any other requirements of or objections to personal jurisdiction with respect thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any action based on this Agreement may be instituted by the Underwriters in any competent court. The Company agrees that prevailing party(ies) in any such action shall be entitled to recover all of their reasonable attorneys fees and expenses relating to such action or proceeding and/or incurred in connection with the preparation therefor if any of them are the prevailing party in such action or proceeding.

10.8 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.

10.9 Execution in Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts has been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

30

10.10 Waiver. The failure of any of the parties hereto to at any time enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provision, nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or any provision hereof or the right of any of the parties hereto to thereafter enforce each and every provision of this Agreement. No waiver of any breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument executed by the party or parties against whom or which enforcement of such waiver is sought; and no waiver of any such breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment shall be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach, non-compliance or non-fulfillment.

10.11 No Fiduciary Relationship. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the purchase and sale of the Units pursuant to this Agreement is an arms-length commercial transaction pursuant to a contractual relationship between the Company and the Underwriters, (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading to such transaction, each Underwriter is acting solely as a principal and not the agent or fiduciary of the Company, (iii) the Underwriters have not assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company with respect to the offering contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether the Underwriters have advised or are currently advising the Company on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth in this Agreement, (iv) in no event do the parties intend that the Underwriters act or be responsible as a fiduciary to the Company, its management, stockholders, creditors or any other person in connection with any activity that the Underwriters may undertake or have undertaken in furtherance of this offering of the Companys securities, either before or after the date hereof and (v) the Company has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. The Underwriters hereby expressly disclaim any fiduciary or similar obligations to the Company, either in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions, and the Company hereby confirms its understanding and agreement to that effect. The Company agrees that it will not claim that the Underwriters have rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owe a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. The Company and the Underwriters agree that they are each responsible for making their own independent judgment with respect to any such transactions, and that any opinions or views expressed by the Underwriters to the Company regarding such transactions, including but not limited to any opinions or views with respect to the price or market for the Companys securities, do not constitute advice or recommendations to the Company. The Company hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that the Company may have against the Underwriters with respect to any breach or alleged breach of any fiduciary or similar duty to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any matters leading up to such transactions.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

31

If the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding between the Underwriters and the Company, please so indicate in the space provided below for that purpose, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding agreement between us.

Very truly yours,

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Jialuan Ma

Name: Jialuan Ma

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Accepted on the date first above written.

MAXIM GROUP LLC,

as Representative of the several Underwriters

By: /s/ Larry Glassberg 

Name: Larry Glassberg 

Title: Co-Head of Investment Banking 

[Signature page to Underwriting Agreement]

32

SCHEDULE A

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP.

5,000,000 Units

Underwriters Number of Firm

Units to be

Purchased 

Maxim Group LLC 

Total 5,000,000 

Sch. A-1

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF TARGET BUSINESS LETTER

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final Prospectus of UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. (the Company), dated as of _________, 2025 (the Prospectus). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus and understand that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of at least $50,000,000 for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only: (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem their public shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period set forth in its Memorandum and Articles of Association as the same may be amended from time to time, (iii) to the Public Shareholders in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Charter Document to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the Ordinary Shares included in the Public Securities if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the period of time provided in the Charter Document or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre- Business Combination activity; or (iv) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of the Company agreeing to evaluate the undersigned for purposes of consummating a Business Combination with it, the undersigned hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (each, a Claim) and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

Print Name of Target Business 

Authorized Signature of Target Business 

A-1

EXHIBIT B

FORM OF VENDOR LETTER

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Final Prospectus of UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. (the Company), dated as of _________, 2025 (the Prospectus). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in Prospectus.

We have read the Prospectus and understand that the Company has established the Trust Account, initially in an amount of at least $50,000,000 for the benefit of the Public Shareholders and that, except for a portion of the interest earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Company may disburse monies from the Trust Account only: (i) to the Public Shareholders in the event they elect to redeem their public shares in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) to the Public Shareholders if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period set forth in its Memorandum and Articles of Association as the same may be amended from time to time, (iii) to the Public Shareholders in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Charter Document to modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the Ordinary Shares included in the Public Securities if the Company has not consummated a Business Combination within the period of time provided in the Charter Document or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre- Business Combination activity; or (iv) to the Company after or concurrently with the consummation of a Business Combination.

For and in consideration of the Company agreeing to engage the services of the undersigned, the undersigned hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account (each, a Claim) and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

Print Name of Vendor 

Authorized Signature of Vendor 

B-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>uyscuti_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit
3.1

THE
COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF
THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY
LIMITED BY SHARES

SECOND
AMENDED AND RESTATED

MEMORANDUM
OF ASSOCIATION

OF

UY
SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP.

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED 18 MARCH 2025 AND EFFECTIVE ON 31 MARCH 2025)

1. The
name of the Company is UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

2. The registered office of the Company shall be at the offices of Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited, Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive,
P.O. Box 2681, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands, or at such other place within the Cayman Islands as the Directors may
decide.

3. The
objects for which the Company is established are unrestricted and the Company shall have
full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by the laws of the Cayman
Islands.

4. The
liability of each Member is limited to the amount unpaid on such Members shares.

5. The
share capital of the Company is US$50,000.00 divided into 490,000,000 ordinary shares of
a par value of US$0.0001 each and 10,000,000 preference shares of a par value of US$0.0001.

6. The
Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares
under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the
Cayman Islands.

7. Capitalised
terms that are not defined in this Second Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association
bear the respective meanings given to them in the Second Amended and Restated Articles of
Association of the Company.

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

THE
COMPANIES ACT (AS REVISED)

OF
THE CAYMAN ISLANDS

COMPANY
LIMITED BY SHARES

SECOND
AMENDED AND RESTATED

ARTICLES
OF ASSOCIATION

OF

UY
SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP.

(ADOPTED BY SPECIAL RESOLUTION DATED 18 MARCH 2025 AND EFFECTIVE ON 31 MARCH 2025)

1 Interpretation

1.1 In
the Articles Table A in the First Schedule to the Statute does not apply and, unless there
is something in the subject or context inconsistent therewith:

Affiliate 

in
respect of a person, means any other person that, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such person, and (a) in the case of a natural person, shall include, without limitation, such persons
spouse, parents, children, siblings, mother-in-law and father-in-law and brothers and sisters-in-law, whether by blood, marriage or adoption
or anyone residing in such persons home, a trust for the benefit of any of the foregoing, a company, partnership or any natural
person or entity wholly or jointly owned by any of the foregoing and (b) in the case of an entity, shall include a partnership, a corporation
or any natural person or entity which directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such entity.

2 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

Applicable
Law means, with respect to
any person, all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees
or orders of any governmental authority applicable to such person.

Articles means these second amended
and restated articles of association of the Company.

Audit Committee means the audit committee
of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Auditor means the person for the
time being performing the duties of auditor of the Company (if any).

Business Combination means a merger, amalgamation,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company, with one
or more businesses or entities (the target business) which Business Combination (a) as long as the securities
of the Company are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Nasdaq Global Market or Nasdaq Capital Market, must occur with one
or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value of at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (less
any income taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of the signing of the definitive agreement to enter into such Business Combination;
and (b) must not be solely effectuated with another blank cheque company or a similar company with nominal operations.

Business Day means any day other than
a Saturday, a Sunday or a legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by
law to close in New York City.

Cause means a conviction for
a criminal offence involving dishonesty or engaging in conduct which brings a Director or the Company into disrepute or which results
in a material financial detriment to the Company.

3 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

Clearing
House means a clearing house
recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock
exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction.

Company means the above named company.

Companys Website means the website of the
Company and/or its web-address or domain name, if any.

Compensation Committee means the compensation
committee of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Designated Stock Exchange means any securities exchange
on which the securities of the Company are listed for trading, including the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq Capital Market.

Directors means the directors for
the time being of the Company.

Dividend means any dividend (whether
interim or final) resolved to be paid on Shares pursuant to the Articles.

Electronic Communication means a communication sent
by electronic means, including electronic posting to the Companys Website, transmission to any number, address or internet
website (including the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission) or other electronic delivery methods as otherwise decided
and approved by the Directors.

Electronic Record has the same meaning as
in the Electronic Transactions Act.

Electronic Transactions
Act means the Electronic Transactions
Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Exchange Act means the United States
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

4 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

Independent
Director has the same meaning as
in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange or in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, as the case may be.

IPO means the Companys
initial public offering of securities.

Member has the same meaning as
in the Statute.

Memorandum means the second amended
and restated memorandum of association of the Company.

Minimum Member means a Member meeting
the minimum requirements set forth for eligible members to submit proposals under Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act or any applicable
rules thereunder as may be amended or promulgated thereunder from time to time.

Nominating Committee means any nominating committee
of the board of directors of the Company established pursuant to the Articles, or any successor committee.

Officer means a person appointed
to hold an office in the Company.

Ordinary Resolution means a resolution passed
by a simple majority of the Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general
meeting, and includes a unanimous written resolution. In computing the majority when a poll is demanded regard shall be had to the
number of votes to which each Member is entitled by the Articles.

Ordinary Share means an ordinary share
of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Over-Allotment Option means the option of the
Underwriters to purchase up to an additional 15 per cent of the firm units (as described in the Articles) sold in the IPO at a price
equal to US$10 per unit, less, underwriting discounts and commissions.

5 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

Preference
Share means a preference share
of a par value of US$0.0001 in the share capital of the Company.

Public Share means an Ordinary Share
issued as part of the units (as described in the Articles) issued in the IPO.

Redemption Notice means a notice in a form
approved by the Directors by which a holder of Public Shares is entitled to require the Company to redeem its Public Shares.

Register of Members means the Register of Members
maintained in accordance with the Statute and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate Register of Members.

Registered Office means the registered office
for the time being of the Company.

Representative means a representative
of the Underwriters.

Seal means the common seal of
the Company and includes every duplicate seal.

Securities and Exchange
Commission means the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission.

Share means an Ordinary Share
or a Preference Share and includes a fraction of a share in the Company.

Special Resolution has the same meaning as
in the Statute, and includes a unanimous written resolution.

Sponsor means UY Scuti Investments
Limited, a British Virgin Islands company, and its successors or assigns.

Sponsor Shares means the Shares held for
the time being by the Sponsor.

Statute means the Companies Act
(As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.

Tax Filing Authorised
Person means such person as any
Director shall designate from time to time, acting severally.

Treasury Share means a Share held in the
name of the Company as a treasury share in accordance with the Statute.

6 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

Trust Account means the trust account
established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the net proceeds of the IPO, together
with a certain amount of the proceeds of a private placement of like units comprising like securities to those included in the IPO
simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO, will be deposited, interest on the balance of which may be released to the Company
from to time to time to pay the Companys income or other tax obligations, and up to US$100,000 of such interest on the balance
of the Trust Account may also be released to pay the dissolution expenses of the Company, if applicable.

Underwriter means an underwriter of
the IPO from time to time and any successor underwriter.

1.2 In
the Articles:

(a) words
importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa;

(b) words
importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender;

(c) words
importing persons include corporations as well as any other legal or natural person;

(d) written
and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible
form, including in the form of an Electronic Record;

(e) shall
shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive;

(f) references
to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions
as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced;

(g) any
phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in
particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall
not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms;

(h) the
term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or.
The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies
the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or
shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted
to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires);

7 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

(i) headings
are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing the Articles;

(j) any
requirements as to delivery under the Articles include delivery in the form of an Electronic
Record;

(k) any
requirements as to execution or signature under the Articles including the execution of the
Articles themselves can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature as defined in
the Electronic Transactions Act;

(l) sections
8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Act shall not apply;

(m) the
term clear days in relation to the period of a notice means that period excluding
the day when the notice is received or deemed to be received and the day for which it is
given or on which it is to take effect; and

(n) the
term holder in relation to a Share means a person whose name is entered in
the Register of Members as the holder of such Share.

2 Commencement
of Business

2.1 The
business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation of the Company as the
Directors shall see fit.

2.2 The
Directors may pay, out of the capital or any other monies of the Company, all expenses incurred
in or about the formation and establishment of the Company, including the expenses of registration.

3 Issue
of Shares

3.1 Subject
to the provisions, if any, in the Memorandum (and to any direction that may be given by the
Company in general meeting) and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, and without prejudice to any rights attached
to any existing Shares, the Directors may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose
of Shares (including fractions of a Share) with or without preferred, deferred or other rights
or restrictions, whether in regard to Dividends or other distributions, voting, return of
capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as they think
proper, and may also (subject to the Statute and the Articles) vary such rights.

3.2 The
Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar
nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive
any class of Shares or other securities in the Company on such terms as the Directors may
from time to time determine.

8 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

3.3 The
Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of whole or
fractional Shares, rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar
nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive
any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, upon such terms as the Directors
may from time to time determine.

3.4 The
Company shall not issue Shares to bearer.

4 Register
of Members

4.1 The
Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with
the Statute.

4.2 The
Directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members
in accordance with the Statute. The Directors may also determine which register of Members
shall constitute the principal register and which shall constitute the branch register or
registers, and to vary such determination from time to time.

5 Closing
Register of Members or Fixing Record Date

5.1 For
the purpose of determining Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at any meeting of Members
or any adjournment thereof, or Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other
distribution, or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose, the Directors
may, after notice has been given by advertisement in an appointed newspaper or any other
newspaper or by any other means in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, provide that the Register of Members shall be
closed for transfers for a stated period which shall not in any case exceed forty days.

5.2 In
lieu of, or apart from, closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance
or arrears a date as the record date for any such determination of Members entitled to notice
of, or to vote at any meeting of the Members or any adjournment thereof, or for the purpose
of determining the Members entitled to receive payment of any Dividend or other distribution,
or in order to make a determination of Members for any other purpose.

5.3 If
the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination
of Members entitled to notice of, or to vote at, a meeting of Members or Members entitled
to receive payment of a Dividend or other distribution, the date on which notice of the meeting
is sent or the date on which the resolution of the Directors resolving to pay such Dividend
or other distribution is passed, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination
of Members. When a determination of Members entitled to vote at any meeting of Members has
been made as provided in this Article, such determination shall apply to any adjournment
thereof.

9 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

6 Certificates
for Shares

6.1 A
Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the Directors resolve that share
certificates shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in
such form as the Directors may determine. Share certificates shall be signed by one or more
Directors or other person authorised by the Directors. The Directors may authorise certificates
to be issued with the authorised signature(s) affixed by mechanical process. All certificates
for Shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified and shall specify the
Shares to which they relate. All certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall
be cancelled and, subject to the Articles, no new certificate shall be issued until the former
certificate representing a like number of relevant Shares shall have been surrendered and
cancelled.

6.2 The
Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by
more than one person and delivery of a certificate to one joint holder shall be a sufficient
delivery to all of them.

6.3 If
a share certificate is defaced, worn out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms
(if any) as to evidence and indemnity and on the payment of such expenses reasonably incurred
by the Company in investigating evidence, as the Directors may prescribe, and (in the case
of defacement or wearing out) upon delivery of the old certificate.

6.4 Every
share certificate sent in accordance with the Articles will be sent at the risk of the Member
or other person entitled to the certificate. The Company will not be responsible for any
share certificate lost or delayed in the course of delivery.

6.5 Share
certificates shall be issued within the relevant time limit as prescribed by the Statute,
if applicable, or as the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law may from time to time determine, whichever is shorter, after the allotment
or, except in the case of a Share transfer which the Company is for the time being entitled
to refuse to register and does not register, after lodgement of a Share transfer with the
Company.

7 Transfer
of Shares

7.1 Subject
to the terms of the Articles, any Member may transfer all or any of his Shares by an instrument
of transfer provided that such transfer complies with the rules and regulations of the Designated
Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory
authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction
with rights, options or warrants issued pursuant to the Articles on terms that one cannot
be transferred without the other, the Directors shall refuse to register the transfer of
any such Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such option
or warrant.

10 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

7.2 The
instrument of transfer of any Share shall be in writing in the usual or common form or in
a form prescribed by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law or in any other form approved by the Directors and shall be executed by or
on behalf of the transferor (and if the Directors so require, signed by or on behalf of the
transferee) and may be under hand or, if the transferor or transferee is a Clearing House
or its nominee(s), by hand or by machine imprinted signature or by such other manner of execution
as the Directors may approve from time to time. The transferor shall be deemed to remain
the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members.

8 Redemption,
Repurchase and Surrender of Shares

8.1 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may issue Shares that
are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of the Member or the Company.
The redemption of such Shares, except Public Shares, shall be effected in such manner and
upon such other terms as the Company may, by Special Resolution, determine before the issue
of such Shares. With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares:

(a) Members
who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances
described in the Business Combination Article hereof;

(b) Sponsor
Shares held by the Sponsor shall, following consummation of the IPO, be surrendered by the
Sponsor on a pro rata basis for no consideration to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option
is not exercised in full so that the Sponsor Shares will at all times represent 20 per cent
of the Companys issued Shares after the IPO; and

(c) Public
Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in the Business
Combination Article hereof.

8.2 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, and, where applicable, the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent
regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law, the Company may purchase its own
Shares (including any redeemable Shares) in such manner and on such other terms as the Directors
may agree with the relevant Member. For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions, repurchases
and surrenders of Shares in the circumstances described in the Article above shall not require
further approval of the Members.

8.3 The
Company may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in
any manner permitted by the Statute, including out of capital.

8.4 The
Directors may accept the surrender for no consideration of any fully paid Share.

11 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

9 Treasury
Shares

9.1 The
Directors may, prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of any Share, determine that
such Share shall be held as a Treasury Share.

9.2 The
Directors may determine to cancel a Treasury Share or transfer a Treasury Share on such terms
as they think proper (including, without limitation, for nil consideration).

10 Variation
of Rights of Shares

10.1 Subject
to Article 3.1, if at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different
classes of Shares, all or any of the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided
by the terms of issue of the Shares of that class) may, whether or not the Company is being
wound up, be varied without the consent of the holders of the issued Shares of that class
where such variation is considered by the Directors not to have a material adverse effect
upon such rights; otherwise, any such variation shall be made only with the consent in writing
of the holders of not less than two thirds of the issued Shares of that class, or with the
approval of a resolution passed by a majority of not less than two thirds of the votes cast
at a separate meeting of the holders of the Shares of that class. For the avoidance of doubt,
the Directors reserve the right, notwithstanding that any such variation may not have a material
adverse effect, to obtain consent from the holders of Shares of the relevant class. To any
such meeting all the provisions of the Articles relating to general meetings shall apply
mutatis mutandis, except that the necessary quorum shall be one person holding or representing
by proxy at least one third of the issued Shares of the class and that any holder of Shares
of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll.

10.2 For
the purposes of a separate class meeting, the Directors may treat two or more or all the
classes of Shares as forming one class of Shares if the Directors consider that such class
of Shares would be affected in the same way by the proposals under consideration, but in
any other case shall treat them as separate classes of Shares.

10.3 The
rights conferred upon the holders of the Shares of any class issued with preferred or other
rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the Shares
of that class, be deemed to be varied: (i) by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking
pari passu therewith or Shares issued with preferred or other rights; or (ii) where the constitutional
documents of the Company are amended or new constitutional documents of the Company are adopted,
in each case, as a result of the Company undertaking a transfer by way of continuation in
a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands.

11 Commission
on Sale of Shares

The
Company may, in so far as the Statute permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe
(whether absolutely or conditionally) or procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions (whether absolutely or conditionally) for any
Shares. Such commissions may be satisfied by the payment of cash and/or the issue of fully or partly paid-up Shares. The Company may
also on any issue of Shares pay such brokerage as may be lawful.

12 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

12 Non
Recognition of Trusts

The
Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable, contingent, future or partial
interest in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by the Articles or the Statute) any other rights in respect of any Share
other than an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder.

13 Lien
on Shares

13.1 The
Company shall have a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether fully paid-up or not)
registered in the name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others) for all debts,
liabilities or engagements to or with the Company (whether presently payable or not) by such
Member or his estate, either alone or jointly with any other person, whether a Member or
not, but the Directors may at any time declare any Share to be wholly or in part exempt from
the provisions of this Article. The registration of a transfer of any such Share shall operate
as a waiver of the Companys lien thereon. The Companys lien on a Share shall
also extend to any amount payable in respect of that Share.

13.2 The
Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any Shares on which the Company
has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, and is not
paid within fourteen clear days after notice has been received or deemed to have been received
by the holder of the Shares, or to the person entitled to it in consequence of the death
or bankruptcy of the holder, demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied
with the Shares may be sold.

13.3 To
give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument
of transfer of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser.
The purchaser or his nominee shall be registered as the holder of the Shares comprised in
any such transfer, and he shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money,
nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the sale
or the exercise of the Companys power of sale under the Articles.

13.4 The
net proceeds of such sale after payment of costs, shall be applied in payment of such part
of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable and any balance
shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the Shares before
the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the Shares at the date of the sale.

14 Call
on Shares

14.1 Subject
to the terms of the allotment and issue of any Shares, the Directors may make calls upon
the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their Shares (whether in respect of par value
or premium), and each Member shall (subject to receiving at least fourteen clear days
notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so
specified the amount called on the Shares. A call may be revoked or postponed, in whole or
in part, as the Directors may determine. A call may be required to be paid by instalments.
A person upon whom a call is made shall remain liable for calls made upon him notwithstanding
the subsequent transfer of the Shares in respect of which the call was made.

13 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

14.2 A
call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising
such call was passed.

14.3 The
joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect
thereof.

14.4 If
a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable, the person from whom it is due
shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is
paid at such rate as the Directors may determine (and in addition all expenses that have
been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment), but the Directors may waive
payment of the interest or expenses wholly or in part.

14.5 An
amount payable in respect of a Share on issue or allotment or at any fixed date, whether
on account of the par value of the Share or premium or otherwise, shall be deemed to be a
call and if it is not paid all the provisions of the Articles shall apply as if that amount
had become due and payable by virtue of a call.

14.6 The
Directors may issue Shares with different terms as to the amount and times of payment of
calls, or the interest to be paid.

14.7 The
Directors may, if they think fit, receive an amount from any Member willing to advance all
or any part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon any Shares held by him, and may (until
the amount would otherwise become payable) pay interest at such rate as may be agreed upon
between the Directors and the Member paying such amount in advance.

14.8 No
such amount paid in advance of calls shall entitle the Member paying such amount to any portion
of a Dividend or other distribution payable in respect of any period prior to the date upon
which such amount would, but for such payment, become payable.

15 Forfeiture
of Shares

15.1 If
a call or instalment of a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the Directors
may give to the person from whom it is due not less than fourteen clear days notice
requiring payment of the amount unpaid together with any interest which may have accrued
and any expenses incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment. The notice shall
specify where payment is to be made and shall state that if the notice is not complied with
the Shares in respect of which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited.

15.2 If
the notice is not complied with, any Share in respect of which it was given may, before the
payment required by the notice has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors.
Such forfeiture shall include all Dividends, other distributions or other monies payable
in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture.

15.3 A
forfeited Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such
manner as the Directors think fit and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition
the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit. Where for the purposes
of its disposal a forfeited Share is to be transferred to any person the Directors may authorise
some person to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share in favour of that person.

14 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

15.4 A
person any of whose Shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of them
and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for the Shares forfeited
and shall remain liable to pay to the Company all monies which at the date of forfeiture
were payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together with interest at such
rate as the Directors may determine, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company
shall have received payment in full of all monies due and payable by him in respect of those
Shares.

15.5 A
certificate in writing under the hand of one Director or Officer that a Share has been forfeited
on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as against all
persons claiming to be entitled to the Share. The certificate shall (subject to the execution
of an instrument of transfer) constitute a good title to the Share and the person to whom
the Share is sold or otherwise disposed of shall not be bound to see to the application of
the purchase money, if any, nor shall his title to the Share be affected by any irregularity
or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the
Share.

15.6 The
provisions of the Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non-payment of any
sum which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on
account of the par value of the Share or by way of premium as if it had been payable by virtue
of a call duly made and notified.

16 Transmission
of Shares

16.1 If
a Member dies, the survivor or survivors (where he was a joint holder), or his legal personal
representatives (where he was a sole holder), shall be the only persons recognised by the
Company as having any title to his Shares. The estate of a deceased Member is not thereby
released from any liability in respect of any Share, for which he was a joint or sole holder.

16.2 Any
person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation
or dissolution of a Member (or in any other way than by transfer) may, upon such evidence
being produced as may be required by the Directors, elect, by a notice in writing sent by
him to the Company, either to become the holder of such Share or to have some person nominated
by him registered as the holder of such Share. If he elects to have another person registered
as the holder of such Share he shall sign an instrument of transfer of that Share to that
person. The Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration
as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before
his death or bankruptcy or liquidation or dissolution, as the case may be.

16.3 A
person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy or liquidation or
dissolution of a Member (or in any other case than by transfer) shall be entitled to the
same Dividends, other distributions and other advantages to which he would be entitled if
he were the holder of such Share. However, he shall not, before becoming a Member in respect
of a Share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right conferred by membership in
relation to general meetings of the Company and the Directors may at any time give notice
requiring any such person to elect either to be registered himself or to have some person
nominated by him be registered as the holder of the Share (but the Directors shall, in either
case, have the same right to decline or suspend registration as they would have had in the
case of a transfer of the Share by the relevant Member before his death or bankruptcy or
liquidation or dissolution or any other case than by transfer, as the case may be). If the
notice is not complied with within ninety days of being received or deemed to be received
(as determined pursuant to the Articles), the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of
all Dividends, other distributions, bonuses or other monies payable in respect of the Share
until the requirements of the notice have been complied with.

15 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

17 Amendments
of Memorandum and Articles of Association and Alteration of Capital

17.1 The
Company may by Ordinary Resolution:

(a) increase
its share capital by such sum as the Ordinary Resolution shall prescribe and with such rights,
priorities and privileges annexed thereto, as the Company in general meeting may determine;

(b) consolidate
and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing
Shares;

(c) convert
all or any of its paid-up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid-up Shares
of any denomination;

(d) by
subdivision of its existing Shares or any of them divide the whole or any part of its share
capital into Shares of smaller amount than is fixed by the Memorandum or into Shares without
par value; and

(e) cancel
any Shares that at the date of the passing of the Ordinary Resolution have not been taken
or agreed to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount
of the Shares so cancelled.

17.2 All
new Shares created in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Article shall be subject
to the same provisions of the Articles with reference to the payment of calls, liens, transfer,
transmission, forfeiture and otherwise as the Shares in the original share capital.

17.3 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, the provisions of the Articles as regards the matters to
be dealt with by Ordinary Resolution, the Company may by Special Resolution:

(a) change
its name;

(b) alter
or add to the Articles;

(c) alter
or add to the Memorandum with respect to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein;
and

(d) reduce
its share capital or any capital redemption reserve fund.

18 Offices
and Places of Business

Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, the Company may by resolution of the Directors change the location of its Registered Office. The Company
may, in addition to its Registered Office, maintain such other offices or places of business as the Directors determine.

16 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

19 General
Meetings

19.1 All
general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general
meetings.

19.2 To
the extent required by the Designated Stock Exchange, an annual general meeting of the Company
shall be held no later than one year after the first financial year end occurring after the
IPO, and shall be held in each year thereafter at such time as determined by the Directors
and the Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Statute or the rules and regulations
of the Designated Stock Exchange) be obliged to, in each year hold any other general meeting.
Any annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place as the Directors shall appoint.
At these meetings the report of the Directors (if any) shall be presented.

19.3 The
Directors, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board of Directors may call
general meetings.

20 Notice
of General Meetings

20.1 At
least five clear days notice shall be given of any general meeting. Every notice shall
specify the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business
to be conducted at the general meeting and shall be given in the manner hereinafter mentioned
or in such other manner if any as may be prescribed by the Company, provided that a general
meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been
given and whether or not the provisions of the Articles regarding general meetings have been
complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed:

(a) in
the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote
thereat; and

(b) in
the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having
a right to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than ninety-five per
cent in par value of the Shares giving that right.

20.2 The
accidental omission to give notice of a general meeting to, or the non-receipt of notice
of a general meeting by, any person entitled to receive such notice shall not invalidate
the proceedings of that general meeting.

21 Advance
Notice for Business

21.1 At
each annual general meeting, the Members shall appoint the Directors then subject to appointment
in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Articles and subject to Applicable Law
and the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange or quotation system on which Shares may be
then listed or quoted. At any such annual general meeting any other business properly brought
before the annual general meeting may be transacted.

17 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

21.2 To
be properly brought before an annual general meeting, business (other than nominations of
Directors, which must be made in compliance with, and shall be exclusively governed by Article
28) must be:

(a) specified
in the notice of the annual general meeting (or any supplement thereto) given to Members
by or at the direction of the Directors in accordance with the Articles;

(b) otherwise
properly brought before the annual general meeting by or at the direction of the Directors;
or

(c) otherwise
properly brought before the annual general meeting by a Member who:

(i) is
a Minimum Member at the time of giving of the notice provided for in this Article and at
the time of the annual general meeting;

(ii) is
entitled to vote at such annual general meeting; and

(iii) complies
with the notice procedures set forth in this Article.

21.3 For
any such business to be properly brought before any annual general meeting pursuant to Article
21.2(c), the Member must have given timely notice thereof in writing, either by personal
delivery or express or registered mail (postage prepaid), to the Company not earlier than
the close of business on the 120th day and not later than the close of business on the 90th
day prior to the one-year anniversary of the date of the annual general meeting for the immediately
preceding year. However, in the event that the date of the annual general meeting is more
than 30 days before or after such anniversary date, in order to be timely, a Members
notice must be received by the Company not later than the later of: (x) the close of business
90 days prior to the date of such annual general meeting; and (y) if the first public announcement
of the date of such advanced or delayed annual general meeting is less than 100 days prior
to such date, 10 days following the date of the first public announcement of the annual general
meeting date. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement
of an annual general meeting, or such adjournment or postponement, commence a new time period
or otherwise extend any time period for the giving of a Members notice as described
herein.

21.4 For
such notice of other business shall set forth as to each matter the Member proposes to bring
before the annual general meeting:

(a) a
brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual general meeting,
the reasons for conducting such business at the annual general meeting and the text of any
proposal regarding such business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration
and, if such business includes a proposal to amend the Articles, the text of the proposed
amendment), which shall not exceed 1,000 words;

18 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

(b) as
to the Member giving notice and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the proposal is made:

(i) the
name and address of such Member (as it appears in the Register of Members) and such beneficial
owner on whose behalf the proposal is made;

(ii) the
class and number of Shares which are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially or of record
by any such Member and by such beneficial owner, respectively, or their respective Affiliates
(naming such Affiliates), as at the date of such notice;

(iii) a
description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including, without limitation,
any swap or other derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, hedging transactions,
and securities lending or borrowing arrangement) to which such Member or any such beneficial
owner or their respective Affiliates is, directly or indirectly, a party as at the date of
such notice: (x) with respect to any Shares; or (y) the effect or intent of which is to mitigate
loss to, manage the potential risk or benefit of share price changes (increases or decreases)
for, or increase or decrease the voting power of such Member or beneficial owner or any of
their Affiliates with respect to Shares or which may have payments based in whole or in part,
directly or indirectly, on the value (or change in value) of any Shares (any agreement, arrangement
or understanding of a type described in this Article 21.4(b)(iii), a Covered Arrangement);
and

(iv) a
representation that the Member is a holder of record of Shares entitled to vote at such annual
general meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual general meeting
to propose such business;

(c) a
description of any direct or indirect material interest by security holdings or otherwise
of the Member and of any beneficial owner on whose behalf the proposal is made, or their
respective Affiliates, in such business (whether by holdings of securities, or by virtue
of being a creditor or contractual counterparty of the Company or of a third party, or otherwise)
and all agreements, arrangements and understandings between such Member or any such beneficial
owner or their respective Affiliates and any other person or persons (naming such person
or persons) in connection with the proposal of such business by such Member;

19 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

(d) a
representation whether the Member or the beneficial owner intends or is part of a Group which
intends:

(i) to
deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the
Ordinary Shares (or other Shares) required to approve or adopt the proposal; and/or

(ii) otherwise
to solicit proxies from Members in support of such proposal;

(e) an
undertaking by the Member and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the proposal is made to:

(i) notify
the Company in writing of the information set forth in Articles 21.4(b)(ii), (b)(iii) and
(c) above as at the record date for the annual general meeting promptly (and, in any event,
within five (5) business days) following the later of the record date or the date notice
of the record date is first disclosed by public announcement; and

(ii) update
such information thereafter within two (2) business days of any change in such information
and, in any event, as at close of business on the day preceding the meeting date; and

(f) any
other information relating to such Member, any such beneficial owner and their respective
Affiliates that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required
to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, such proposal
pursuant to section 14 of the Exchange Act, to the same extent as if the Shares were registered
under the Exchange Act.

21.5 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, the notice requirements set forth herein with respect to the proposal
of any business pursuant to this Article, other than nominations of Directors, which must
be made in compliance with, and shall be exclusively governed by Article 28, shall be deemed
satisfied by a Member if such Member has submitted a proposal to the Company in compliance
with Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act and such Members proposal has been included in
a proxy statement that has been prepared by the Company to solicit proxies for the annual
general meeting; provided, that such Member shall have provided the information required
by Article 21.4; provided, further, that the information required by Article 21.4(b) may
be satisfied by providing the information to the Company required pursuant to Rule 14a-8(b)
of the Exchange Act.

21.6 Notwithstanding
anything in the Articles to the contrary:

(a) no
other business brought by a Member (other than nominations of Directors, which must be made
in compliance with, and shall be exclusively governed by Article 28) shall be conducted at
any annual general meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Article;
and

20 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

(b) unless
otherwise required by Applicable Law and the rules of any applicable stock exchange or quotation
system on which Shares may be then listed or quoted, if a Member intending to bring business
before an annual general meeting in accordance with this Article does not: (x) timely provide
the notifications contemplated by Article 21.4(e) above; or (y) timely appear in person or
by proxy at the annual general meeting to present the proposed business, such business shall
not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such business may have been
received by the Company or any other person or entity.

21.7 Except
as otherwise provided by Applicable Law or the Articles, the chairman or co-chairman of any
annual general meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether any business proposed
to be brought before an annual general meeting was proposed in accordance with the foregoing
procedures (including whether the Member solicited or did not so solicit, as the case may
be, proxies in support of such Members proposal in compliance with such Members
representation as required by Article 21.4(d)) and if any business is not proposed in compliance
with this Article, to declare that such defective proposal shall be disregarded. The requirements
of this Article shall apply to any business to be brought before an annual general meeting
by a Member other nominations of Directors (which must be made in compliance with, and shall
be exclusively governed by Article 28) and other than matters properly brought under Rule
14a-8 of the Exchange Act. For purposes of the Articles, public announcement
shall mean:

(a) prior
to the IPO, notice of the annual general meeting given to Members by or at the direction
of the Directors in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Articles; and

(b) on
and after the IPO, disclosure in a press release of the Company reported by the Dow Jones
News Service, Associated Press or comparable news service or in a document publicly filed
or furnished by the Company with or to the United States Securities Exchange Commission pursuant
to section 13, 14 or 15(b) of the Exchange Act.

21.8 Nothing
in this Article shall be deemed to affect any rights of:

(a) Members
to request inclusion of proposals in the Companys proxy statement pursuant to applicable
rules and regulations under the Exchange Act; or

(b) the
holders of any class of Preference Shares, or any other class of Shares authorised to be
issued by the Company, to make proposals pursuant to any applicable provisions thereof.

21.9 Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Article, a Member shall also comply with all applicable
requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to
the matters set forth in this Article, if applicable.

21 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

22 Proceedings
at General Meetings

22.1 No
business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present. The holders
of a majority of the Shares being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation
or other non-natural person by its duly authorised representative or proxy shall be a quorum.

22.2 A
person may participate at a general meeting by conference telephone or other communications
equipment by means of which all the persons participating in the meeting can communicate
with each other. Participation by a person in a general meeting in this manner is treated
as presence in person at that meeting.

22.3 A
resolution (including a Special Resolution) in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed
by or on behalf of all of the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and
to attend and vote at general meetings (or, being corporations or other non-natural persons,
signed by their duly authorised representatives) shall be as valid and effective as if the
resolution had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held.

22.4 If
a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence
or if during such a meeting a quorum ceases to be present, the meeting, if convened upon
a Members requisition, shall be dissolved and in any other case it shall stand adjourned
to the same day in the next week at the same time and/or place or to such other day, time
and/or place as the Directors may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is
not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the
Members present shall be a quorum.

22.5 The
Directors may, at any time prior to the time appointed for the meeting to commence, appoint
any person to act as chairman of a general meeting of the Company or, if the Directors do
not make any such appointment, the chairman, if any, of the board of Directors shall preside
as chairman at such general meeting. If there is no such chairman, or if he shall not be
present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, or is
unwilling to act, the Directors present shall elect one of their number to be chairman of
the meeting.

22.6 If
no Director is willing to act as chairman or if no Director is present within fifteen minutes
after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Members present shall choose one
of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

22.7 The
chairman may, with the consent of a meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so
directed by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but
no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business left unfinished
at the meeting from which the adjournment took place.

22.8 When
a general meeting is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall
be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give
any such notice of an adjourned meeting.

22 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

22.9 If,
prior to a Business Combination, a notice is issued in respect of a general meeting and the
Directors, in their absolute discretion, consider that it is impractical or undesirable for
any reason to hold that general meeting at the place, the day and the hour specified in the
notice calling such general meeting, the Directors may postpone the general meeting to another
place, day and/or hour provided that notice of the place, the day and the hour of the rearranged
general meeting is promptly given to all Members. No business shall be transacted at any
postponed meeting other than the business specified in the notice of the original meeting.

22.10 When
a general meeting is postponed for thirty days or more, notice of the postponed meeting shall
be given as in the case of an original meeting. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give
any such notice of a postponed meeting. All proxy forms submitted for the original general
meeting shall remain valid for the postponed meeting. The Directors may postpone a general
meeting which has already been postponed.

22.11 A
resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a poll.

22.12 A
poll shall be taken as the chairman directs, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to
be the resolution of the general meeting at which the poll was demanded.

22.13 A
poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken
forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such date, time and place
as the chairman of the general meeting directs, and any business other than that upon which
a poll has been demanded or is contingent thereon may proceed pending the taking of the poll.

22.14 In
the case of an equality of votes the chairman shall be entitled to a second or casting vote.

23 Votes
of Members

23.1 Subject
to any rights or restrictions attached to any Shares, including as set out in Article 28
every Member present in any such manner shall have one vote for every Share of which he is
the holder.

23.2 In
the case of joint holders the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, whether in person
or by proxy (or, in the case of a corporation or other non-natural person, by its duly authorised
representative or proxy), shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint
holders, and seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names of the holders
stand in the Register of Members.

23.3 A
Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court, having
jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote by his committee, receiver, curator bonis, or other person
on such Members behalf appointed by that court, and any such committee, receiver,
curator bonis or other person may vote by proxy.

23.4 No
person shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless he is registered as a Member
on the record date for such meeting nor unless all calls or other monies then payable by
him in respect of Shares have been paid.

23 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

23.5 No
objection shall be raised as to the qualification of any voter except at the general meeting
or adjourned general meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered and every
vote not disallowed at the meeting shall be valid. Any objection made in due time in accordance
with this Article shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be final and conclusive.

23.6 Votes
may be cast either personally or by proxy (or in the case of a corporation or other non-natural
person by its duly authorised representative or proxy). A Member may appoint more than one
proxy or the same proxy under one or more instruments to attend and vote at a meeting. Where
a Member appoints more than one proxy the instrument of proxy shall specify the number of
Shares in respect of which each proxy is entitled to exercise the related votes.

23.7 A
Member holding more than one Share need not cast the votes in respect of his Shares in the
same way on any resolution and therefore may vote a Share or some or all such Shares either
for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or all of the Shares
and, subject to the terms of the instrument appointing him, a proxy appointed under one or
more instruments may vote a Share or some or all of the Shares in respect of which he is
appointed either for or against a resolution and/or abstain from voting a Share or some or
all of the Shares in respect of which he is appointed.

24 Proxies

24.1 The
instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing and shall be executed under the hand of
the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing, or, if the appointor is a corporation
or other non natural person, under the hand of its duly authorised representative. A proxy
need not be a Member.

24.2 The
Directors may, in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting, or in an instrument
of proxy sent out by the Company, specify the manner by which the instrument appointing a
proxy shall be deposited and the place and the time (being not later than the time appointed
for the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting to which the proxy relates) at which
the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited. In the absence of any such direction
from the Directors in the notice convening any meeting or adjourned meeting or in an instrument
of proxy sent out by the Company, the instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited physically
at the Registered Office not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the meeting
or adjourned meeting to commence at which the person named in the instrument proposes to
vote.

24.3 The
chairman may in any event at his discretion declare that an instrument of proxy shall be
deemed to have been duly deposited. An instrument of proxy that is not deposited in the manner
permitted, or which has not been declared to have been duly deposited by the chairman, shall
be invalid.

24.4 The
instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form (or such other form as the
Directors may approve) and may be expressed to be for a particular meeting or any adjournment
thereof or generally until revoked. An instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to include
the power to demand or join or concur in demanding a poll.

24 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

24.5 Votes
given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding
the previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority
under which the proxy was executed, or the transfer of the Share in respect of which the
proxy is given unless notice in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer was
received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting,
or adjourned meeting at which it is sought to use the proxy.

25 Corporate
Members

25.1 Any
corporation or other non-natural person which is a Member may in accordance with its constitutional
documents, or in the absence of such provision by resolution of its directors or other governing
body, authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting
of the Company or of any class of Members, and the person so authorised shall be entitled
to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as the corporation
could exercise if it were an individual Member.

25.2 If
a Clearing House (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise
such persons as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or
at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the authorisation shall specify the
number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised.
Each person so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been
duly authorised without further evidence of the facts and be entitled to exercise the same
rights and powers on behalf of the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was
the registered holder of such Shares held by the Clearing House (or its nominee(s)).

26 Shares
that May Not be Voted

Shares
in the Company that are beneficially owned by the Company shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting and shall not be
counted in determining the total number of outstanding Shares at any given time.

27 Directors

There
shall be a board of Directors consisting of not less than one person provided however that, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution increase
or reduce the limits in the number of Directors.

28 NOMINATION
OF DIRECTORS

28.1 Subject
to Article 30.1, nominations of persons for election as Directors may be made at an annual
general meeting only by:

(a) the
Directors; or

(b) by
any Member who:

25 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

(i) is
a Minimum Member at the time of giving of the notice provided for in this Article and at
the time of the annual general meeting;

(ii) is
entitled to vote for the appointments at such annual general meeting; and

(iii) complies
with the notice procedures set forth in this Article (notwithstanding anything to the contrary
set forth in the Articles, this Article 28.1(b) shall be the exclusive means for a Member
to make nominations of persons for election of Directors at an annual general meeting).

28.2 Any
Member entitled to vote for the elections may nominate a person or persons for election as
Directors only if written notice of such Members intent to make such nomination is
given in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Article, either by personal delivery
or express or registered mail (postage prepaid), to the Company not earlier than the close
of business on the 120th day and not later than the close of business on the 90th day prior
to the one-year anniversary of the date of the annual general meeting for the immediately
preceding year. However, in the event that the date of the annual general meeting is more
than 30 days before or after such anniversary date, in order to be timely, a Members
notice must be received by the Company not later than the later of: (x) the close of business
90 days prior to the date of such annual general meeting; and (y) if the first public announcement
of the date of such advanced or delayed annual general meeting is less than 100 days prior
to such date, 10 days following the date of the first public announcement of the annual general
meeting date. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement
of an annual general meeting, or such adjournment or postponement, commence a new time period
or otherwise extend any time period for the giving of a Members notice as described
herein. Members may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to the
Directors only as provided in this Article and only for such class(es) as are specified in
the notice of annual general meeting as being up for election at such annual general meeting.

28.3 Each
such notice of a Members intent to make a nomination of a Director shall set forth:

(a) as
to the Member giving notice and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made:

(i) the
name and address of such Member (as it appears in the Register of Members) and any such beneficial
owner on whose behalf the nomination is made;

(ii) the
class and number of Shares which are, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially and of record
by such Member and any such beneficial owner, respectively, or their respective Affiliates
(naming such Affiliates), as at the date of such notice;

26 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

(iii) a
description of any Covered Arrangement to which such Member or beneficial owner, or their
respective Affiliates, directly or indirectly, is a party as at the date of such notice;

(iv) any
other information relating to such Member and any such beneficial owner that would be required
to be disclosed in a proxy statement in connection with a solicitation of proxies for the
election of Directors in a contested election pursuant to section 14 of the Exchange Act;
and

(v) a
representation that the Member is a holder of record of Shares entitled to vote at such annual
general meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the
person or persons specified in such Members notice;

(b) a
description of all arrangements or understandings between the Member or any beneficial owner,
or their respective Affiliates, and each nominee or any other person or persons (naming such
person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by the
Member;

(c) a
representation whether the Member or the beneficial owner is or intends to be part of a Group
which intends:

(i) to
deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the
Ordinary Shares (or other Shares) required to elect the Director or Directors nominated;
and/or

(ii) otherwise
to solicit proxies from Members in support of such nomination or nominations;

(d) as
to each person whom the Member proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a Director:

(i) all
information relating to such person as would have been required to be included in a proxy
statement filed in connection with a solicitation of proxies for the election of Directors
in a contested election pursuant to section 14 of the Exchange Act;

(ii) a
description of any Covered Arrangement to which such nominee or any of his Affiliates is
a party as at the date of such notice

(iii) the
written consent of each nominee to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to
serving as a Director if so elected; and

(iv) whether,
if elected, the nominee intends to tender any advance resignation notice(s) requested by
the Directors in connection with subsequent elections, such advance resignation to be contingent
upon the nominees failure to receive a majority vote and acceptance of such resignation
by the Directors; and

27 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

(e) an
undertaking by the Member of record and each beneficial owner, if any, to (i) notify the
Company in writing of the information set forth in Articles 28.3(a)(ii), (a)(iii), (b) and
(d) above as at the record date for the annual general meeting promptly (and, in any event,
within five (5) business days) following the later of the record date or the date notice
of the record date is first disclosed by public announcement and (ii) update such information
thereafter within two (2) business days of any change in such information and, in any event,
as at close of business on the day preceding the meeting date.

28.4 No
person shall be eligible for election as a Director unless nominated in accordance with the
procedures set forth in the Articles. Except as otherwise provided by Applicable Law or the
Articles, the chairman or co-chairman of any annual general meeting to elect Directors or
the Directors may, if the facts warrant, determine that a nomination was not made in compliance
with the foregoing procedure or if the Member solicits proxies in support of such Members
nominee(s) without such Member having made the representation required by Article 28.3(c);
and if the chairman, co-chairman or the Directors should so determine, it shall be so declared
to the annual general meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded. Notwithstanding
anything in the Articles to the contrary, unless otherwise required by Applicable Law or
the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange or quotation system on which Shares may be then
listed or quoted, if a Member intending to make a nomination at an annual general meeting
in accordance with this Article does not:

(a) timely
provide the notifications contemplated by of Article 28.3(e); or

(b) timely
appear in person or by proxy at the annual general meeting to present the nomination, such
nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nomination
may have been received by the Company or any other person or entity.

28.5 Notwithstanding
the foregoing provisions of this Article, any Member intending to make a nomination at an
annual general meeting in accordance with this Article, and each related beneficial owner,
if any, shall also comply with all requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
thereunder applicable to the same extent as if the Shares were registered under the Exchange
Act with respect to the matters set forth in the Articles; provided, however, that any references
in the Articles to the Exchange Act are not intended to and shall not limit the requirements
applicable to nominations made or intended to be made in accordance with Article 28.1(b).

28.6 Nothing
in this Article shall be deemed to affect any rights of the holders of any class of Preferred
Shares, or any other class of Shares authorised to be issued by the Company, to appoint Directors
pursuant to the terms thereof.

28 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

28.7 To
be eligible to be a nominee for election or re-election as a Director pursuant to Article
28.1(b), a person must deliver (not later than the deadline prescribed for delivery of notice)
to the Company a written questionnaire prepared by the Company with respect to the background
and qualification of such person and the background of any other person or entity on whose
behalf the nomination is being made (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Company
upon written request) and a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by
the Company upon written request) that such person:

(a) is
not and will not become a party to:

(i) any
agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance
to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a Director, will act or vote
on any issue or question (a Voting Commitment) that has not been disclosed
to the Company; or

(ii) any
Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such persons ability to comply,
if elected as a Director, with such persons duties under Applicable Law;

(b) is
not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person
or entity other than the Company with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement
or indemnification in connection with service or action as a Director that has not been disclosed
therein;

(c) in
such persons individual capacity and on behalf of any person or entity on whose behalf
the nomination is being made, would be in compliance, if elected as a Director, and will
comply with, Applicable Law and corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality
and share ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Company that are applicable
to Directors generally; and

(d) if
elected as a Director, will act in the best interests of the Company and not in the interest
of any individual constituency. The Nominating Committee, if established, shall review all
such information submitted by the Member with respect to the proposed nominee and determine
whether such nominee is eligible to act as a Director. The Company and the Nominating Committee,
if established, may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may
reasonably be required by the Company to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee
to serve as an independent Director or that could be material to a reasonable Members
understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee.

28.8 At
the request of the Directors, any person nominated for election as a Director shall furnish
to the Company the information that is required to be set forth in a Members notice
of nomination pursuant to this Article.

29 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

29 Powers
of Directors

29.1 Subject
to the provisions of the Statute, the Memorandum and the Articles and to any directions given
by Special Resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors who
may exercise all the powers of the Company. No alteration of the Memorandum or Articles and
no such direction shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid
if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been given. A duly convened
meeting of Directors at which a quorum is present may exercise all powers exercisable by
the Directors.

29.2 All
cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable or transferable
instruments and all receipts for monies paid to the Company shall be signed, drawn, accepted,
endorsed or otherwise executed as the case may be in such manner as the Directors shall determine
by resolution.

29.3 The
Directors on behalf of the Company may pay a gratuity or pension or allowance on retirement
to any Director who has held any other salaried office or place of profit with the Company
or to his widow or dependants and may make contributions to any fund and pay premiums for
the purchase or provision of any such gratuity, pension or allowance.

29.4 The
Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge
its undertaking, property and assets (present and future) and uncalled capital or any part
thereof and to issue debentures, debenture stock, mortgages, bonds and other such securities
whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of
any third party.

30 Appointment
and Removal of Directors

30.1 The
Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a Director or may by Ordinary
Resolution remove any Director.

30.2 The
Directors may appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill a vacancy or as an additional
Director provided that the appointment does not cause the number of Directors to exceed any
number fixed by or in accordance with the Articles as the maximum number of Directors. A
Director elected to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of a
Director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the Director whose death, resignation
or removal shall have created such vacancy and until his successor shall have been elected
and qualified. The Directors shall have power at any time to remove any Director.

30.3 Each
Director holds office for the term fixed by the Ordinary Resolution or fixed by the resolution
of the Directors appointing such Director, as applicable, but such term shall not exceed
two years.

30 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

31 Vacation
of Office of Director

31.1 The
office of a Director shall be vacated if:

(a) the
Director gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns the office of Director;

(b) the
Director absents himself (for the avoidance of doubt, without being represented by proxy)
from three consecutive meetings of the board of Directors without special leave of absence
from the Directors, and the Directors pass a resolution that he has by reason of such absence
vacated office; or

(c) the
Director dies, becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors
generally; or

(d) the
Director is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; or

(e) all
of the other Directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed
as a Director for Cause (and not otherwise), either by a resolution passed by all of the
other Directors at a meeting of the Directors duly convened and held in accordance with the
Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other Directors.

32 Proceedings
of Directors

32.1 The
quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors,
and unless so fixed shall be two if there are two or more Directors, and shall be one if
there is only one Director.

32.2 Subject
to the provisions of the Articles, the Directors may regulate their proceedings as they think
fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In the case
of an equality of votes, the chairman shall have a second or casting vote.

32.3 A
person may participate in a meeting of the Directors or any committee of Directors by conference
telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all the persons participating
in the meeting can communicate with each other at the same time. Participation by a person
in a meeting in this manner is treated as presence in person at that meeting. Unless otherwise
determined by the Directors, the meeting shall be deemed to be held at the place where the
chairman is located at the start of the meeting.

32.4 A
resolution in writing (in one or more counterparts) signed by all the Directors or all the
members of a committee of the Directors or, in the case of a resolution in writing relating
to the removal of any Director or the vacation of office by any Director, all of the Directors
other than the Director who is the subject of such resolution shall be as valid and effectual
as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors, or committee of Directors as the
case may be, duly convened and held.

31 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

32.5 A
Director may, or other Officer on the direction of a Director shall, call a meeting of the
Directors by at least two days notice in writing to every Director which notice shall
set forth the general nature of the business to be considered unless notice is waived by
all the Directors either at, before or after the meeting is held. To any such notice of a meeting of the Directors all the provisions of the Articles relating
to the giving of notices by the Company to the Members shall apply mutatis mutandis.

32.6 The
continuing Directors (or a sole continuing Director, as the case may be) may act notwithstanding
any vacancy in their body, but if and so long as their number is reduced below the number
fixed by or pursuant to the Articles as the necessary quorum of Directors the continuing
Directors or Director may act for the purpose of increasing the number of Directors to be
equal to such fixed number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no
other purpose.

32.7 The
Directors may elect a chairman of their board and determine the period for which he is to
hold office; but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not
present within five minutes after the time appointed for the meeting to commence, the Directors
present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

32.8 All
acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors shall, notwithstanding
that it is afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director,
and/or that they or any of them were disqualified, and/or had vacated their office and/or
were not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed and/or
not disqualified to be a Director and/or had not vacated their office and/or had been entitled
to vote, as the case may be.

32.9 A
Director may be represented at any meetings of the board of Directors by a proxy appointed
in writing by him. The proxy shall count towards the quorum and the vote of the proxy shall
for all purposes be deemed to be that of the appointing Director.

33 Presumption
of Assent

A
Director who is present at a meeting of the board of Directors at which action on any Company matter is taken shall be presumed to have
assented to the action taken unless his dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written dissent
from such action with the person acting as the chairman or secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such
dissent by registered post to such person immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to
a Director who voted in favour of such action.

34 Directors
Interests

34.1 A
Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other than the office
of Auditor) in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms
as to remuneration and otherwise as the Directors may determine.

32 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

34.2 A
Director may act by himself or by, through or on behalf of his firm in a professional capacity
for the Company and he or his firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services
as if he were not a Director.

34.3 A
Director may be or become a director or other officer of or otherwise interested in any company
promoted by the Company or in which the Company may be interested as a shareholder, a contracting
party or otherwise, and no such Director shall be accountable to the Company for any remuneration
or other benefits received by him as a director or officer of, or from his interest in, such
other company.

34.4 No
person shall be disqualified from the office of Director or prevented by such office from
contracting with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such
contract or any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which
any Director shall be in any way interested be or be liable to be avoided, nor shall any
Director so contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any
profit realised by or arising in connection with any such contract or transaction by reason
of such Director holding office or of the fiduciary relationship thereby established. A Director
shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he is interested
provided that the nature of the interest of any Director in any such contract or transaction
shall be disclosed by him at or prior to its consideration and any vote thereon.

34.5 A
general notice that a Director is a shareholder, director, officer or employee of any specified
firm or company and is to be regarded as interested in any transaction with such firm or
company shall be sufficient disclosure for the purposes of voting on a resolution in respect
of a contract or transaction in which he has an interest, and after such general notice it
shall not be necessary to give special notice relating to any particular transaction.

35 Minutes

The
Directors shall cause minutes to be made in books kept for the purpose of recording all appointments of Officers made by the Directors,
all proceedings at meetings of the Company or the holders of any class of Shares and of the Directors, and of committees of the Directors,
including the names of the Directors present at each meeting.

36 Delegation
of Directors Powers

36.1 The
Directors may delegate any of their powers, authorities and discretions, including the power
to sub-delegate, to any committee consisting of one or more Directors (including, without
limitation and as applicable, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating
Committee). Any such delegation may be made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose
and either collaterally with or to the exclusion of their own powers and any such delegation
may be revoked or altered by the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings
of a committee of Directors shall be governed by the Articles regulating the proceedings
of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying.

33 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

36.2 The
Directors may establish any committees, local boards or agencies or appoint any person to
be a manager or agent for managing the affairs of the Company and may appoint any person
to be a member of such committees, local boards or agencies. Any such appointment may be
made subject to any conditions the Directors may impose, and either collaterally with or
to the exclusion of their own powers and any such appointment may be revoked or altered by
the Directors. Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of any such committee, local board or agency shall be governed by the Articles
regulating the proceedings of Directors, so far as they are capable of applying.

36.3 The
Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any person to be the agent of the
Company on such conditions as the Directors may determine, provided that the delegation is
not to the exclusion of their own powers and may be revoked by the Directors at any time.

36.4 The
Directors may by power of attorney or otherwise appoint any company, firm, person or body
of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney
or authorised signatory of the Company for such purpose and with such powers, authorities
and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under the
Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any
such powers of attorney or other appointment may contain such provisions for the protection
and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorneys or authorised signatories as the
Directors may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney or authorised signatory
to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in him.

36.5 The
Directors may appoint such Officers (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a chairman chief
executive officer, a president, a chief financial officer, a treasurer, vice-presidents,
secretaries and assistant secretaries) as they consider necessary on such terms, at such
remuneration and to perform such duties, and subject to such provisions as to disqualification
and removal as the Directors may think fit. Unless otherwise specified in the terms of his
appointment an Officer may be removed by resolution of the Directors or Members. An Officer
may vacate his office at any time if he gives notice in writing to the Company that he resigns
his office.

37 No
Minimum Shareholding

The
Company in general meeting may fix a minimum shareholding required to be held by a Director, but unless and until such a shareholding
qualification is fixed a Director is not required to hold Shares.

38 Remuneration
of Directors

38.1 The
remuneration to be paid to the Directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the Directors
shall determine, provided that no remuneration shall be paid to any Director by the Company
prior to the consummation of a Business Combination. The Directors shall also, whether prior
to or after the consummation of a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all travelling,
hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with their attendance at
meetings of Directors or committees of Directors, or general meetings of the Company, or
separate meetings of the holders of any class of Shares or debentures of the Company, or
otherwise in connection with the business of the Company or the discharge of their duties
as a Director, or to receive a fixed allowance in respect thereof as may be determined by
the Directors, or a combination partly of one such method and partly the other.

34 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

38.2 The
Directors may by resolution approve additional remuneration to any Director for any services
which in the opinion of the Directors go beyond his ordinary routine work as a Director.
Any fees paid to a Director who is also counsel, attorney or solicitor to the Company, or
otherwise serves it in a professional capacity shall be in addition to his remuneration as
a Director.

39 Seal

39.1 The
Company may, if the Directors so determine, have a Seal. The Seal shall only be used by the
authority of the Directors or of a committee of the Directors authorised by the Directors.
Every instrument to which the Seal has been affixed shall be signed by at least one person
who shall be either a Director or some Officer or other person appointed by the Directors
for the purpose.

39.2 The
Company may have for use in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands a duplicate Seal
or Seals each of which shall be a facsimile of the common Seal of the Company and, if the
Directors so determine, with the addition on its face of the name of every place where it
is to be used.

39.3 A
Director or Officer, representative or attorney of the Company may without further authority
of the Directors affix the Seal over his signature alone to any document of the Company required
to be authenticated by him under seal or to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the
Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever.

40 Dividends,
Distributions and Reserve

40.1 Subject
to the Statute and this Article and except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to
any Shares, the Directors may resolve to pay Dividends and other distributions on Shares
in issue and authorise payment of the Dividends or other distributions out of the funds of
the Company lawfully available therefor. A Dividend shall be deemed to be an interim Dividend
unless the terms of the resolution pursuant to which the Directors resolve to pay such Dividend
specifically state that such Dividend shall be a final Dividend. No Dividend or other distribution
shall be paid except out of the realised or unrealised profits of the Company, out of the
share premium account or as otherwise permitted by law.

40.2 Except
as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, all Dividends and other distributions
shall be paid according to the par value of the Shares that a Member holds. If any Share
is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for Dividend as from a particular date that
Share shall rank for Dividend accordingly.

40.3 The
Directors may deduct from any Dividend or other distribution payable to any Member all sums
of money (if any) then payable by him to the Company on account of calls or otherwise.

35 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

40.4 The
Directors may resolve that any Dividend or other distribution be paid wholly or partly by the distribution of specific assets and in
particular (but without limitation) by the distribution of shares, debentures, or securities of any other company or in any one or more
of such ways and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution, the Directors may settle the same as they think expedient
and in particular may issue fractional Shares and may fix the value for distribution of such specific assets or any part thereof and
may determine that cash payments shall be made to any Members upon the basis of the value so fixed in order to adjust the rights of all
Members and may vest any such specific assets in trustees in such manner as may seem expedient to the Directors.

40.5 Except
as otherwise provided by the rights attached to any Shares, Dividends and other distributions
may be paid in any currency. The Directors may determine the basis of conversion for any
currency conversions that may be required and how any costs involved are to be met.

40.6 The
Directors may, before resolving to pay any Dividend or other distribution, set aside such
sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the
Directors, be applicable for any purpose of the Company and pending such application may,
at the discretion of the Directors, be employed in the business of the Company.

40.7 Any
Dividend, other distribution, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of Shares
may be paid by wire transfer to the holder or by cheque or warrant sent through the post
directed to the registered address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the
registered address of the holder who is first named on the Register of Members or to such
person and to such address as such holder or joint holders may in writing direct. Every such
cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent. Any
one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any Dividends, other distributions,
bonuses, or other monies payable in respect of the Share held by them as joint holders.

40.8 No
Dividend or other distribution shall bear interest against the Company.

40.9 Any
Dividend or other distribution which cannot be paid to a Member and/or which remains unclaimed
after six months from the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable
may, in the discretion of the Directors, be paid into a separate account in the Companys
name, provided that the Company shall not be constituted as a trustee in respect of that
account and the Dividend or other distribution shall remain as a debt due to the Member.
Any Dividend or other distribution which remains unclaimed after a period of six years from
the date on which such Dividend or other distribution becomes payable shall be forfeited
and shall revert to the Company.

36 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

41 Capitalisation

The
Directors may at any time capitalise any sum standing to the credit of any of the Companys reserve accounts or funds
(including the share premium account and capital redemption reserve fund) or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss
account or otherwise available for distribution; appropriate such sum to Members in the proportions in which such sum would have
been divisible amongst such Members had the same been a distribution of profits by way of Dividend or other distribution; and apply
such sum on their behalf in paying up in full unissued Shares for allotment and distribution credited as fully paid-up to and
amongst them in the proportion aforesaid. In such event the Directors shall do all acts and things required to give effect to such
capitalisation, with full power given to the Directors to make such provisions as they think fit in the case of Shares becoming
distributable in fractions (including provisions whereby the benefit of fractional entitlements accrue to the Company rather than to
the Members concerned). The Directors may authorise any person to enter on behalf of all of the Members interested into an agreement
with the Company providing for such capitalisation and matters incidental or relating thereto and any agreement made under such
authority shall be effective and binding on all such Members and the Company.

42 Books
of Account

42.1 The
Directors shall cause proper books of account (including, where applicable, material underlying
documentation including contracts and invoices) to be kept with respect to all sums of money
received and expended by the Company and the matters in respect of which the receipt or expenditure
takes place, all sales and purchases of goods by the Company and the assets and liabilities
of the Company. Such books of account must be retained for a minimum period of five years
from the date on which they are prepared. Proper books shall not be deemed to be kept if
there are not kept such books of account as are necessary to give a true and fair view of
the state of the Companys affairs and to explain its transactions.

42.2 The
Directors shall determine whether and to what extent and at what times and places and under
what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall
be open to the inspection of Members not being Directors and no Member (not being a Director)
shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company except
as conferred by Statute or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in general meeting.

42.3 The
Directors may cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in general meeting profit
and loss accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and such other reports and accounts
as may be required by law.

43 Audit

43.1 The
Directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the
Directors determine.

37 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

43.2 Without
prejudice to the freedom of the Directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares
(or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange,
and if required by the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under
Applicable Law, the Directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee
of the Directors and shall adopt a formal written Audit Committee charter and review and
assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition and
responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the
Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or otherwise under Applicable Law. The Audit Committee shall meet at least once every financial quarter,
or more frequently as circumstances dictate.

43.3 If
the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock
Exchange, the Company shall conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions
on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review and approval of
potential conflicts of interest.

43.4 The
remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists).

43.5 If
the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming
incapable of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services
are required, the Directors shall fill the vacancy and determine the remuneration of such
Auditor.

43.6 Every
Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts
and vouchers of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the Directors and Officers
such information and explanation as may be necessary for the performance of the duties of
the Auditor.

43.7 Auditors
shall, if so required by the Directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during
their tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in
the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary
company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment in the
case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company,
and at any other time during their term of office, upon request of the Directors or any general
meeting of the Members.

44 Notices

44.1 Notices
shall be in writing and may be given by the Company to any Member either personally or by
sending it by courier, post, cable, telex, fax or e-mail to him or to his address as shown
in the Register of Members (or where the notice is given by e-mail by sending it to the e-mail
address provided by such Member). Notice may also be served by Electronic Communication in
accordance with the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange, the Securities
and Exchange Commission and/or any other competent regulatory authority or by placing it
on the Companys Website.

38 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

44.2 Where
a notice is sent by:

(a) courier;
service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by delivery of the notice to a courier
company, and shall be deemed to have been received on the third day (not including Saturdays
or Sundays or public holidays) following the day on which the notice was delivered to the
courier;

(b) post;
service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre paying and
posting a letter containing the notice, and shall be deemed to have been received on the
fifth day (not including Saturdays or Sundays or public holidays in the Cayman Islands) following
the day on which the notice was posted;

(c) cable,
telex or fax; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly addressing
and sending such notice and shall be deemed to have been received on the same day that it
was transmitted;

(d) e-mail
or other Electronic Communication; service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by
transmitting the e-mail to the e-mail address provided by the intended recipient and shall
be deemed to have been received on the same day that it was sent, and it shall not be necessary
for the receipt of the e-mail to be acknowledged by the recipient; and

(e) placing
it on the Companys Website; service of the notice shall be deemed to have been effected
one hour after the notice or document was placed on the Companys Website.

44.3 A
notice may be given by the Company to the person or persons which the Company has been advised
are entitled to a Share or Shares in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member in
the same manner as other notices which are required to be given under the Articles and shall
be addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee
of the bankrupt, or by any like description at the address supplied for that purpose by the
persons claiming to be so entitled, or at the option of the Company by giving the notice
in any manner in which the same might have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not
occurred.

44.4 Notice
of every general meeting shall be given in any manner authorised by the Articles to every
holder of Shares carrying an entitlement to receive such notice on the record date for such
meeting except that in the case of joint holders the notice shall be sufficient if given
to the joint holder first named in the Register of Members and every person upon whom the
ownership of a Share devolves by reason of his being a legal personal representative or a
trustee in bankruptcy of a Member where the Member but for his death or bankruptcy would
be entitled to receive notice of the meeting, and no other person shall be entitled to receive
notices of general meetings.

39 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

45 Winding
Up

45.1 If
the Company shall be wound up, the liquidator shall apply the assets of the Company in satisfaction
of creditors claims in such manner and order as such liquidator thinks fit. Subject
to the rights attaching to any Shares, in a winding up:

(a) if
the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be insufficient to repay
the whole of the Companys issued share capital, such assets shall be distributed so
that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne by the Members in proportion to the
par value of the Shares held by them; or

(b) if
the assets available for distribution amongst the Members shall be more than sufficient to
repay the whole of the Companys issued share capital at the commencement of the winding
up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst the Members in proportion to the par value of
the Shares held by them at the commencement of the winding up subject to a deduction from
those Shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to the Company
for unpaid calls or otherwise.

45.2 If
the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, subject to the rights attaching to any
Shares and with the approval of a Special Resolution of the Company and any other approval
required by the Statute, divide amongst the Members in kind the whole or any part of the
assets of the Company (whether such assets shall consist of property of the same kind or
not) and may for that purpose value any assets and determine how the division shall be carried
out as between the Members or different classes of Members. The liquidator may, with the
like approval, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for
the benefit of the Members as the liquidator, with the like approval, shall think fit, but
so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any asset upon which there is a liability.

46 Indemnity
and Insurance

46.1 Every
Director and Officer (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include auditors of the
Company), together with every former Director and former Officer (each an Indemnified
Person) shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against any liability,
action, proceeding, claim, demand, costs, damages or expenses, including legal expenses,
whatsoever which they or any of them may incur as a result of any act or failure to act in
carrying out their functions other than such liability (if any) that they may incur by reason
of their own actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default. No Indemnified Person shall
be liable to the Company for any loss or damage incurred by the Company as a result (whether
direct or indirect) of the carrying out of their functions unless that liability arises through
the actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default of such Indemnified Person. No person
shall be found to have committed actual fraud, wilful neglect or wilful default under this
Article unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that
effect.

46.2 Each
Member specifically agrees to waive any claim or right of action such Member might have,
whether individually or by, or in, the right of the Company, against any Director or Officer
in connection with new or competing merger bids or proposals which are proffered to the Board
at any time after the execution of a definitive agreement concerning a Business Combination
PROVIDED THAT such waiver shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty
in relation to the Company which may attach to such Director or Officer.

40 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

46.3 The
Company shall advance to each Indemnified Person reasonable attorneys fees and other
costs and expenses incurred in connection with the defence of any action, suit, proceeding
or investigation involving such Indemnified Person for which indemnity will or could be sought.
In connection with any advance of any expenses hereunder, the Indemnified Person shall execute
an undertaking to repay the advanced amount to the Company if it shall be determined by final
judgment or other final adjudication that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification
pursuant to this Article. If it shall be determined by a final judgment or other final adjudication
that such Indemnified Person was not entitled to indemnification with respect to such judgment,
costs or expenses, then such party shall not be indemnified with respect to such judgment,
costs or expenses and any advancement shall be returned to the Company (without interest)
by the Indemnified Person.

46.4 The
Directors, on behalf of the Company, may purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit
of any Director or other Officer against any liability which, by virtue of any rule of law,
would otherwise attach to such person in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty
or breach of trust of which such person may be guilty in relation to the Company.

47 Financial
Year

Unless
the Directors otherwise prescribe, the financial year of the Company shall end on 31st March in each year and, following the year of
incorporation, shall begin on 1st April in each year.

48 Transfer
by Way of Continuation

If
the Company is exempted as defined in the Statute, it shall, subject to the provisions of the Statute and with the approval of a Special
Resolution, have the power to transfer and be registered by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the laws
of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands.

49 Mergers
and Consolidations

The
Company shall have the power to merge or consolidate with one or more other constituent companies (as defined in the Statute) upon such
terms as the Directors may determine and (to the extent required by the Statute) with the approval of a Special Resolution.

50 Business
Combination

50.1 Notwithstanding
any other provision of the Articles, this Article shall apply during the period commencing
upon the adoption of the Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the consummation
of a Business Combination and the full distribution of the Trust Account pursuant to this
Article. In the event of a conflict between this Article and any other Articles, the provisions
of this Article shall prevail.

41 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

50.2 Prior
to the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall either:

(a) submit
such Business Combination to its Members for approval; or

(b) provide
Members with the opportunity to have their Shares repurchased by means of a tender offer
for a per-Share repurchase price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of such
Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall
be net of income taxes payable, and less up to US$100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares. Such obligation to repurchase
Shares is subject to the completion of the proposed Business Combination to which it relates,
provided that the Company shall not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause the
Companys net tangible assets to be less than US$5,000,001 following such repurchases.

50.3 If
the Company initiates any tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of
the Exchange Act in connection with a Business Combination, it shall file tender offer documents
with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to completing such Business Combination
which contain substantially the same financial and other information about such Business
Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act. If, alternatively, the Company holds a general meeting to approve a Business Combination,
the Company will conduct any redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant
to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file
proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

50.4 At
a general meeting called for the purposes of approving a Business Combination pursuant to
this Article, in the event that such Business Combination is approved by Ordinary Resolution,
the Company shall be authorised to consummate such Business Combination provided that the
Company shall not consummate such Business Combination unless the Company has net tangible
assets of at least US$5,000,001 following the redemptions described below, or any greater
net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to,
such Business Combination.

50.5 Any
Member holding Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, an Officer or a Director may, in connection with any vote on a Business Combination
or at an earlier time in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate a Business Combination if the Directors determine
it is desirable to facilitate the consummation of such Business Combination, elect to have their Public Shares redeemed for cash (the
Business Combination Redemption), provided that no such Member acting together with any Affiliate of his or any
other person with whom such Member is acting in concert or as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, or other group for the purposes
of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Shares may exercise this redemption right with respect to more than 15 per cent of the Public
Shares in the aggregate sold in the IPO without the prior consent of the Directors of the Company. If so demanded, the Company shall
pay any such redeeming Member, regardless of whether such Member has cast votes in connection with the proposal to approve such Business
Combination or whether such Member has cast votes for or against such proposed Business Combination,

42 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

a per-Share redemption price payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated
as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned on the Trust Account and
not previously released to the Company (which interest shall be net of income taxes payable, and less up to US$100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares (such redemption price being referred to herein as
the Redemption Price) but only in the event that the applicable proposed Business Combination is approved and
in connection with its consummation, provided, however, that the Company shall not consummate the Business Combination Redemption if
such redemptions t would cause the Companys net tangible assets to be less than US$5,000,001 following such redemptions (the
Redemption Limitation) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may contained in the
agreement relating to the Business Combination.

50.6 A
Member may not withdraw a Redemption Notice once submitted to the Company unless the Directors
determine (in their sole discretion) to permit the withdrawal of such redemption request
(which they may do in whole or in part).

50.7 The
Company has until 12 months from the consummation of the IPO to consummate a Business Combination,
provided however that if the Directors anticipate that the Company may not be able to consummate
a Business Combination within 12 months from the consummation of the IPO, the Company may,
by resolution of Directors if requested by the Sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate
a Business Combination up to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of
up to 18 months to complete a Business Combination), subject to the Sponsor depositing additional
funds into the Trust Account in accordance with the terms as set out in the trust agreement
governing the Trust Account. In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business
Combination within 12 months from the consummation of the IPO or within up to 18 months from
the consummation of the IPO (subject in the latter case to valid three month extensions having
been made in each case), such failure shall trigger an automatic redemption of the Public
Shares and the Company shall take all such action necessary to: (i) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares or distribute
the Trust Account to the holders of the Public Shares, at a per- Share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
(which interest shall be net of income taxes payable, and less up to US$100,000 of interest
to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued Public Shares, which redemption
will constitute full and complete payment for such Public Shares and completely extinguish
public Members rights as Members (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions or other distributions, if any), subject to any obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements
of Applicable Law, and (ii) as promptly as practicable, cease all operations except for the
purpose of making such redemption and any subsequent winding up of the Companys affairs.
In the event of a redemption under this Article, only the holders of Public Shares shall
be entitled to receive pro rata redeeming distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to their Public Shares.

43 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

50.8 In
the event that any amendment is made to the Articles:

(a) to
modify the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to allow redemption in connection
with a Business Combination or to redeem 100 per cent of the Public Shares if the Company
has not consummated a Business Combination within 12 months from the consummation of the
IPO or within up to 18 months from the consummation of the IPO (subject in the latter case
to valid a three month extension having been made in each case); or

(b) with
respect to any other material provisions relating to Members rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity,

each
holder of Public Shares who is not the Sponsor, an Officer or a Director shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Public
Shares upon the effectiveness of any such amendment at a per-Share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to
pay its income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, subject to any obligations under Cayman Islands law to
provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of Applicable Law. The Companys ability to
provide such redemption in this Article is subject to the Redemption Limitation.

50.9 A
holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account
only in the event of an Business Combination Redemption, a repurchase of Shares by means
of a tender offer pursuant to Article 49.3, an automatic redemption of Public Shares under
Article 49.7, an amendment to the Articles redemption under Article 49.8 or a distribution
of the Trust Account pursuant to this Article. In no other circumstance shall a holder of
Public Shares have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account.

50.10 After
the issue of Public Shares, and prior to the consummation of a Business Combination, the
Directors shall not issue additional Shares or any other securities that would entitle the
holders thereof to:

(a) receive
funds from the Trust Account; or

(b) vote
as a class with Public Shares on a Business Combination.

50.11 A
Director may vote in respect of a Business Combination in which such Director has a conflict
of interest with respect to the evaluation of such Business Combination. Such Director must
disclose such interest or conflict to the other Directors.

50.12 The
Company shall not enter into an initial Business Combination solely with another blank cheque
company or a similar company with nominal operations.

44 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

50.13 The
Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is an Affiliate
of the Sponsor, an Officer or a Director. In the event the Company seeks to complete a Business
Combination with a target business that is an Affiliate of the Sponsor, an Officer or a Director,
the Company, or a committee of Independent Directors, shall obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm which is a member of the United States Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority or a valuation or appraisal firm or independent accounting firm stating that such
a Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view.

50.14 Immediately
after the Companys IPO, that amount of the proceeds received by the Company in or
in connection with the IPO (including proceeds of any exercise of the underwriters
over-allotment option and any proceeds from the simultaneous private placement of like units
comprising like securities to those included in the IPO by the Company) to the extent and
as is described in the Companys registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Registration Statement) at the
time it goes effective shall be deposited in and thereafter held in the Trust Account until
released in the event of a Business Combination or otherwise in accordance with this Business
Combination Article. Neither the Company nor any Officer, Director or employee of the Company
will disburse any of the proceeds held in the Trust Account until the earlier of (i) the
consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) an automatic redemption of Public Shares under
Article 50.7, (iii) an amendment to these Articles pursuant to Article 49.8, or (iv) in payment
of the acquisition price for any shares which the Company elects to purchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire in accordance with this Business Combination Article, in each case in accordance
with the trust agreement governing the Trust Account; provided that interest earned on the
Trust Account (as described in the Registration Statement) may be released from time to time
to the Company to pay the Companys income tax obligations and up to US$100,000 of
such interest may also be released from the Trust Account to pay any dissolution expenses
of the Company if applicable.

51 Certain
Tax Filings

Each
Tax Filing Authorised Person and any such other person, acting alone, as any Director shall designate from time to time, are authorised
to file tax forms SS-4, W-8 BEN, W-8 IMY, W-9, 8832 and 2553 and such other similar tax forms as are customary to file with any US state
or federal governmental authorities or foreign governmental authorities in connection with the formation, activities and/or elections
of the Company and such other tax forms as may be approved from time to time by any Director or Officer. The Company further ratifies
and approves any such filing made by any Tax Filing Authorised Person or such other person prior to the date of the Articles.

45 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

52 Business
Opportunities

52.1 To
the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no individual serving as a Director or an
Officer (Management) shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly
assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar
business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential
transaction or matter which a) may be a corporate opportunity for Management, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other or b) the
presentation of which would breach an existing legal obligation of a director or officer to any other entity. Except to the extent expressly
assumed by contract, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, Management shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such
corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member,
Director and/or Officer solely by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself
or herself, directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity
to the Company.

52.2 To
the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity
that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the
Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims
and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted
in the future and that have been conducted in the past.

52.3 Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Article, such renouncement shall not apply to any business
opportunity that is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a Director
or Officer of the Company and it is an opportunity the Company is able to complete on a reasonable
basis.

54. exclusive
jurisdiction

54.1 Unless
the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the
Cayman Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of
or in connection with the Memorandum, the Articles or otherwise related in any way to each
Members shareholding in the Company, including but not limited to:

(a) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company;

(b) any
action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any current or
former Director, Officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Members;

(c) any
action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Statute, the Memorandum
or the Articles; or

(d) any
action asserting a claim against the Company governed by the Internal Affairs Doctrine
(as such concept is recognised under the laws of the United States of America).

46 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344

54.2. Each
Member irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands
over all such claims or disputes.

54.3. Without
prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the Company may have, each Member acknowledges
that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the
courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum and that accordingly the Company shall be
entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance
or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts
of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum.

54.4. This
Article 54 shall not apply to any action or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty
created by the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America
are, as a matter of the laws of the United States, the sole and exclusive forum for determination
of such a claim.

47 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 406616 

Filed: 31-Mar-2025 10:03 EST

Auth Code: D94075850344
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>uyscuti_ex4-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 4.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit
4.1

Execution
Version

RIGHTS
AGREEMENT

This
Rights Agreement (this Agreement) is made as of March 31, 2025 between UY Scuti Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands
company with its principal executive offices at 340 East 64th Street, Apt 5P, New York, NY 10065 (the Company)
and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York company, with offices at 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004
(the Rights Agent).

WHEREAS,
the Company is engaged in an initial public offering (the Public Offering) of units of the Companys equity
securities (each, a Unit and collectively, the Units) to Maxim Group LLC (the Representative),
as representative of the several underwriters (the Underwriters), each such Unit comprised of one ordinary share
of the Company, par value $.0001 per share (Ordinary Shares), and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one Ordinary
Share (the Public Rights) upon the happening of an Exchange Event (defined below), and in connection therewith,
the Company has determined to issue and deliver up to 5,750,000 Public Rights (including up to 750,000 Public Rights subject to the over-allotment
option) to public investors in the Public Offering;

WHEREAS,
on March 31, 2025, the Company entered into a certain Unit Subscription Agreement with UY Scuti investment Limited (the Sponsor),
pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to purchase an aggregate of 227,500 Units (or 240,848 if the over-allotment option is exercised
in full by the Underwriters) simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit and in connection
therewith, will issue and deliver up to an aggregate of 227,500 rights (or 240,848 if the over-allotment option is exercised in full
by the Underwriters) (Private Placement Rights);

WHEREAS,
in order to finance extend the time available to consummate an intended initial Business Combination (as defined in the Companys
Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association), the Sponsor or an affiliate or designee of the Sponsor must, upon
five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit an aggregate of $500,000, or up to $575,000 if the Underwriters
over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.10 per public share in either case), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline,
for each three-month extension (or up to an aggregate of $1,000,000 (or $1,150,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is
exercised in full), or $0.20 per public share if we extend for the full six months), the form of a loan, where any such loans will be
non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination;

WHEREAS,
in order to finance the Companys transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or
an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Companys officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan to the Company
funds as the Company may require, of which up to $1,500,000 at a price of $10.00 per Unit, and in connection therewith, the Company will
issue and deliver up to an aggregate of 150,000 rights (the Working Capital Rights);

WHEREAS,
the Company may issue additional rights that are governed by this Agreement (Post-IPO Rights and together with the
Private Placement Rights, the Working Capital Rights, and the Public Rights, the Rights) in connection with, or
following the consummation by the Company of, a Business Combination;

WHEREAS,
the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission registration statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-284815 (the Registration
Statement), and the prospectus forming a part thereof (collectively, the Prospectus), for the registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of the Units, each of the securities comprising the Units, and the Ordinary Shares underlying
the Public Rights, and the Ordinary Shares to be issued to the Representative in connection with the Public Offering;

WHEREAS,
the Company desires the Rights Agent to act on behalf of the Company, and the Rights Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the
issuance, registration, transfer and exchange of the Rights;

WHEREAS,
the Company desires to provide for the form and provisions of the Rights, the terms upon which they shall be issued, and the respective
rights, limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the Rights Agent, and the holders of the Rights; and

WHEREAS,
all acts and things have been done and performed which are necessary to make the Rights, when executed on behalf of the Company and countersigned
by or on behalf of the Rights Agent, as provided herein, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the
execution and delivery of this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.
Appointment of Rights Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Rights, and
the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement.

2.
Rights.

2.1.
Form of Right. Each Right shall be issued in registered or book entry form, as requested by the Company or the holder of a Right.
Any Rights issued in registered form shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, the provisions of which are incorporated
herein and shall be signed by, or bear the facsimile signature of, the Chairman of the Board and the Secretary of the Company and shall
bear a facsimile of the Companys seal. In the event the person whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any Right shall
have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person signed the Right before such Right is issued, it may be issued with the same
effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the date of issuance.

2.2.
Effect of Countersignature. Unless and until countersigned by the Rights Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a Right shall be invalid
and of no effect and may not be exchanged for Ordinary Shares.

2.3.
Registration.

2.3.1.
Right Register. The Rights Agent shall maintain books (Right Register) for the registration of original issuance
and the registration of transfer of the Rights. Upon the initial issuance of the Rights, the Rights Agent shall issue and register the
Rights in the names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise in accordance with instructions delivered to
the Rights Agent by the Company.

2.3.2.
Registered Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of transfer of any Right, the Company and the Rights Agent may deem
and treat the person in whose name such Right shall be registered upon the Right Register (Registered Holder) as
the absolute owner of such Right and of each Right represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing on
the Right Certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights Agent), for the purpose of the exchange thereof, and for all
other purposes, and neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

2.4.
Detachability of Rights. The securities comprising the Units, including the Rights, will begin to trade separately on (i) the
first trading day following the 52nd business day after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, or (ii) such earlier
date as the Representative shall determine is acceptable. In no event will separate trading of the securities comprising the Units commence
until the Company (i) files a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC including an audited balance sheet reflecting the Companys
receipt of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering and (ii) issues a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin.

3.
Terms and Exchange of Rights.

3.1.
Rights. Each Right shall entitle the holder thereof to receive one-fifth of one Share upon the happening of the Exchange Event
(described below). Subject to Section 3.3.1 below with respect to the registered holders of Rights, in the event that the Company is
not the surviving entity immediately following the Exchange Event, holders of Rights shall be entitled to automatically receive the kind
and amount of securities or properties of the surviving entity as the holders of each one-fifth of one Ordinary Share is entitled to
receive in the Exchange Event. No additional consideration shall be paid by a holder of Rights in order to receive his, her or its Ordinary
Shares upon an Exchange Event, as the purchase price for such Ordinary Shares has been included in the purchase price for the Units.
In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Rights or issue fractional Ordinary Shares. The provisions of this Section 3.1
may not be modified, amended or deleted without the prior written consent of the Representative.

2

3.2.
Exchange Event. An Exchange Event shall occur upon the Companys consummation of an initial Business Combination.

3.3.
Exchange of Rights.

3.3.1.
Issuance of Certificates. As soon as practicable upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, the Company shall direct holders of
the Rights to return their Rights Certificates to the Rights Agent. Upon receipt of a valid Rights Certificate, the Company shall make
(or cause to be made) entries in its Register of Members of the Company and issue to the Registered Holder of such Right(s) a certificate
or certificates for the number of full Ordinary Shares to which he, she or it is entitled, registered in such name or names as may be
directed by him, her or it. The Company shall not issue fractional shares upon exchange of Rights. At the time of an Exchange Event,
the Company will either instruct the Rights Agent to round down to the nearest whole Ordinary Share or otherwise inform it how fractional
shares will be addressed in accordance with Cayman Islands law.

3.3.2.
Valid Issuance. All Ordinary Shares issued upon an Exchange Event in conformity with this Agreement and the Second Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

3.3.3.
Date of Issuance. Each person in whose name any such certificate for Ordinary Shares is issued shall for all purposes be deemed
to have become the holder of record of such shares on the date that the persons name is entered in the Register of Members of
the Company, which shall be the date of the Exchange Event, irrespective of the date of delivery of such certificate.

3.3.4.
Company Not Surviving Following Exchange Event. If the Exchange Event results in the Company not continuing as a publicly held
reporting entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of Rights to receive the same per share consideration as the
holders of the Ordinary Shares will receive in with the Exchange Event, for the number of shares such holder is entitled to pursuant
to Section 3.3.1 above.

3.4.
Duration of Rights. If an Exchange Event does not occur within the time period set forth in the Companys Second Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, as the same may be amended from time to time, the Rights shall expire and shall
be worthless.

4.
Transfer and Exchange of Rights.

4.1.
Registration of Transfer. The Rights Agent shall register the transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Right upon the Right
Register, upon surrender of such Right for transfer, properly endorsed with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate
instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer, a new Right representing an equal aggregate number of Rights shall be issued and the
old Right shall be cancelled by the Rights Agent. The Rights so cancelled shall be delivered by the Rights Agent to the Company from
time to time upon request.

4.2.
Procedure for Surrender of Rights. Rights may be surrendered to the Rights Agent, together with a written request for exchange
or transfer, and thereupon the Rights Agent shall issue in exchange therefor one or more new Rights as requested by the Registered Holder
of the Rights so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of Rights; provided, however, that in the event that a Right surrendered
for transfer bears a restrictive legend, the Rights Agent shall not cancel such Right and issue new Rights in exchange therefor until
the Rights Agent has received an opinion of counsel for the Company stating that such transfer may be made and indicating whether the
new Rights must also bear a restrictive legend.

4.3.
Fractional Rights. The Rights Agent shall not be required to effect any registration of transfer or exchange which will result
in the issuance of a Right Certificate for a fraction of a Right.

4.4.
Service Charges. No service charge shall be made for any exchange or registration of transfer of Rights.

3

4.5.
Right Execution and Countersignature. The Rights Agent is hereby authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement, the Rights required to be issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4, and the Company, whenever
required by the Rights Agent, will supply the Rights Agent with Rights duly executed on behalf of the Company for such purpose.

5.
Other Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Rights.

5.1.
No Rights as Shareholder. Until exchange of a Right for Ordinary Shares as provided for herein, a Right does not entitle the Registered
Holder thereof to any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to receive dividends, or
other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice as shareholders in respect of the meetings
of shareholders or the election of directors of the Company or any other matter.

5.2.
Lost, Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Rights. If any Right is lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Rights
Agent may on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as they may in their discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated
Right, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Right of like denomination, tenor, and date as the Right so lost, stolen, mutilated,
or destroyed. Any such new Right shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost,
stolen, mutilated, or destroyed Right shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.

5.3.
Reservation of Ordinary Shares. The Company shall at all times reserve and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued
Ordinary Shares that will be sufficient to permit the exchange of all outstanding Rights issued pursuant to this Agreement.

5.4.
Adjustments to Conversion Ratios. The number of Ordinary Shares that the holders of Rights are entitled to receive as a result
of the occurrence of an Exchange Event shall be equitably adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any share split, share dividend,
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or other like change with respect to the Ordinary
Shares occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the Exchange Event.

6.
Concerning the Rights Agent and Other Matters.

6.1.
Payment of Taxes. The Company will from time to time promptly pay all taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or
the Rights Agent in respect of the issuance or delivery of Ordinary Shares upon the exchange of Rights, but the Company shall not be
obligated to pay any transfer taxes in respect of the Rights or such shares.

6.2.
Resignation, Consolidation, or Merger of Rights Agent.

6.2.1.
Appointment of Successor Rights Agent. The Rights Agent, or any successor to it hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and
be discharged from all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days notice in writing to the Company.
If the office of the Rights Agent becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the Company shall appoint in writing
a successor Rights Agent in place of the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 30 days
after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Rights Agent or by the holder of the Right (who shall,
with such notice, submit his, her or its Right for inspection by the Company), then the holder of any Right may apply to the Supreme
Court of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of a successor Rights Agent at the Companys cost.
Any successor Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a corporation organized and existing under the
laws of the State of New York, in good standing and having its principal office in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York,
and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority.
After appointment, any successor Rights Agent shall be vested with all the authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations
of its predecessor Rights Agent with like effect as if originally named as Rights Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but
if for any reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Rights Agent shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the
Company, an instrument transferring to such successor Rights Agent all the authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Rights Agent
hereunder; and upon request of any successor Rights Agent the Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all instruments
in writing for more fully and effectually vesting in and confirming to such successor Rights Agent all such authority, powers, rights,
immunities, duties, and obligations.

4

6.2.2.
Notice of Successor Rights Agent. In the event a successor Rights Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof
to the predecessor Rights Agent and the transfer agent for the Ordinary Shares not later than the effective date of any such appointment.

6.2.3.
Merger or Consolidation of Rights Agent. Any corporation into which the Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated
or any corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Rights
Agent under this Agreement without any further act.

6.3.
Fees and Expenses of Rights Agent.

6.3.1.
Remuneration. The Company agrees to pay the Rights Agent reasonable remuneration for its services as such Rights Agent hereunder
and will reimburse the Rights Agent upon demand for all expenditures that the Rights Agent may reasonably incur in the execution of its
duties hereunder.

6.3.2.
Further Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged,
and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the
carrying out or performing of the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4.
Liability of Rights Agent.

6.4.1.
Reliance on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement, the Rights Agent shall deem it
necessary or desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder,
such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved
and established by a statement signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer and delivered to the Rights Agent. The
Rights Agent may rely upon such statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement.

6.4.2.
Indemnity. The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. Subject
to Section 6.6 below, the Company agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent and save it harmless against any and all liabilities, including
judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees, for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in the execution of this Agreement except
as a result of the Rights Agents gross negligence, willful misconduct, or bad faith.

6.4.3.
Exclusions. The Rights Agent shall have no responsibility with respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the
validity or execution of any Right (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of
any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Right; nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation
or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Ordinary Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Right or as
to whether any Ordinary Shares will when issued be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.

6.5.
Acceptance of Agency. The Rights Agent hereby accepts the agency established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same
upon the terms and conditions herein set forth.

6.6.
Waiver. The Rights Agent hereby waives any right of set-off or any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim)
in, or to any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date
hereof, by and between the Company and the Rights Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement,
payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

5

7.
Miscellaneous Provisions.

7.1.
Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall
bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.

7.2.
Notices. Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder
of any Right to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified
mail or private courier service within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed
in writing by the Company with the Rights Agent), as follows:

UY
Scuti Acquisition Corp.

340
East 64th Street, Apt 5P

New York, NY 10065

Attn:
Ken Lu

Telephone:
(412)-947-0514

Email:
kenlu@uysacquisition.com

With
a copy to:

Becker
& Poliakoff P.A.

45
Broadway, 17th Floor

New
York, New York 10006

Attn:
Bill Huo, Esq.

Email:
bhuo@beckerlawyers.com

Tel:
(212) 599-3322

Any
notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the holder of any Right or by the Company to or on the
Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given when so delivered if by hand or overnight delivery or if sent by certified mail or private courier
service within five days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Rights
Agent with the Company), as follows:

Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1
State Street, 30th Floor

New York, NY 10004

Attention: Compliance Department

Email:Compliance@continentalstock.com

in
each case, with copies to:

Loeb
& Loeb LLP

345 Park Avenue,

New
York, NY 10154

Attn.: David Levine, Esq.

Email: dlevine@loeb.com

and

Maxim
Group LLC

300 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10174

Attn.: Larry Glassberg

Email: lglassberg@maximgrp.com

6

7.3.
Applicable Law. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and of the Rights shall be governed in all respects
by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the
substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding or claim against it arising out of or
relating in any way to this Agreement shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, and irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be exclusive. The
Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any
such process or summons to be served upon the Company may be served by transmitting a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to it at the address set forth in Section 7.2 hereof. Such mailing shall be deemed
personal service and shall be legal and binding upon the Company in any action, proceeding or claim.

7.4.
Persons Having Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement expressed and nothing that may be implied from any of the
provisions hereof is intended, or shall be construed, to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties hereto
and the Registered Holders of the Rights and, for the purposes of Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof, the Representative, any right,
remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. The Representative
shall be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary of this Agreement with respect to Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof. All covenants,
conditions, stipulations, promises, and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties
hereto (and the Representative with respect to the Sections 3.1, 7.4 and 7.8 hereof) and their successors and assigns and of the
Registered Holders of the Rights. The provisions of this Section 7.4 may not be modified, amended or deleted without the prior written
consent of the Representative.

7.5.
Examination of the Right Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Rights
Agent in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, for inspection by the Registered Holder of any Right. The Rights Agent
may require any such holder to submit his, her or its Right for inspection by it.

7.6.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts
shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

7.7.
Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect
the interpretation thereof.

7.8.
Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto without the consent of any Registered Holder for the purpose of
curing any ambiguity, or of curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision contained herein or adding or changing any other
provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and that
the parties deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the Registered Holders. All other modifications or amendments shall require
the written consent or vote of the Registered Holders of a majority of the then outstanding Rights. The provisions of this Section 7.8
may not be modified, amended or deleted without the prior written consent of the Representative.

7.9.
Severability. This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any
such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision
as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

7

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by the parties hereto as of the day and year first above written.

UY
SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/
Jialuan Ma 

Name: Jialuan
Ma 

Title: Director 

CONTINENTAL
STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY 

By: /s/
Henry Farrell 

Name: Henry
Farrell 

Title: Vice
President 

[Signature
Page to Rights Agreement]

8

EXHIBIT
A

Form
of Right

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>uyscuti_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.1

Execution
Version

March 31,
2025

UY
Scuti Acquisition Corp.

340
East 64th Street, Apt 5P

New York, NY 10065

Maxim
Group LLC

300
Park Avenue

New York, New York 10022

Re: UY
SCUTI Public Offering; Voting, Lock-Up and Waiver

Gentlemen:

This
letter (this Letter Agreement) is being delivered to you in accordance with the Underwriting Agreement (the
Underwriting Agreement) to be entered into by and between UY Scuti Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted
company (the Company), and Maxim Group LLC, as representative (the Representative)
of the several underwriters (each, an Underwriter and collectively, the Underwriters),
relating to an underwritten initial public offering (the Public Offering), of 5,000,000 of the Companys
units (including up to 750,000 units that may be purchased to cover over-allotments, if any) (the Units),
each comprised of one of the Companys ordinary shares, par value $0.001 per share (the Ordinary Shares),
and a right (Right) to receive 1/5th of an Ordinary Share. The Units shall be sold in the Public
Offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-284815) and prospectus (the Prospectus)
filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) and the Company shall apply
to have the Units and components thereof listed on the capital market. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 12
hereof.

In
order to induce the Company and the Underwriters to enter into the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Public Offering and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, UY Scuti investments Limited
(the Sponsor) and the undersigned individuals, each of whom is a member of the Companys board of directors
and/or management team (each, an Insider and collectively, the Insiders), hereby
agrees with the Company as follows:

1.
The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that (A) if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination, then in connection
with such proposed Business Combination, it, he or she shall (i) vote any Shares owned by it, him or her in favor of any proposed Business
Combination and (ii) not redeem any Shares owned by it, him or her in connection with such shareholder approval, (B) if the Company engages
in a tender offer in connection with any proposed Business Combination, it, he or she shall not sell any Shares to the Company in connection
therewith and (C) if the Company seeks shareholder approval of any proposed amendment to the Charter prior to the consummation of a Business
Combination, it, he or she shall not redeem any Shares owned by it, him or her in connection with such shareholder approval.

2.
The Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees that in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the time
period set forth in the Charter, the Sponsor and each Insider shall take all reasonable steps to cause the Company to (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, subject
to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the Ordinary Shares sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering (the Offering
Shares), at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay any taxes (less up to $100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish all Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if
any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the
Companys remaining shareholders and the Companys board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) above to the Companys obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements
of applicable law. The Sponsor and each Insider agrees to not propose any amendment to the Charter (i) that would affect the substance
or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem 100% of the Offering Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the time period described in the Prospectus or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights
or pre-Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Ordinary
Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay any
taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares.

3.
The Sponsor and each Insider acknowledges that it, he or she has no right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the Trust Account or any other asset of the Company as a result of any liquidation of the Company with respect to the Founder Shares
held by it, him or her. The Sponsor and each Insider hereby further waives any claim such Sponsor or Insider may have in the future as
a result of, or arising out of, any contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for
any reason whatsoever except in each case with respect to the Insiders right to a pro rata interest in the proceeds held in the
Trust Account for any Offering Shares such Sponsor or Insider may hold.

4.
During the period commencing on the effective date of the Underwriting Agreement and ending 180 days after such date, the Sponsor and
each Insider shall not, without the prior written consent of the Representative, (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell,
hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish
or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, with respect to
any Units, Ordinary Shares, Founder Shares, Rights or any securities convertible into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Ordinary
Shares owned by it, him or her, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of
the economic consequences of ownership of any Units, Ordinary Shares, Founder Shares, Warrants, Rights or any securities convertible
into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, Ordinary Shares owned by it, him or her, whether any such transaction is to be settled by
delivery of such securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause
(i) or (ii). Each of the Insiders and the Sponsor acknowledges and agrees that, prior to the effective date of any release or waiver,
of the restrictions set forth in this Section 4 or Section 8 below, the Company shall announce the impending release or waiver
by press release through a major news service at least two business days before the effective date of the release or waiver. Any release
or waiver granted shall only be effective two business days after the publication date of such press release. The provisions of this
Section will not apply if the release or waiver is effected solely to permit a transfer not for consideration and the transferee has
agreed in writing to be bound by the same terms described in this Letter Agreement to the extent and for the duration that such terms
remain in effect at the time of the transfer.

5.
In the event of the liquidation of the Trust Account, the Sponsor (which for purposes of clarification shall not extend to any other
shareholders, members or managers of the Sponsor) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any and all loss, liability,
claim, damage and expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any and all legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating,
preparing or defending against any litigation, whether pending or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) to which the Company may become
subject as a result of any claim by (i) any third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company or (ii) a prospective target
business with which the Company has entered into a letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or a Business Combination
agreement (a Target); provided, however, that such indemnification of the Company by the Sponsor
shall apply only to the extent necessary to ensure that such claims by a third party for services rendered (other than the Companys
independent public accountants) or products sold to the Company or a Target do not reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to
below (i) $10.00 per share of the Offering Shares or (ii) such lesser amount per share of the Offering Shares held in the Trust Account
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, in each case, net of the amount
of interest earned on the property in the Trust Account which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party
(including a Target) who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under
the Companys indemnity of the Underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. In the event that any such executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against such third party, the Sponsor shall not
be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Sponsor shall have the right to defend against any such
claim with counsel of its choice reasonably satisfactory to the Company if, within 15 days following written receipt of notice of the
claim to the Sponsor, the Sponsor notifies the Company in writing that it shall undertake such defense.

6.
To the extent that the Underwriters do not exercise their over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 750,000 Units within
45 days from the date of the Prospectus (and as further described in the Prospectus), the Sponsor agrees to forfeit, at no cost, a number
of Founder Shares in the aggregate equal to 187,500 multiplied by a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 750,000 minus the number
of Units purchased by the Underwriters upon the exercise of their over-allotment option, and (ii) the denominator of which is 750,000.

2

7.
The Sponsor and each Insider hereby agrees and acknowledges that: (i) the Underwriters and the Company would be irreparably injured in
the event of a breach by such Sponsor or an Insider of its, his or her obligations under Sections 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8(a), 8(b), and
9, as applicable, of this Letter Agreement; (ii) monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such breach; and (iii) the non-breaching
party shall be entitled to injunctive relief, in addition to any other remedy that such party may have in law or in equity, in the event
of such breach.

8.
(a) The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she shall not transfer any of their Founder Shares until the earlier of (x) six
months after the date of the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination, (y) the date on which the closing price
of the Companys Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, rights
issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after the Companys initial Business Combination, or (z) the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger,
share exchange, or other similar transaction after its initial Business Combination that results in all of the Companys shareholders
having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property (the Founder Shares Lock-up Period).

(b)
The Sponsor and each Insider agrees that it, he or she shall not Transfer any Private Placement Units (or Ordinary Shares issued or issuable
upon the conversion of the Private Placement Units), until after the completion of a Business Combination (the Private Placement
Units Lock-up Period, together with the Founder Shares Lock-up Period, the Lock-up Periods).

(c)
Notwithstanding the provisions set forth in Sections 8(a) and (b), Transfers of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Units and
Ordinary Shares issued or issuable upon the exercise or conversion of the Private Placement Units and that are held by the Sponsor, any
Insider or any of their permitted transferees (that have complied with this Section 8(c)), are permitted (a) to the Companys
officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of the Companys officers or directors, any members of the Sponsor,
or any affiliates of the Sponsor; (b) in the case of an individual, transfers by gift to a member of the individuals immediate
family, to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of the individuals immediate family or an affiliate of such person, or
to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, transfers by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of
the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, transfers pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) transfers by private
sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination at prices no greater than the price at which the
securities were originally purchased; (f) transfers in the event of the Companys liquidation prior to the completion of an initial
Business Combination; (g) transfers by virtue of the laws of the British Virgin Islands or the Sponsors limited liability company
agreement upon dissolution of the Sponsor; (h) in the event of the Companys liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction which results in all of the Companys shareholders having the right to exchange their Ordinary Shares
for cash, securities or other property subsequent to the completion of the Companys initial Business Combination; and (i) transfers
in connection with the Companys initial Business Combination with the Companys consent to any third party; provided, however,
that in the case of clauses (a) through (e), (h) and (i), these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to
be bound by the restrictions herein.

9.
The Sponsor and each Insider represents and warrants that it, he or she has never been suspended or expelled from membership in any securities
or commodities exchange or association or had a securities or commodities license or registration denied, suspended or revoked. Each
Insiders biographical information furnished to the Company (including any such information included in the Prospectus) is true
and accurate in all respects and does not omit any material information with respect to the Insiders background. Each Insiders
questionnaire furnished to the Company is true and accurate in all respects. Each Insider represents and warrants that: it, he or she
is not subject to or a respondent in any legal action for, any injunction, cease-and-desist order or order or stipulation to desist or
refrain from any act or practice relating to the offering of securities in any jurisdiction; it or he has never been convicted of, or
pleaded guilty to, any crime (i) involving fraud, (ii) relating to any financial transaction or handling of funds of another person,
or (iii) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and it or he is not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding.

3

10.
Except as disclosed in the Prospectus, neither the Sponsor nor any Insider nor any affiliate of the Sponsor or any Insider, nor any director
or officer of the Company, shall receive from the Company any finders fee, reimbursement, or cash payments prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate the consummation of the Companys initial Business Combination (regardless of
the type of transaction that it is), other than the amounts described in the Prospectus under the heading Summary The
Offering Limited Payments to Insiders.

11.
The Sponsor and each Insider has full right and power, without violating any agreement to which it is bound (including, without limitation,
any non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement and, as
applicable, to serve as an officer and/or director on the board of directors of the Company and hereby consents to being named in the
Prospectus as an officer and/or director of the Company.

12.
As used herein, (i) Business Combination shall mean a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses; (ii) Shares
shall mean, collectively, the Ordinary Shares and the Founder Shares; (iii) Founder Shares shall mean the
1,437,500 Ordinary Shares initially issued to the Sponsor (up to 187,500 Shares of which are subject to complete or partial forfeiture
by the Sponsor if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the Underwriters) for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or $0.01
per share, prior to the consummation of the Public Offering; (iv) Initial Shareholders shall mean the Sponsor
and any Insider that holds Founder Shares; (v) Private Placement Units shall mean the Units to purchase up
to 240,848 Units which the Sponsor has agreed to purchase for an aggregate purchase price of $2,408,480, or $10.00 per whole Private
Placement Unit, in a private placement that shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering; (vi) Public
Shareholders shall mean the holders of securities issued in the Public Offering; (vii) Trust Account
shall mean the trust fund into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Public Offering shall be deposited with Continental Stock Transfer
& Trust Company; (viii) Transfer shall mean the (a) sale of, offer to sell, contract or agreement to
sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant of any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly,
or establishment or increase of a put equivalent position or liquidation with respect to or decrease of a call equivalent position within
the meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated
thereunder with respect to, any security, (b) entry into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part,
any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of such securities,
in cash or otherwise, or (c) public announcement of any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (a) or (b); and (ix)
Charter shall mean the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as the
same may be amended from time to time.

13.
This Letter Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof
and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent
they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. This Letter Agreement may not be changed,
amended, modified or waived (other than to correct a typographical error) as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument
executed by all parties hereto.

14.
No party hereto may assign either this Letter Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the other party. Any purported assignment in violation of this Section shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate
to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This Letter Agreement shall be binding on the Sponsor and each
Insider and their respective successors, heirs and assigns and permitted transferees.

15.
Nothing in this Letter Agreement shall be construed to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation other than the parties hereto
any right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Letter Agreement or of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise or agreement
hereof; provided, however, Representative shall be deemed a beneficiary hereof. All covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises and
agreements contained in this Letter Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the parties hereto and their successors,
heirs, personal representatives and assigns and permitted transferees.

4

16.
This Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of original or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all
purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

17.
This Letter Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of this Letter Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid
or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Letter Agreement a provision
as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid and enforceable.

18.
This Letter Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving
effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. The parties
hereto (i) all agree that any action, proceeding, claim or dispute arising out of, or relating in any way to, this Letter Agreement shall
be brought and enforced in the courts of New York City, in the State of New York, and irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction and venue,
which jurisdiction and venue shall be exclusive and (ii) waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and venue or that such courts
represent an inconvenient forum.

19.
Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Letter Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery
or facsimile transmission.

20.
This Letter Agreement shall terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-up Periods or (ii) the liquidation of the Company;
provided, however, that this Letter Agreement shall earlier terminate in the event that the Public Offering is not consummated and closed
by June 30, 2025; provided further that Section 5 of this Letter Agreement shall survive such liquidation.

[Signature
Page Follows]

5

SPONSOR:

UY
Scuti investments Limited

By: /s/
Guojian Zhang

Name: Guojian
Zhang

Title: Director

Officers
and Directors 

/s/
Jialuan Ma 

Jialuan
Ma 

Chief
Executive Officer and Director 

/s/
Shaokang Lu 

Shaokang
Lu 

Chief
Financial Officer 

/s/
Jiawen Zhao 

Jiawen
Zhao 

Chief
Investment Officer and Director 

/s/ Sze
Wai Lee 

Sze Wai Lee 

Director 

/s/
Daniel John Paul Peart 

Daniel
John Paul Peart 

Director 

/s/
Yan Liang 

Yan
Liang 

Director 

6

UY
SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/
Jialuan Ma 

Name: Jialuan
Ma 

Title: Chief
Executive Officer 

[Signature
Page to Letter Agreement]

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>uyscuti_ex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

Execution Copy

INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT

This Investment Management Trust Agreement (this Agreement) is made effective as of March 31, 2025 by and between UY Scuti Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York corporation (the Trustee).

WHEREAS, the Companys registration statement on Form S-1, (File No. 333-284815) (the Registration Statement) and prospectus (the Prospectus) for the initial public offering of the Companys units (the Units), each of which consists of one of the Companys ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of an Ordinary Share upon the consummation of an initial business combination (such initial public offering hereinafter referred to as the Offering), has been declared effective as of the date hereof by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;

WHEREAS, the Company has entered into an Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement) with Maxim Group LLC as representative (the Representative) of the underwriters (the Underwriters) named therein;

WHEREAS, as described in the Registration Statement, $50,000,000 of the gross proceeds of the Offering and sale of the Private Placement Units (as defined in the Underwriting Agreement) (or $57,500,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) will be delivered to the Trustee to be deposited and held in a segregated trust account located at all times in the United States (the Trust Account) for the benefit of the Company and the holders of the Ordinary Shares included in the Units issued in the Offering as hereinafter provided (the amount to be delivered to the Trustee (and any interest subsequently earned thereon) is referred to herein as the Property, the shareholders for whose benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to as the Public Shareholders, and the Public Shareholders and the Company will be referred to together as the Beneficiaries);

WHEREAS, if a Business Combination is not consummated within the initial 12 month period following the closing of the Offering, the Companys sponsor or its affiliates may extend such period by two three-month periods, up to a maximum of 18 months in the aggregate, by depositing $500,000 (or $575,000 if the Underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full, or in any case, $0.10 per public share) into the Trust Account (as defined below) no later than the 12-month or 15-month anniversary of the closing of the Offering (each, an Applicable Deadline), as described in the Prospectus, for each three-month extension (each, an Extension); and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold the Property.

NOW THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:

1. Agreements and Covenants of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Hold the Property in trust for the Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of this Agreement in the Trust Account established by the Trustee in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or at another U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more) and at a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company;

(b) Manage, supervise and administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

(c) Promptly upon receipt of written instruction of the Company, (i) invest and reinvest the Property, initially solely in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, or (ii) deposit the Property into an interest bearing or non-interest bearing demand deposit account at a U.S. chartered commercial bank with consolidated assets of $100 billion or more selected by the Trustee that is reasonably satisfactory to the Company; it being understood that the Trust Account will earn no interest while account funds are uninvested awaiting the Companys instructions hereunder and while the account funds are invested or uninvested, the Trustee may earn bank credits or other consideration during such periods;

(d) Collect and receive, when due, all interest or other income arising from the Property, which shall become part of the Property, as such term is used herein;

(e) Promptly notify the Company and the Representative of all communications received by the Trustee with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company;

(f) Supply any necessary information or documents as may be requested by the Company (or its authorized agents) in connection with the Companys preparation of the tax returns relating to assets held in the Trust Account or in connection with the preparation of the Companys financial statements or completion of the audit of the Companys financial statements by the Companys auditors;

(g) Participate in any plan or proceeding for protecting or enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when instructed by the Company to do so;

(h) Render to the Company monthly written statements of the activities of, and amounts in, the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and disbursements of the Trust Account;

(i) Commence liquidation of the Trust Account only after and promptly after (x) receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a letter from the Company (Termination Letter) in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B, as applicable, signed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary or Chairman of the board of directors of the Company (the Board) or other authorized officer of the Company, and complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes owed or payable and, in the case of Exhibit B, less up to $100,000 of interest income to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses), only as directed in the Termination Letter and the other documents referred to therein, or (y) upon the date which is the later of (1) the 12 month anniversary of the closing of the Offering (the Closing); (2) in the event that the Company has extended the time to complete the Business Combination for up to 18 months from the Closing, but has not completed the Business Combination within the applicable time period of such Extension; or (3) any such later date as may be approved by the Companys shareholders in accordance with the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Memorandum and Articles), if a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee prior to such date, in which case the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B and the Property in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes owed or payable and up to $100,000 of interest income to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses), shall be distributed to the Public Shareholders of record as of such date;

(j) Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C (a Tax Payment Withdrawal Instruction), withdraw from the Trust Account and distribute to the Company the amount of interest earned on the Property requested by the Company to cover any income tax obligation owed by the Company, which amount shall be delivered directly to the Company by electronic funds transfer or other method of prompt payment, and the Company shall forward such payment to the relevant taxing authority, so long as there is no reduction in the principal amount per share initially deposited in the Trust Account; provided, however, that to the extent there is not sufficient cash in the Trust Account to pay such tax obligation, the Trustee shall liquidate such assets held in the Trust Account as shall be designated by the Company in writing to make such distribution (it being acknowledged and agreed that any such amount in excess of interest income earned on the Property shall not be payable from the Trust Account). The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request;

(k) Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit D (a Shareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction), the Trustee shall distribute on behalf of the Company the amount requested by the Company to be used to redeem Ordinary Shares from Public Shareholders properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Memorandum and Articles (A) that would affect the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem one hundred percent (100%) of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within such time as is described in the Memorandum and Articles or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The written request of the Company referenced above shall constitute presumptive evidence that the Company is entitled to distribute said funds, and the Trustee shall have no responsibility to look beyond said request; and

(l) Upon receipt of an extension letter (Extension Letter) substantially similar to Exhibit E hereto at least five business days prior to the Applicable Deadline, signed on behalf of the Company by an executive officer, and receipt of the dollar amount specified in the Extension Letter on or prior to the Applicable Deadline, to follow the instructions set forth in the Extension Letter.

(m) Not make any withdrawals or distributions from the Trust Account other than pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j) or 1(k) above.

2

2. Agreements and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby agrees and covenants to:

(a) Give all instructions to the Trustee hereunder in writing, signed by the Companys Chairperson of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Secretary. In addition, except with respect to its duties under Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) hereof, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it, in good faith and with reasonable care, believes to be given by any one of the persons authorized above to give written instructions, provided that the Company shall promptly confirm such instructions in writing;

(b) Subject to Section 4 hereof, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and against any and all expenses, including reasonable counsel fees and disbursements, or losses suffered by the Trustee in connection with any action taken by it hereunder and in connection with any action, suit or other proceeding brought against the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand, which in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any interest earned on the Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. Promptly after the receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the Trustee intends to seek indemnification under this Section 2(b), it shall notify the Company in writing of such claim (hereinafter referred to as the Indemnified Claim). The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense against such Indemnified Claim; provided that the Trustee shall obtain the consent of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Trustee may not agree to settle any Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent of the Company, which such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed; provided, further that the Company may conduct and manage the defense against any Indemnified Claim if the Trustee does not promptly take reasonable steps to mount such a defense. The Company may participate in such action with its own counsel;

(c) Pay the Trustee the fees set forth on Schedule A hereto, including an initial acceptance fee, annual administration fee and transaction processing fee which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly understood that the Property shall not be used to pay such fees unless and until it is distributed to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) through 1(k) hereof. The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance fee and the first annual administration fee at the consummation of the Offering. The Company shall not be responsible for any other fees or charges of the Trustee except as set forth in this Section 2(c), Schedule A and as may be provided in Section 2(b) hereof;

(d) In connection with any vote of the Companys shareholders regarding a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination involving the Company and one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination), provide to the Trustee an affidavit or certificate of the inspector of elections for the general meeting verifying the vote of such shareholders regarding such Business Combination;

(e) Provide the Representative with a copy of any Termination Letter(s) and/or any other correspondence that is sent to the Trustee with respect to any proposed withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly after it issues the same;

(f) If the Company has an amendment to its Memorandum and Articles approved by its shareholders, provide the Trustee with an Amendment Notification Letter in the form of Exhibit D providing instructions for the distribution of funds to Public Shareholders who exercise their redemption rights in connection with such amendment; and

(g) Instruct the Trustee to make only those distributions that are permitted under this Agreement, and refrain from instructing the Trustee to make any distributions that are not permitted under this Agreement.

3

3. Limitations of Liability. The Trustee shall have no responsibility or liability to:

(a) Imply obligations, perform duties, inquire or otherwise be subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this Agreement and that which is expressly set forth herein;

(b) Take any action with respect to the Property, other than as directed in Section 1 hereof, and the Trustee shall have no liability to any third party except for liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct;

(c) Institute any proceeding for the collection of any principal and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding of any kind with respect to, any of the Property unless and until it shall have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to do so and the Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient to pay any expenses incident thereto;

(d) Refund any depreciation in principal of any Property;

(e) Assume that the authority of any person designated by the Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless provided otherwise in such designation, or unless the Company shall have delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;

(f) The other parties hereto or to anyone else for any action taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or omitted, in good faith and in the Trustees best judgment, except for the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. The Trustee may rely conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel (including counsel chosen by the Trustee, which counsel may be the Companys counsel), statement, instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained) which the Trustee believes, in good faith and with reasonable care, to be genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or persons. The Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement or any of the terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the Trustee, signed by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall give its prior written consent thereto;

(g) Verify the accuracy of the information contained in the Registration Statement;

(h) Provide any assurance that any Business Combination entered into by the Company or any other action taken by the Company is as contemplated by the Registration Statement;

(i) File information returns with respect to the Trust Account with any local, state or federal taxing authority or provide periodic written statements to the Company documenting the taxes payable by the Company, if any, relating to any interest income earned on the Property;

(j) Prepare, execute and file tax reports, income or other tax returns and pay any taxes with respect to any income generated by, and activities relating to, the Trust Account, regardless of whether such tax is payable by the Trust Account or the Company, including, but not limited to, tax obligations, except pursuant to Section 1(j) hereof; or

(k) Verify calculations, qualify or otherwise approve the Companys written requests for distributions pursuant to Sections 1(i), 1(j) or 1(k) hereof.

4. Trust Account Waiver. The Trustee has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now or in the future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Section 2(b) or Section 2(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the Company and its assets outside the Trust Account and not against the Property or any monies in the Trust Account.

4

5. Termination. This Agreement shall terminate as follows:

(a) If the Trustee gives written notice to the Company that it desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to locate a successor trustee, pending which the Trustee shall continue to act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the Company notifies the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Trustee shall transfer the management of the Trust Account to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of copies of the reports and statements relating to the Trust Account, whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however, that in the event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety (90) days of receipt of the resignation notice from the Trustee, the Trustee may submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the State of New York or with the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune from any liability whatsoever; or

(b) At such time that the Trustee has completed the liquidation of the Trust Account and its obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 1(i) hereof and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall terminate except with respect to Section 2(b).

(c) If the Offering is not consummated within ten (10) business days of the date of this Agreement, any funds received by the Trustee from the Company or Sponsor for purposes of funding the Trust Account shall be promptly returned to the Company or Sponsor, as applicable.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) The Company and the Trustee each acknowledge that the Trustee will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds transferred from the Trust Account. The Company and the Trustee will each restrict access to confidential information relating to such security procedures to authorized persons. Each party must notify the other party immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have obtained access to such confidential information, or of any change in its authorized personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee shall rely upon all information supplied to it by the Company, including, account names, account numbers and all other identifying information relating to a Beneficiary, Beneficiarys bank or intermediary bank. Except for any liability arising out of the Trustees gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct, the Trustee shall not be liable for any loss, liability or expense resulting from any error in the information or transmission of the funds.

(b) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of another jurisdiction. This Agreement may be executed in several original or facsimile counterparts, each one of which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute but one instrument.

(c) This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except for Sections 1(i), 1(j) or 1(k) hereof (which sections may not be modified, amended or deleted without the affirmative vote of at least fifty percent (50%) of the then outstanding Ordinary Shares, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company; provided that no such amendment will affect any Public Shareholder who has properly elected to redeem his, her or its Ordinary Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to this Agreement (A) that would affect the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem one hundred percent (100%) of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the time frame specified in the Memorandum and Articles or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity), this Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended or modified (other than to correct a typographical error) by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto.

(d) The parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court located in the City of New York, State of New York, for purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder. AS TO ANY CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.

(e) Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or by facsimile or email transmission:

5

if to the Trustee, to:

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Email: fwolf@continentalstock.com

Email: cgonzalez@continentalstock.com

if to the Company, to:

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

340 East 64th Street, Apt 5P

New York, NY 10065

Attn: Ken Lu

Telephone: (412)-947-0514

Email: kenlu@uysacquisition.com

in each case, with copies to:

Becker & Poliakoff P.C.

45 Broadway, 17th Floor

New York, NY 10006

212 599 3322

Attn: Bill Huo, Esq.

and

Maxim Group LLC

300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Attn: General Counsel

(f) Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby represents that it has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and to perform its respective obligations as contemplated hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any claims or proceed against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account under any circumstance.

(g) This Agreement is the joint product of the Trustee and the Company and each provision hereof has been subject to the mutual consultation, negotiation and agreement of such parties and shall not be construed for or against any party hereto.

(h) Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Representative, on behalf of the Underwriters, is a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.

(i) Except as specified herein, no party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder to any other person or entity without the prior written consent of the other.

[Signature Page Follows]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Investment Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as Trustee 

By: /s/ Francis Wolf 

Name: Francis Wolf 

Title: Vice President 

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. 

By: /s/ Ken Lu 

Name: Ken Lu 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to

Investment Management Trust Agreement

7

SCHEDULE A

Fee Item Time and method of payment Amount 

Initial set-up fee Initial closing of Offering by wire transfer. $ 3,500.00 

Trustee administration fee 

Payable annually. First year fee payable at initial closing of Offering by wire transfer; thereafter, payable by wire transfer or check. $ 10,000.00 

Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company under Sections 1(i), 1(j) and 1(k) Billed to Company following disbursement made to Company under Section 1. $ 250.00 

Paying Agent services as required pursuant to Sections 1(i) and 1(k). Billed to Company upon delivery of service pursuant to Sections 1(i) and 1(k). Prevailing rates 

Sch. A-1

Exhibit A

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountTermination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of ____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an agreement with [] (the Target Business) to consummate a business combination with Target Business (the Business Combination) on or about [insert date]. The Company shall notify you at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance of the actual date of the consummation of the Business Combination (the Consummation Date). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to commence to liquidate all of the assets of the Trust Account and to transfer the proceeds into the trust operating account in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of the funds held in the Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or accounts that the Company shall direct on the Consummation Date. It is acknowledged and agreed that while the funds are on deposit in the trust operating account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. awaiting distribution, the Company will not earn any interest or dividends.

On the Consummation Date (i) counsel for the Company shall deliver to you written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated, or will be consummated concurrently with your transfer of funds to the accounts as directed by the Company (the Notification), (ii) the Company shall deliver to you (a) a certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, which verifies that the Business Combination has been approved by a vote of the Companys shareholders, if a vote is held and (b) a joint written instruction signed by the Company and the Representative with respect to the transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account, including payment of amounts owed to public shareholders who have properly exercised their redemption rights (the Instruction Letter). You are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust Account immediately upon your receipt of the Notification and the Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust Account may not be liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the Company in writing of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such funds should remain in the Trust Account and be distributed after the Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.

In the event that the Business Combination is not consummated on the Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified you on or before the original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, the funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in Section 1(c) of the Trust Agreement on the business day immediately following the Consummation Date as set forth in such written instructions as soon thereafter as possible.

Very truly yours, 

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Maxim Group LLC

A-1

Exhibit B

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountTermination Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of ____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that the Company has been unable to effect a business combination with a Target Business within the time frame specified in the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the Memorandum and Articles), as described in the Companys Prospectus relating to the Offering. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate all of the assets in the Trust Account and to transfer the total proceeds into the trust operating account in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. to await distribution to the Public Shareholders, less taxes payable or owed and up to $100,000 to cover dissolution expenses of the Company. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such amount for dissolution expenses of $_____ promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

The Company has selected [], 20[ ]1 as the effective date for the purpose of determining when the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive their share of the liquidation proceeds. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and, in your separate capacity as Paying Agent, agree to distribute said funds directly to the Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and the Memorandum and Articles. Upon the distribution of all the funds, net of any payments necessary for reasonable unreimbursed expenses related to liquidating the Trust Account, your obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated, except to the extent otherwise provided in Section 1(j) of the Trust Agreement.

Very truly yours, 

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Maxim Group LLC

1 18 months or such earlier date as the Companys board of directors may approve), or at a later date, if extended.

B-1

Exhibit C

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountInterest Withdrawal Request (Taxes)

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(j) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of ____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company [$ ] of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds to pay for its tax obligations as set forth on the attached tax return or tax statement. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Companys operating account at:

[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]

Very truly yours, 

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Maxim Group LLC

C-1

Exhibit D 

[Letterhead of Company] 

[Insert date] 

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountShareholder Redemption Withdrawal Instruction

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(k) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of ____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the redeeming Public Shareholders of the Company $[] of the principal and interest income earned on the Property as of the date hereof. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

The Company needs such funds to pay its Public Shareholders who have properly elected to have their Ordinary Shares redeemed by the Company in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Companys amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as may be amended from time to time (the Memorandum and Articles) (A) that affects the substance or timing of the Companys obligation to redeem one hundred percent (100%) of its public Ordinary Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within such time as is described in the Memorandum and Articles or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of Ordinary Shares or pre-initial Business Combination activity. As such, you are hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the redeeming Public Shareholders in accordance with your customary procedures.

Very truly yours, 

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Maxim Group LLC

D-1

Exhibit E

[Letterhead of Company]

[Insert date]

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company

1 State Street, 30th Floor

New York, New York 10004

Attn: Francis Wolf and Celeste Gonzalez

Re: Trust AccountExtension Letter

Dear Mr. Wolf and Ms. Gonzalez:

Pursuant to Section 1(l) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement between UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. (the Company) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (the Trustee), dated as of ____, 2025 (the Trust Agreement), this is to advise you that the Company is extending the time available in order to consummate a Business Combination for an additional three (3) months, from _______ to _________ (the Extension). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.

This Extension Letter shall serve as the notice required with respect to Extension prior to the Applicable Deadline. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to deposit $500,000 [(or $575,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full, or in any case, $0.10 per public share)], which will be wired to you, into the Trust Account investments upon receipt.

This is the ____ of up to two (2) Extension Letters

Very truly yours, 

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

cc: Maxim Group LLC

E-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>uyscuti_ex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

Execution Version

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP.

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into as of the 31st day of March 2025, by and among UY Scuti Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), and the undersigned parties listed under Investors on the signature page hereto (each, an Investor and collectively, the Investors).

WHEREAS, the Investors and the Company desire to enter into this Agreement to provide the Investors with certain rights relating to the registration under the United States federal securities laws and regulations of the securities held by them as of the date hereof.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized terms used herein have the following meanings:

Agreement means this Agreement, as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time.

Business Combination means the acquisition of direct or indirect ownership through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar type of transaction, of one or more businesses or entities.

Commission means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other Federal agency then administering the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

Company is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.

Demand Registration is defined in Section 2.1.1.

Demanding Holder is defined in Section 2.1.1.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

Form S-1 is defined in Section 2.3.

Founder Shares means the 1,437,500 Ordinary Shares of the Company issued to UY Scuti investments Limited prior to the Companys initial public offering.

Indemnified Party is defined in Section 4.3.

Indemnifying Party is defined in Section 4.3.

Investor is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.

Investor Indemnified Party is defined in Section 4.1.

Maximum Number of Shares is defined in Section 2.1.4.

Notices is defined in Section 6.3.

Ordinary Shares means the ordinary shares of the Company, par value $0.001 per share.

Piggy-Back Registration is defined in Section 2.2.1.

Private Units means 227,500 private units (or 240,848 private units if the overallotment option is exercised in full) sold and issued to UY Scuti investments Limited (or its designees or affiliates) as of the date hereof which UY Scuti investments Limited (or its designees) are privately purchasing under an exemption from registration under the Securities Act simultaneously with the consummation of the Companys initial public offering, as further described in the Registration Statement.

Pro Rata is defined in Section 2.1.4.

Register, Registered and Registration mean a registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration statement becoming effective.

Registrable Securities means: (i) the Founder Shares: (ii) the Private Units; (iii) the Ordinary Shares underlying the Private Units and the components thereof; (iv) any securities issuable upon conversion of loans from Investors (or their designees or affiliates) to the Company for the Companys use as working capital, if any (the Working Capital Loan Securities). Registrable Securities include any warrants, shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company issued as a dividend or other distribution with respect to or in exchange for or in replacement of such Founder Shares, Private Units and Working Capital Loan Securities (and underlying securities). As to any particular Registrable Securities, such securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (a) a Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with such Registration Statement; (b) such securities shall have been otherwise transferred, new certificates for them not bearing a legend restricting further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company, and subsequent public distribution of them shall not require registration under the Securities Act; (c) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding, or (d) the Registrable Securities are freely saleable under Rule 144 under the Securities Act without volume limitations.

Registration Statement means a registration statement filed by the Company with the Commission in compliance with the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder for a public offering and sale of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities (other than a registration statement on Form S-4 or Form S-8, or their successors, or any registration statement covering only securities proposed to be issued in exchange for securities or assets of another entity).

Rights means the rights to purchase 1/5th of an Ordinary Share.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time.

Underwriter means a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable Securities as principal in an underwritten offering and not as part of such dealers market-making activities.

Units
means the units of the Company as described in the Registration Statement of the Company as declared effective by the Securities and
Exchange Commission on March 31, 2025 (SEC File No.: 333- 284815), each comprised of (i) one Ordinary Share and (ii) a Right to
purchase 1/5th of an Ordinary Share.

2. REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

2.1 Demand Registration.

2.1.1 Request for Registration. At any time and from time to time on or after the date that the Company consummates a Business Combination, the holders of a majority-in-interest of Founder Shares, Private Units (or underlying securities), Working Capital Loan Securities (or underlying securities), or other Registrable Securities, as the case may be, the Investors, officers or directors of the Company or their affiliates, or the transferees of the Investors, may make a written demand for registration under the Securities Act of all or part of their Founder Shares, Private Units (or underlying securities), Working Capital Loan Securities (or underlying securities), or other Registrable Securities, as the case may be (a Demand Registration). Any demand for a Demand Registration shall specify the number of shares of Registrable Securities proposed to be sold and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. The Company will, within ten (10) days of the Companys receipt of the Demand Registration, notify all holders of Registrable Securities of the demand, and each holder of Registrable Securities who wishes to include all or a portion of such holders Registrable Securities in the Demand Registration (each such holder including shares of Registrable Securities in such registration, a Demanding Holder) shall so notify the Company within fifteen (15) days after the receipt by the holder of the notice from the Company. Upon any such request, the Demanding Holders shall be entitled to have their Registrable Securities included in the Demand Registration, subject to Section 2.1.4 and the provisos set forth in Section 3.1.1. The Company shall not be obligated to effect more than an aggregate of three (3) Demand Registrations under this Section 2.1.1 in respect of all Registrable Securities.

2

2.1.2 Effective Registration. A registration will not count as a Demand Registration until the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Demand Registration has been declared effective and the Company has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement with respect thereto; provided, however, that if, after such Registration Statement has been declared effective, the offering of Registrable Securities pursuant to a Demand Registration is interfered with by any stop order or injunction of the Commission or any other governmental agency or court, the Registration Statement with respect to such Demand Registration will be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (i) such stop order or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders thereafter elect to continue the offering; provided, further, that the Company shall not be obligated to file a second Registration Statement until a Registration Statement that has been filed is counted as a Demand Registration or is terminated.

2.1.3 Underwritten Offering. If a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders so elect and such holders so advise the Company as part of their written demand for a Demand Registration, the offering of such Registrable Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an underwritten offering. In such event, the right of any holder to include its Registrable Securities in such registration shall be conditioned upon such holders participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such holders Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent provided herein. All Demanding Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities through such underwriting shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter or Underwriters selected for such underwriting by a majority-in-interest of the holders initiating the Demand Registration.

2.1.4 Reduction of Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters for a Demand Registration that is to be an underwritten offering advises the Company and the Demanding Holders in writing that the dollar amount or number of shares of Registrable Securities which the Demanding Holders desire to sell, taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other securities which the Company desires to sell and the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights held by other shareholders of the Company who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or maximum number of shares that can be sold in such offering without adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such maximum dollar amount or maximum number of shares, as applicable, the Maximum Number of Shares), then the Company shall include in such registration: (i) first, the Registrable Securities as to which Demand Registration has been requested by the Demanding Holders (pro rata in accordance with the number of shares that each such Person has requested be included in such registration, regardless of the number of shares held by each such Person (such proportion is referred to herein as Pro Rata)) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Ordinary Shares or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Registrable Securities of holders exercising their piggy-back registration rights pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Agreement; and (iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual arrangements with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares.

2.1.5 Withdrawal. If a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders disapprove of the terms of any underwriting or are not entitled to include all of their Registrable Securities in any offering, such majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders may elect to withdraw from such offering by giving written notice to the Company and the Underwriter or Underwriters of their request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such Demand Registration. If the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders withdraws from a proposed offering relating to a Demand Registration, then such registration shall not count as a Demand Registration provided for in Section 2.1.

3

2.2 Piggy-Back Registration.

2.2.1 Piggy-Back Rights. If at any time on or after the date the Company consummates a Business Combination the Company proposes to file a Registration Statement under the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.1), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option or other benefit plan, (ii) for an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the Companys existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible into equity securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment plan, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of shares of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within five (5) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or Underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggy-Back Registration that involves an Underwriter or Underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the Underwriter or Underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back Registration.

2.2.2 Reduction of Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters for a Piggy-Back Registration that is to be an underwritten offering advises the Company and the holders of Registrable Securities in writing that the dollar amount or number of Ordinary Shares which the Company desires to sell, taken together with Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which registration has been demanded pursuant to separate written contractual arrangements with persons or entities other than the holders of Registrable Securities hereunder, the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been requested under this Section 2.2, and the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to the written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other shareholders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Shares, then the Company shall include in any such registration:

a) If the registration is undertaken for the Companys account: (A) the Ordinary Shares or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (B) to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Ordinary Shares or other securities, if any, comprised of Registrable Securities, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to the applicable written contractual piggy-back registration rights of such security holders, Pro Rata, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (C) to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights with such persons and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and

b) If the registration is a demand registration undertaken at the demand of persons other than either the holders of Registrable Securities, (A) first, the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of the demanding persons that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (B) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clause (A), the Ordinary Shares or other securities that the Company desires to sell which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (C) third, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A) and (B), collectively, the Ordinary Shares or other securities comprised of Registrable Securities, Pro Rata, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to the terms hereof, which can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (D) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (A), (B) and (C), the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual arrangements with such persons, that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares.

4

2.2.3 Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holders request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 3.3.

2.3 Registrations on Form S-3. The holders of Registrable Securities may at any time and from time to time request in writing that the Company register the resale of any or all of such Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short-form registration which may be available at such time (Form S-3); provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect such request through an underwritten offering. Upon receipt of such written request, the Company will promptly give written notice of the proposed registration to all other holders of Registrable Securities, and, as soon as practicable thereafter, effect the registration of all or such portion of such holders or holders Registrable Securities as are specified in such request, together with all or such portion of the Registrable Securities or other securities of the Company, if any, of any other holder or holders joining in such request as are specified in a written request given within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such written notice from the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such registration pursuant to this Section 2.3: (i) if Form S-3 is not available for such offering; or (ii) if the holders of the Registrable Securities, together with the holders of any other securities of the Company entitled to inclusion in such registration, propose to sell Registrable Securities and such other securities (if any) at any aggregate price to the public of less than $5,000,000. Registrations effected pursuant to this Section 2.3 shall not be counted as Demand Registrations effected pursuant to Section 2.1.

3. REGISTRATION PROCEDURES.

3.1 Filings; Information. Whenever the Company is required to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2, the Company shall use its best efforts to effect the registration and sale of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof as expeditiously as practicable, and in connection with any such request:

3.1.1 Filing Registration Statement. The Company shall use its best efforts to, as expeditiously as possible after receipt of a request for a Demand Registration pursuant to Section 2.1, prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement on any form for which the Company then qualifies or which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate and which form shall be available for the sale of all Registrable Securities to be registered thereunder in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof, and shall use its best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become effective and use its best efforts to keep it effective for the period required by Section 3.1.3; provided, however, that the Company shall have the right to defer any Demand Registration for up to thirty (30) days, and any Piggy-Back Registration for such period as may be applicable to deferment of any demand registration to which such Piggy-Back Registration relates, in each case if the Company shall furnish to the holders a certificate signed by the President or Chairman of the Company stating that, in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors of the Company, it would be materially detrimental to the Company for such Registration Statement to be effected at such time; provided further, however, that the Company shall not have the right to exercise the right set forth in the immediately preceding proviso more than once in any 365-day period in respect of a Demand Registration hereunder.

3.1.2 Copies. The Company shall, prior to filing a Registration Statement or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without charge to the holders of Registrable Securities included in such registration, and such holders legal counsel, copies of such Registration Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein), the prospectus included in such Registration Statement (including each preliminary prospectus), and such other documents as the holders of Registrable Securities included in such registration or legal counsel for any such holders may request in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such holders.

3.1.3 Amendments and Supplements. The Company shall prepare and file with the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and supplements to such Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection therewith as may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement effective and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act until all Registrable Securities and other securities covered by such Registration Statement have been disposed of in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement or such securities have been withdrawn.

5

3.1.4 Notification. After the filing of a Registration Statement, the Company shall promptly, and in no event more than two (2) business days after such filing, notify the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement of such filing, and shall further notify such holders promptly and confirm such advice in writing in all events within two (2) business days of the occurrence of any of the following: (i) when such Registration Statement becomes effective; (ii) when any post-effective amendment to such Registration Statement becomes effective; (iii) the issuance or threatened issuance by the Commission of any stop order (and the Company shall take all actions required to prevent the entry of such stop order or to remove it if entered); and (iv) any request by the Commission for any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement or any prospectus relating thereto or for additional information or of the occurrence of an event requiring the preparation of a supplement or amendment to such prospectus so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the securities covered by such Registration Statement, such prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and promptly make available to the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement any such supplement or amendment; except that before filing with the Commission a Registration Statement or prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, including documents incorporated by reference, the Company shall furnish to the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement and to the legal counsel for any such holders, copies of all such documents proposed to be filed sufficiently in advance of filing to provide such holders and legal counsel with a reasonable opportunity to review such documents and comment thereon, and the Company shall not file any Registration Statement or prospectus or amendment or supplement thereto, including documents incorporated by reference, to which such holders or their legal counsel shall object.

3.1.5 State Securities Laws Compliance. The Company shall use its best efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement under such securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of distribution) may request and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to enable the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this paragraph or subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction.

3.1.6 Agreements for Disposition. The Company shall enter into customary agreements (including, if applicable, an underwriting agreement in customary form) and take such other actions as are reasonably required in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable Securities. The representations, warranties and covenants of the Company in any underwriting agreement which are made to or for the benefit of any Underwriters, to the extent applicable, shall also be made to and for the benefit of the holders of Registrable Securities included in such registration statement. No holder of Registrable Securities included in such registration statement shall be required to make any representations or warranties in the underwriting agreement except, if applicable, with respect to such holders organization, good standing, authority, title to Registrable Securities, lack of conflict of such sale with such holders material agreements and organizational documents, and with respect to written information relating to such holder that such holder has furnished in writing expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement.

3.1.7 Cooperation. The principal executive officer of the Company, the principal financial officer of the Company, the principal accounting officer of the Company and all other officers and members of the management of the Company shall cooperate fully in any offering of Registrable Securities hereunder, which cooperation shall include, without limitation, the preparation of the Registration Statement with respect to such offering and all other offering materials and related documents, and participation in meetings with Underwriters, attorneys, accountants and potential investors.

3.1.8 Records. The Company shall make available for inspection by the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, any Underwriter participating in any disposition pursuant to such registration statement and any attorney, accountant or other professional retained by any holder of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement or any Underwriter, all financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company, as shall be necessary to enable them to exercise their due diligence responsibility, and cause the Companys officers, directors and employees to supply all information requested by any of them in connection with such Registration Statement.

6

3.1.9 Opinions and Comfort Letters. The Company shall furnish to each holder of Registrable Securities included in any Registration Statement a signed counterpart, addressed to such holder, of (i) any opinion of counsel to the Company delivered to any Underwriter and (ii) any comfort letter from the Companys independent public accountants delivered to any Underwriter. In the event no legal opinion is delivered to any Underwriter, the Company shall furnish to each holder of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, at any time that such holder elects to use a prospectus, an opinion of counsel to the Company to the effect that the Registration Statement containing such prospectus has been declared effective and that no stop order is in effect.

3.1.10 Earnings Statement. The Company shall comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and the Securities Act, and make available to its shareholders, as soon as practicable, an earnings statement covering a period of twelve (12) months, which earnings statement shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 thereunder.

3.1.11 Listing. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause all Registrable Securities included in any registration to be listed on such exchanges or otherwise designated for trading in the same manner as similar securities issued by the Company are then listed or designated or, if no such similar securities are then listed or designated, in a manner satisfactory to the holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities included in such registration.

3.1.12 Road Show. If the registration involves the registration of Registrable Securities in an Underwritten Offering under Section 2.1.3 above involving gross proceeds in excess of $15,000,000, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to make available senior executives of the Company to participate in customary road show presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in any underwritten offering.

3.2 Obligation to Suspend Distribution. Upon receipt of any notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 3.1.4(iv), or, in the case of a resale registration on Form S-3 pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof, upon any suspension by the Company, pursuant to a written insider trading compliance program adopted by the Companys Board of Directors, of the ability of all insiders covered by such program to transact in the Companys securities because of the existence of material non-public information, each holder of Registrable Securities included in any registration shall immediately discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement covering such Registrable Securities until such holder receives the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3.1.4(iv) or the restriction on the ability of insiders to transact in the Companys securities is removed, as applicable, and, if so directed by the Company, each such holder will deliver to the Company all written copies, other than permanent file copies then in such holders possession, of the most recent prospectus covering such Registrable Securities at the time of receipt of such notice.

3.3 Registration Expenses. The Company shall bear all costs and expenses incurred in connection with any Demand Registration pursuant to Section 2.1, any Piggy-Back Registration pursuant to Section 2.2, and any registration on Form S-3 effected pursuant to Section 2.3, and all expenses incurred in performing or complying with its other obligations under this Agreement, whether or not the Registration Statement becomes effective, including, without limitation: (i) all registration and filing fees; (ii) fees and expenses of compliance with securities or blue sky laws (including fees and disbursements of counsel in connection with blue sky qualifications of the Registrable Securities); (iii) printing expenses; (iv) the Companys internal expenses (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees); (v) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities as required by Section 3.1.11; (vi) Financial Industry Regulatory Authority fees; (vii) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company and fees and expenses for independent certified public accountants retained by the Company (including the expenses or costs associated with the delivery of any opinions or comfort letters requested pursuant to Section 3.1.9); (viii) the fees and expenses of any special experts retained by the Company in connection with such registration; and (ix) the fees and expenses of one legal counsel selected by the holders of a majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities included in such registration. The Company shall have no obligation to pay any underwriting discounts or selling commissions attributable to the Registrable Securities being sold by the holders thereof, which underwriting discounts or selling commissions shall be borne by such holders. Additionally, in an underwritten offering, all selling shareholders and the Company shall bear the expenses of the Underwriter pro rata in proportion to the respective amount of shares each is selling in such offering.

7

3.4 Information. The holders of Registrable Securities shall provide such information as may reasonably be requested by the Company, or the managing Underwriter, if any, in connection with the preparation of any Registration Statement, including amendments and supplements thereto, in order to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 2 and in connection with the Companys obligation to comply with federal and applicable state securities laws. Additionally, each holder of Registrable Securities confirms and agrees to comply with any and all prospectus delivery requirements under the Securities Act and rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.

4. INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION.

4.1 Indemnification by the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Investor and each other holder of Registrable Securities, and each of their respective officers, employees, affiliates, directors, partners, members, attorneys and agents, and each person, if any, who controls an Investor and each other holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) (each, an Investor Indemnified Party), from and against any expenses, losses, judgments, claims, damages or liabilities, whether joint or several, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement (or allegedly untrue statement) of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement under which the sale of such Registrable Securities was registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or summary prospectus contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement, or arising out of or based upon any omission (or alleged omission) to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or any violation by the Company of the Securities Act or any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder applicable to the Company and relating to action or inaction required of the Company in connection with any such registration; and the Company shall promptly reimburse the Investor Indemnified Party for any legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred by such Investor Indemnified Party in connection with investigating and defending any such expense, loss, judgment, claim, damage, liability or action whether or not any such person is a party to any such claim or action and including any and all legal and other expenses incurred in giving testimony or furnishing documents in response to a subpoena or otherwise; provided, however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such expense, loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based upon any untrue statement or allegedly untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in such Registration Statement, preliminary prospectus, final prospectus, or summary prospectus, or any such amendment or supplement, in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished to the Company, in writing, by such selling holder expressly for use therein. The Company also shall indemnify any Underwriter of the Registrable Securities, their officers, affiliates, directors, partners, members and agents and each person who controls such Underwriter on substantially the same basis as that of the indemnification provided above in this Section 4.1.

4.2 Indemnification by Holders of Registrable Securities. Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 4.4.3 hereof, each selling holder of Registrable Securities will, in the event that any registration is being effected under the Securities Act pursuant to this Agreement of any Registrable Securities held by such selling holder, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors and officers and each Underwriter (if any), and each other selling holder and each other person, if any, who controls another selling holder or such Underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act, against any losses, claims, judgments, damages or liabilities, whether joint or several, insofar as such losses, claims, judgments, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or allegedly untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement under which the sale of such Registrable Securities was registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or summary prospectus contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, or arise out of or are based upon any omission or the alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statement therein not misleading, if the statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by such selling holder expressly for use therein, and shall reimburse the Company, its directors and officers, and each other selling holder or controlling person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by any of them in connection with investigation or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action. Each selling holders indemnification obligations hereunder shall be several and not joint and shall be limited to the amount of any net proceeds actually received by such selling holder.

8

4.3 Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. Promptly after receipt by any person of any notice of any loss, claim, damage or liability or any action in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 4.1 or 4.2, such person (the Indemnified Party) shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against any other person for indemnification hereunder, notify such other person (the Indemnifying Party) in writing of the loss, claim, judgment, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the failure by the Indemnified Party to notify the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party from any liability which the Indemnifying Party may have to such Indemnified Party hereunder, except and solely to the extent the Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced by such failure. If the Indemnified Party is seeking indemnification with respect to any claim or action brought against the Indemnified Party, then the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate in such claim or action, and, to the extent that it wishes, jointly with all other Indemnifying Parties, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel satisfactory to the Indemnified Party. After notice from the Indemnifying Party to the Indemnified Party of its election to assume control of the defense of such claim or action, the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation; provided, however, that in any action in which both the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party are named as defendants, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel (but no more than one such separate counsel) to represent the Indemnified Party and its controlling persons who may be subject to liability arising out of any claim in respect of which indemnity may be sought by the Indemnified Party against the Indemnifying Party, with the fees and expenses of such counsel to be paid by such Indemnifying Party if, based upon the written advice of counsel of such Indemnified Party, representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them. No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, consent to entry of judgment or effect any settlement of any claim or pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which the Indemnified Party is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Party, unless such judgment or settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability arising out of such claim or proceeding.

4.4 Contribution.

4.4.1 If the indemnification provided for in the foregoing Sections 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 is unavailable to any Indemnified Party in respect of any loss, claim, damage, liability or action referred to herein, then each such Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage, liability or action in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnified Parties and the Indemnifying Parties in connection with the actions or omissions which resulted in such loss, claim, damage, liability or action, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of any Indemnified Party and any Indemnifying Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by such Indemnified Party or such Indemnifying Party and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission.

4.4.2 The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 4.4 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding Section 4.4.1.

4.4.3 The amount paid or payable by an Indemnified Party as a result of any loss, claim, damage, liability or action referred to in the immediately preceding paragraph shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 4.4, no holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the dollar amount of the net proceeds (after payment of any underwriting fees, discounts, commissions or taxes) actually received by such holder from the sale of Registrable Securities which gave rise to such contribution obligation. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) with respect to any action shall be entitled to contribution in such action from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

9

5. UNDERWRITING AND DISTRIBUTION.

5.1 Rule 144. The Company covenants that it shall file any reports required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and shall take such further action as the holders of Registrable Securities may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such holders to sell Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission.

6. MISCELLANEOUS.

6.1 Other Registration Rights. The Company represents and warrants that no person, other than the holders of the Registrable Securities, has any right to require the Company to register any shares of the Companys capital stock for sale or to include shares of the Companys capital stock in any registration filed by the Company for the sale of shares of capital stock for its own account or for the account of any other person.

6.2 Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned or delegated by the Company in whole or in part. This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of the holders of Registrable Securities hereunder may be freely assigned or delegated by such holder of Registrable Securities in conjunction with and to the extent of any transfer of Registrable Securities by any such holder. This Agreement and the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties, to the permitted assigns of the Investors or holder of Registrable Securities or of any assignee of the Investors or holder of Registrable Securities. This Agreement is not intended to confer any rights or benefits on any persons that are not party hereto other than as expressly set forth in Article 4 and this Section 6.2.

6.3 Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals or other communications (collectively, Notices) required or permitted to be given hereunder or which are given with respect to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be personally served, delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, telex or facsimile, addressed as set forth below, or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Notice shall be deemed given on the date of service or transmission if personally served or transmitted by telegram, telex or facsimile; provided, that if such service or transmission is not on a business day or is after normal business hours, then such notice shall be deemed given on the next business day. Notice otherwise sent as provided herein shall be deemed given on the next business day following timely delivery of such notice to a reputable air courier service with an order for next-day delivery.

To the Company:

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

39 E Broadway, Ste 603

New York, NY 10002

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

with a copy to:

Becker & Poliakoff, P.A.

45 Broadway, 17th Floor

New York, NY 10006

Attn: Bill Huo, Esq.

To an Investor to the address set forth below such Investors name on Exhibit A hereto.

10

6.4 Severability. This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible that is valid and enforceable.

6.5 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of a signed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or email/pdf transmission shall constitute valid and sufficient delivery thereof.

6.6 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including all agreements entered into pursuant hereto and all certificates and instruments delivered pursuant hereto and thereto) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements, representations, understandings, negotiations and discussions between the parties, whether oral or written.

6.7 Modifications and Amendments. No amendment, modification or termination of this Agreement shall be binding upon any party unless executed in writing by such party.

6.8 Titles and Headings. Titles and headings of sections of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of any provision of this Agreement.

6.9 Waivers and Extensions. Any party to this Agreement may waive any right, breach or default which such party has the right to waive, provided that such waiver will not be effective against the waiving party unless it is in writing, is signed by such party, and specifically refers to this Agreement. Waivers may be made in advance or after the right waived has arisen or the breach or default waived has occurred. Any waiver may be conditional. No waiver of any breach of any agreement or provision herein contained shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach thereof nor of any other agreement or provision herein contained. No waiver or extension of time for performance of any obligations or acts shall be deemed a waiver or extension of the time for performance of any other obligations or acts.

6.10 Remedies Cumulative. In the event that the Company fails to observe or perform any covenant or agreement to be observed or performed under this Agreement, the Investor or any other holder of Registrable Securities may proceed to protect and enforce its rights by suit in equity or action at law, whether for specific performance of any term contained in this Agreement or for an injunction against the breach of any such term or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Agreement or to enforce any other legal or equitable right, or to take any one or more of such actions, without being required to post a bond. None of the rights, powers or remedies conferred under this Agreement shall be mutually exclusive, and each such right, power or remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to any other right, power or remedy, whether conferred by this Agreement or now or hereafter available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise.

6.11 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted under, and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed within the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice-of-law provisions thereof that would compel the application of the substantive laws of any other jurisdiction. The Company irrevocably submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of any New York State or United States Federal court sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement. The Company irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

6.12 Waiver of Trial by Jury. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER PROCEEDING (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY, OR THE ACTIONS OF THE INVESTOR IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be executed and delivered by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first written above.

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/
Jialuan Ma

Name: Jialuan Ma

Title: Chief Executive Officer

UY Scuti investments Limited

By: /s/
Guojian Zhang

Name: Guojian Zhang

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

12

EXHIBIT A

Name and Address of Investor or Underwriter Securities

UY Scuti investments Limited 

1,437,500 Ordinary Shares 227,500 Private Units

(240,848 Private Units if the Over-

Allotment Option is exercised in full)

A-1
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>uyscuti_ex10-4.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP.

PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNIT SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This PRIVATE PLACEMENT UNIT SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of this March 31, 2025, by and between UY Scuti Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), having its principal place of business at 340 East 64th Street, Apt 5P, New York, NY 10065 and UY Scuti Investments Limited, a British Virgin Islands company (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, the Company desires to sell on a private placement basis (the Offering) an aggregate of up to 227,500 units (the Initial Units) of the Company, and up to an additional 13,348 Units (Additional Units and together with the Initial Units, the Units) of the Company in the event that the underwriters 45-day over-allotment option (Over-Allotment Option) in the Offering is exercised in full or part, each Unit comprised of one ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (the Ordinary Shares), and one right (the Right), for a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one Ordinary Share (the Right Shares) to be governed by the Rights Agreement (defined herein).

WHEREAS, the Purchaser desires to purchase the 227,500 Initial Units and up to 13,348 Additional Units and the Company wishes to accept such subscription.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser hereby agree as follows:

1. Agreement to Subscribe

1.1. Purchase and Issuance of the Units. For the aggregate sum of $2,275,000 (the Initial Purchase Price), upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase from the Company, and the Company hereby agrees to sell to the Purchaser, on the Closing Date (as defined in Section 1.2) 227,500 Initial Units at $10.00 per Initial Unit.

In addition to the foregoing, the Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase up to an additional 13,348 Additional Units at $10.00 per Additional Unit for a purchase price of up to $133,480 (the Additional Purchase Price and together with the Initial Purchase Price, the Purchase Price). The purchase and issuance of the Additional Units shall occur only in the event that the Over-Allotment Option is exercised in full or part. The total number of Additional Units to be purchased hereunder shall be in the same proportion as the amount of the Over-Allotment Option that is exercised. Each purchase of Additional Units shall occur simultaneously with the consummation of any portion of the Over-Allotment Option.

1.2. Closing. The closing of the purchase and sale of the Initial Units shall take place at the offices of Becker & Poliakoff, P.A., 45 Broadway, 17th Floor New York, New York, 10006 simultaneously with the consummation of the Companys initial public offering (IPO) of 5,000,000 units consisting of Ordinary Shares and Rights and the purchase and sale of the Additional Units shall take place upon the consummation of the exercise of all or any portion of the Over-Allotment Option (each a Closing Date).

1.3. Delivery of the Purchase Price. At least one business day prior to the effective date of the Companys registration statement relating to the IPO (Registration Statement), or the date of the exercise of the Over-Allotment Option, if any, the Purchaser agrees to deliver the Initial Purchase Price or Additional Purchase Price, as the case may be, by certified bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds denominated in United States Dollars to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the Companys transfer agent, which is hereby irrevocably authorized to deposit such funds on the applicable Closing Date to the trust account which will be established for the benefit of the Companys public shareholders, managed pursuant to that certain Investment Management Trust Agreement to be entered into by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the IPO will be deposited (the Trust Account). If the IPO is not consummated within 14 days of the date the Initial Purchase Price is delivered to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, the Initial Purchase Price shall be returned to the Purchaser by certified bank check or wire transfer of immediately available funds denominated in United States Dollars, without interest or deduction.

1.4. Delivery of Unit Certificate. Upon the applicable Closing Date after delivery of the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1.3, the Purchaser shall become irrevocably entitled to receive a unit certificate representing the Units purchased hereunder.

2. Representations and Warranties
of the Purchaser

The Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company that:

2.1. No Government Recommendation or Approval. It understands that no United States federal or state agency or similar agency of any other country has passed upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Company, the Offering, the Units, the Rights, the Right Shares or the Ordinary Shares underlying the Units (excluding the Right Shares, the Unit Shares and, collectively with the Units and the Right Shares, the Securities).

2.2. Organization. It is an exempted company, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands and possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2.3. Private Offering. It is an accredited investor as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or it is not a U.S. Person as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S (Regulation S) under the Securities Act. It acknowledges that the sale contemplated hereby is being made in reliance on a private placement exemption to Accredited Investors within the meaning of Section 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act and similar exemptions under state law or a non-U.S. Person under Regulation S.

2.4. Authority. This Agreement has been validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Purchaser and is a valid and binding agreement enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding at law or in equity).

2.5. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby do not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) the Purchasers organizational documents, (ii) any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Purchaser is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to which the Purchaser is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Purchaser is subject.

2.6. No Legal Advice from Company. It acknowledges it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto with its own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. Except for any statements or representations of the Company made in this Agreement and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto, it is relying solely on such counsel and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its representatives or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the securities laws of any jurisdiction. Purchaser understands and acknowledges that the law firm of Becker & Poliakoff, P.A. is not acting as counsel or providing legal advice to Purchaser.

2.7. Access to Information; Independent Investigation. Prior to the execution of this Agreement, it has had the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from representatives of the Company concerning an investment in the Company, as well as the finances, operations, business and prospects of the Company, and the opportunity to obtain additional information to verify the accuracy of all information so obtained. In determining whether to make this investment, it has relied solely on its own knowledge and understanding of the Company and its business based upon its own due diligence investigation and the information furnished pursuant to this paragraph. It understands that no person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representations which were not furnished pursuant to this Section 2 and it has not relied on any other representations or information in making its investment decision, whether written or oral, relating to the Company, its operations and/or its prospects.

2

2.8. Reliance on Representations and Warranties. It understands the Units are being offered and sold to it in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements under the Securities Act, and analogous provisions in the laws and regulations of various states, and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Purchaser set forth in this Agreement in order to determine the applicability of such provisions.

2.9. No Advertisements. It is not subscribing for the Units as a result of or subsequent to any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or presented at any seminar or meeting.

2.10. Legend. It acknowledges and agrees the certificates evidencing the Units, the Shares and the Rights shall bear a restrictive legend (the Legend), in form and substance as set forth in Section 4 hereof, prohibiting the offer, sale, pledge or transfer of the securities, except (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement covering these securities under the Securities Act or (ii) pursuant to any other exemptions from the registration requirements under the Securities Act and such laws which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, is available.

2.11. Experience, Financial Capability and Suitability. It is (i) sophisticated in financial matters and is able to evaluate the risks and benefits of the investment in the Securities and (ii) able to bear the economic risk of his investment in the Securities for an indefinite period of time because the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act and therefore cannot be sold unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available. It has substantial experience in evaluating and investing in transactions of securities in companies similar to the Company so that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Company and has the capacity to protect its own interests. It has substantial experience in evaluating and investing in transactions of securities in companies similar to the Company so that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in the Company and has the capacity to protect its own interests.

2.12. Investment Purposes. It is purchasing the Securities solely for investment purposes, for its own account and not for the account or benefit of any other person, and not with a view towards the distribution or dissemination thereof and it has no present arrangement to sell the interest in the Securities to or through any person or entity.

2.13. Restrictions on Transfer. It acknowledges and understands the Units are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act. The Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act, and, if in the future, it decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities, such Securities may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only (A) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, (B) pursuant to an exemption from registration under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (Rule 144), if available, or (C) pursuant to any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction. Absent registration or another available exemption from registration, it agrees it will not resell the Securities. It further acknowledges that because the Company is a shell company, Rule 144 may not be available to it for the resale of the Securities until the one-year anniversary following consummation of the initial Business Combination (defined below) of the Company, despite technical compliance with the requirements of Rule 144 and the release or waiver of any contractual transfer restrictions.

3. Representations and Warranties
of the Company

The Company represents and warrants to the Purchaser that:

3.1. Valid Issuance of Share Capital. The total number of all classes of share capital which the Company has authority to issue is 490,000,000 Ordinary Shares, and 10,000,000 undesignated preference shares. As of the date hereof, the Company has issued 1,437,500 ordinary shares (of which up to 187,500 ordinary shares are subject to forfeiture as described in the Registration Statement related to the IPO) and has not issued any preference shares. All of the issued share capital of the Company has been duly authorized, validly issued, and are fully paid and non-assessable.

3

3.2. Title to Securities. Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof, the rights agreement to be entered into with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company on or prior to the closing of the IPO (the Rights Agreement) and the Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, as the case may be, each of the Rights and the Ordinary Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. On the date of issuance of the Units and the Right Shares shall have been reserved for issuance. Upon issuance in accordance with the terms hereof, the Rights Agreement and the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, the Purchaser will have or receive good title to the Right Shares, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind other than (i) transfer restrictions hereunder and pursuant to the insider letter to be entered into on or prior to the closing of the IPO (the Insider Letter) and (ii) transfer restrictions under federal and state securities laws.

3.3. Organization and Qualification. The Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a Cayman Islands exempted company and has the requisite corporate power to own its properties and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted.

3.4. Authorization; Enforcement. (i) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, (ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no further consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or shareholders is required, and (iii) this Agreement constitutes, and upon the execution and delivery thereof, the Rights and Rights Agreement, will constitute, valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by equitable principles of general application and except as enforcement of rights to indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or principles of public policy.

3.5. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby do not (i) result in a violation of the Companys Memorandum and Articles of Association, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default under any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company is a party or (iii) conflict with any law statute, rule or regulation to which the Company is subject or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the Company is subject. Other than any federal, state or foreign securities filings which may be required to be made by the Company subsequent to the Closing, and any registration statement which may be filed pursuant thereto, the Company is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory entity in order for it to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or issue the Units, the Rights, or the Ordinary Shares underlying the Units or Rights in accordance with the terms hereof.

4. Legends

4.1. Legend. The Company will issue the Units, the Rights and the Unit Shares, and when issued, the Right Shares, purchased by the Purchaser, in the name of the Purchaser. The Securities will bear the following Legend and appropriate stop transfer instructions:

THESE SECURITIES (i) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (A) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FILED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (B) TO A NON-U.S. PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) PURSUANT TO THE RESALE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN RULE 905 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

4

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO A LETTER AGREEMENT BETWEEN UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP. AND UY SCUTI INVESTMENTS LIMITED AND MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED DURING THE TERM OF THE LOCKUP PURSUANT TO THE TERMS SET FORTH THEREIN.

4.2. Purchasers Compliance. Nothing in this Section 4 shall affect in any way the Purchasers obligations and agreements to comply with all applicable securities laws upon resale of the Securities.

4.3. Companys Refusal to Register Transfer of the Securities. The Company shall refuse to register any transfer of the Securities, if in the sole judgment of the Company such purported transfer would not be made (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, or (ii) pursuant to an available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

4.4. Registration Rights. The Purchaser will be entitled to certain registration rights which will be governed by a registration rights agreement (Registration Rights Agreement) to be entered into with the Company on or prior to the closing of the IPO.

5. Lockup

The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Units, the Rights, the Unit Shares, and the Right Shares shall not be transferable, saleable or assignable until thirty (30) days after the consummation of an acquisition, share exchange, purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of, or any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (a Business Combination), except to permitted transferees (as defined in the Insider Letter).

6. Securities Laws Restrictions

The Purchaser agrees not to sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the Securities unless, prior thereto (a) a registration statement on the appropriate form under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws with respect to the Securities proposed to be transferred shall then be effective or (b) the Company shall have received an opinion from counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company, that such registration is not required because such transaction complies with the Securities Act and the rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder and with all applicable state securities laws.

7. Waiver of Distributions from Trust Account

In connection with the Securities purchased pursuant to this Agreement, the Purchaser hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any distributions from the Trust Account.

8. Rescission Right Waiver and Indemnification

8.1. Rescission Waiver. The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act requires there be no general solicitation of purchasers of the Units. In this regard, if the Offering were deemed to be a general solicitation with respect to the Units, the offer and sale of such Units may not be exempt from registration and, if not, the Purchaser may have a right to rescind its purchase of the Units. In order to facilitate the completion of the Offering and in order to protect the Company, its shareholders and the Trust Account from claims that may adversely affect the Company or the interests of its shareholders, the Purchaser hereby agrees to waive, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, any claims, right to sue or rights in law or arbitration, as the case may be, to seek rescission of its purchase of the Units as a result of the issuance of the Units being deemed to be in violation of Section 5 of the Securities Act. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees this waiver is being made in order to induce the Company to sell the Units to the Purchaser. The Purchaser agrees the foregoing waiver of rescission rights shall apply to any and all known or unknown actions, causes of action, suits, claims or proceedings (collectively, Claims) and related losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, whether compensatory, consequential or exemplary, and expenses in connection therewith, including reasonable attorneys and expert witness fees and disbursements and all other expenses reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any Claims, whether pending or threatened, in connection with any present or future actual or asserted right to rescind the purchase of the Units hereunder or relating to the purchase of the Units and the transactions contemplated hereby.

5

8.2. No Recourse Against Trust Account. The Purchaser agrees not to seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever in connection with its purchase of the Units or any Claim that may arise now or in the future.

8.3. Section 8 Waiver. The Purchaser agrees that to the extent any waiver of rights under this Section 8 is ineffective as a matter of law, the Purchaser has offered such waiver for the benefit of the Company as an equitable right that shall survive any statutory disqualification or bar that applies to a legal right. The Purchaser acknowledges the receipt and sufficiency of consideration received from the Company hereunder in this regard.

9. Terms of the Unit

The Units shall be substantially identical to the Units offered in the IPO as set forth in the Underwriting Agreement between the Company and Maxim Group LLC as representative of the underwriters, except the Units: (i) will be subject to the transfer restrictions described herein, and (ii) are being purchased pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and will become freely tradable only after certain conditions are met or the resale of the Units is registered under the Securities Act.

10. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York for agreements made and to be wholly performed within such territory. The parties hereto hereby waive any right to a jury trial in connection with any litigation pursuant to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.

11. Assignment; Entire Agreement; Amendment

11.1. Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be assigned by any party to any other person other than by the Purchaser, without the prior consent of the Company, to one or more persons agreeing to be bound by the terms hereof. Upon such assignment by a Purchaser, the assignee(s) shall become Purchaser hereunder and have the rights and obligations provided for herein to the extent of such assignment.

11.2. Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior discussions, agreements and understandings of any and every nature.

11.3. Amendment. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated other than by a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, waiver, discharge or termination is sought.

11.4. Binding upon Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

12. Notices; Indemnity

12.1 Notices. All notices, requests, consents and other communications hereunder shall be in writing, shall be addressed to the receiving partys address set forth herein or to such other address as a party may designate by notice hereunder, and shall be either (a) delivered by hand, (b) sent by overnight courier, or (c) sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices, requests, consents and other communications hereunder shall be deemed to have been given either (i) if by hand, at the time of the delivery thereof to the receiving party at the address of such party set forth above, (ii) if sent by overnight courier, on the next business day following the day such notice is delivered to the courier service, or (iii) if sent by certified mail, on the fifth business day following the day such mailing is made.

12.2 Indemnification. Except as set forth in Section 8, each party shall indemnify the other party against any loss, cost or damages (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) incurred as a result of such partys breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement set forth in this Agreement.

6

13. Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or any other form of electronic delivery, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such signature page were an original thereof.

14. Survival; Severability

14.1. Survival. The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the parties hereto shall survive the Closing until one (1) year following the consummation of an initial Business Combination.

14.2. Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision; provided that no such severability shall be effective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement to any party.

15. Headings

The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.

16. Construction

The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement will be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any party hereto because of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. The words include, includes, and including will be deemed to be followed by without limitation. Pronouns in masculine, feminine, and neuter genders will be construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include the plural and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. The words this Agreement, herein, hereof, hereby, hereunder, and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular subdivision unless expressly so limited. The parties hereto intend that each representation, warranty, and covenant contained herein will have independent significance. If any party hereto has breached any representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein in any respect, the fact that there exists another representation, warranty or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless of the relative levels of specificity) which such party hereto has not breached will not detract from or mitigate the fact that such party hereto is in breach of the first representation, warranty, or covenant.

[remainder of page intentionally left blank]

7

This subscription is accepted by the Company as of the date first written above.

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Jialuan Ma

Name: Jialuan Ma

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Accepted and agreed this

31st day of March, 2025

UY Scuti investments Limited 

By: /s/
Guojian Zhang 

Name: Guojian Zhang 

Title: Director 

[Signature Page for Private Placement Unit Subscription Agreement]

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>uyscuti_ex10-5.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

Execution Version

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this
Agreement) is made on March 31, 2025.

Between:

(1) UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP., an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with registered office at Overseas Company Services (Cayman) Limited, Suite 2206, Cassia Court, 72 Market Street, Camana Bay, P.O. Box 32303, Grand Cayman KY1-1209, Cayman Islands (the Company); and 

(2) Daniel John Paul Peart (Indemnitee).

Whereas:

(A) Highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such corporations;

(B) The board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among publicly traded corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself. The second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (the Articles) provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company;

(C) The uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

(D) The Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

(E) It is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

(F) This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company under the Articles and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

(G) Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director of the Company without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of
March 31, 2025 between the Company and Indemnitee pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement between the Company and the representative
of the underwriters in connection with the Companys initial public offering, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant
and agree as follows:

1 SERVICES TO THE COMPANY

Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, investment advisor, administrator or liquidator of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected, appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, investment advisor, administrator or liquidator of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2 DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement:

2.1 References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, advisor, fiduciary or other official of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company.

2.2 The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

2.3 A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(a) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of Hercules Capital Management Corp, any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (c) of this definition;

(b) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof (collectively, the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

2

(c) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of Hercules Capital Management Corp, no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(d) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

(e) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

2.4 Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

2.5 Cayman Court shall mean the Courts of the Cayman Islands.

2.6 Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

2.7 Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

2.8 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

2.9 Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

3

2.10 Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporate law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

2.11 References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

2.12 The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined below) of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company.

2.13 The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative, or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or of any action (or failure to act) on his part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

2.14 The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

2.15 References to the phrase to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in this Agreement shall include, but not be limited to: (i) to the fullest extent permitted by any provision of the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act) or the corresponding provision of any successor statute, and (ii) to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the Companies Act adopted after the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors.

4

3 INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided that Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

4 INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided that Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification.

5 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Section 5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.

5

7 ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION

7.1 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification shall be available under this Section 7.1 on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

8 CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY

8.1 To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving rise to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses.

9 EXCLUSIONS

Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law;

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14.5 and 14.6 hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. Indemnitee shall seek payments or advances from the Company only to the extent that such payments or advances are unavailable from any insurance policy of the Company covering Indemnitee.

(d) to the extent that Indemnitee is indemnified and actually received such payment other than pursuant to this Agreement;

6

(e) in connection with a judicial action by or in the right of the Company, in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which the Indemnitee shall have been adjudicated by final judgment in a court of law to be liable for fraud or willful neglect or dishonesty in the performance of his duty to the Company unless and only to the extent that any court in which such action was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, the Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such Expenses as such court shall deem proper; or

(f) for any judgment, fine or penalty which the Company is prohibited by applicable law from paying as indemnification.

10 ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM

10.1 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10.1 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

10.2 The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

10.3 The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

11 PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

11.1 Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

11.2 Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12.1 of this Agreement.

7

12 PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

12.1 A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred, (x) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (y) by a committee of Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, or (z) if there are no Disinterested Directors, or if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (ii) if a Change in Control has occurred, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company will promptly advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify Indemnitee therefrom.

12.2 In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12.2. The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11.2 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 12.1 hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

12.3 The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13 PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS

13.1 In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11.2 of this Agreement, and the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

8

13.2 If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

13.3 The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

13.4 For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, managers, managing members, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager, or managing member or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

13.5 The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

14 REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE

14.1 In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12.1 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court of his entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

9

14.2 In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified or to receive advances of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

14.3 If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

14.4 The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

14.5 The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee (i) to enforce his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Articles now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

14.6 Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at a rate to be agreed between the Company and the Indemnitee for amounts which the Company indemnifies, or is obliged to indemnify for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

15 SECURITY

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

10

16 NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION

16.1 The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Articles or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

16.2 The Articles permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements (Indemnification Arrangements) insuring the Companys directors, officers, auditors and/or trustee of an employee benefit scheme of the Company against any liability asserted against him or incurred by or on behalf of him (other than liability arising out of that persons own dishonesty) or in their respective capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

16.3 To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

16.4 In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

16.5 The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

11

17 DURATION OF AGREEMENT

All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

18 SEVERABILITY

If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19 ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT

19.1 The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director or officer of the Company.

19.2 Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Articles as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

19.3 The indemnification and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

19.4 The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

12

19.5 The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking.

20 MODIFICATION AND WAIVER

No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

21 NOTICES

All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

39 E Broadway, Ste 603

New York, NY 10002

Attn: Ken Lu

Telephone: (412)-947-0514

Email: kenlu@uysacquisition.com

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Becker & Poliakoff P.C.

45 Broadway, 17th Floor

New York, NY 10006

212 599 3322

Attn: Bill Huo, Esq.

or to any other address as may have been
furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

13

22 APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION

This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the Cayman Islands, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial.

23 IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24 MISCELLANEOUS

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25 ADDITIONAL ACTS

If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfil its obligations under this Agreement.

26 WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT

Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

27 MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE

The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

14

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed on the day and year first above written.

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/
Jialuan Ma 

Name: Jialuan Ma 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

By: /s/
Daniel John Paul Peart 

Name: Daniel John Paul Peart 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement]

15

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is made on March 31, 2025.

Between:

(1) UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP., an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with registered office at Overseas Company Services (Cayman) Limited, Suite 2206, Cassia Court, 72 Market Street, Camana Bay, P.O. Box 32303, Grand Cayman KY1-1209, Cayman Islands (the Company); and 

(2) Jialuan Ma (Indemnitee).

Whereas:

(A) Highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such corporations;

(B) The board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among publicly traded corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself. The second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (the Articles) provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company;

(C) The uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

(D) The Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

(E) It is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

(F) This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company under the Articles and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

(G) Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director of the Company without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified.

16

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of March 31, 2025 between the Company and Indemnitee pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement between the Company and the representative of the underwriters in connection with the Companys initial public offering, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1 SERVICES TO THE COMPANY

Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, investment advisor, administrator or liquidator of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected, appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, investment advisor, administrator or liquidator of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2 DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement:

2.1 References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, advisor, fiduciary or other official of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company.

2.2 The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

2.3 A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(a) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of Hercules Capital Management Corp, any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (c) of this definition;

(b) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof (collectively, the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

17

(c) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of Hercules Capital Management Corp, no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(d) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

(e) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

2.4 Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

2.5 Cayman Court shall mean the Courts of the Cayman Islands.

2.6 Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

2.7 Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

2.8 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

2.9 Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

18

2.10 Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporate law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

2.11 References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

2.12 The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined below) of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company.

2.13 The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative, or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or of any action (or failure to act) on his part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

2.14 The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

2.15 References to the phrase to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in this Agreement shall include, but not be limited to: (i) to the fullest extent permitted by any provision of the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act) or the corresponding provision of any successor statute, and (ii) to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the Companies Act adopted after the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors.

19

3 INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided that Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

4 INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided that Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification.

5 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Section 5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.

20

7 ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION

7.1 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification shall be available under this Section 7.1 on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

8 CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY

8.1 To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving rise to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses.

9 EXCLUSIONS

Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law;

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14.5 and 14.6 hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. Indemnitee shall seek payments or advances from the Company only to the extent that such payments or advances are unavailable from any insurance policy of the Company covering Indemnitee.

(d) to the extent that Indemnitee is indemnified and actually received such payment other than pursuant to this Agreement;

21

(e) in connection with a judicial action by or in the right of the Company, in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which the Indemnitee shall have been adjudicated by final judgment in a court of law to be liable for fraud or willful neglect or dishonesty in the performance of his duty to the Company unless and only to the extent that any court in which such action was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, the Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such Expenses as such court shall deem proper; or

(f) for any judgment, fine or penalty which the Company is prohibited by applicable law from paying as indemnification.

10 ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM

10.1 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10.1 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

10.2 The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

10.3 The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

11 PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

11.1 Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

11.2 Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12.1 of this Agreement.

22

12 PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

12.1 A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred, (x) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (y) by a committee of Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, or (z) if there are no Disinterested Directors, or if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (ii) if a Change in Control has occurred, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company will promptly advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify Indemnitee therefrom.

12.2 In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12.2. The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11.2 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 12.1 hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

12.3 The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13 PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS

13.1 In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11.2 of this Agreement, and the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

23

13.2 If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

13.3 The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

13.4 For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, managers, managing members, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager, or managing member or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

13.5 The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

14 REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE

14.1 In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12.1 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court of his entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

24

14.2 In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified or to receive advances of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

14.3 If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

14.4 The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

14.5 The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee (i) to enforce his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Articles now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

14.6 Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at a rate to be agreed between the Company and the Indemnitee for amounts which the Company indemnifies, or is obliged to indemnify for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

15 SECURITY

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

25

16 NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION

16.1 The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Articles or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

16.2 The Articles permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements (Indemnification Arrangements) insuring the Companys directors, officers, auditors and/or trustee of an employee benefit scheme of the Company against any liability asserted against him or incurred by or on behalf of him (other than liability arising out of that persons own dishonesty) or in their respective capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

16.3 To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

16.4 In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

16.5 The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

26

17 DURATION OF AGREEMENT

All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

18 SEVERABILITY

If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19 ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT

19.1 The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director or officer of the Company.

19.2 Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Articles as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

19.3 The indemnification and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

19.4 The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

27

19.5 The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking.

20 MODIFICATION AND WAIVER

No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

21 NOTICES

All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

39 E Broadway, Ste 603

New York, NY 10002

Attn: Ken Lu

Telephone: (412)-947-0514

Email: kenlu@uysacquisition.com

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Becker & Poliakoff P.C.

45 Broadway, 17th Floor

New York, NY 10006

212 599 3322

Attn: Bill Huo, Esq.

or to any other address as may have been
furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

28

22 APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION

This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the Cayman Islands, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial.

23 IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24 MISCELLANEOUS

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25 ADDITIONAL ACTS

If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfil its obligations under this Agreement.

26 WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT

Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

27 MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE

The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

29

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed on the day and year first above written.

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/Jialuan Ma 

Name: Jialuan Ma 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

By: /s/Jialuan Ma 

Name: Jialuan Ma 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement]

30

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this
Agreement) is made on March 31, 2025.

Between:

(1) UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP., an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with registered office at Overseas Company Services (Cayman) Limited, Suite 2206, Cassia Court, 72 Market Street, Camana Bay, P.O. Box 32303, Grand Cayman KY1-1209, Cayman Islands (the Company); and 

(2) Jiawen Zhao (Indemnitee).

Whereas:

(A) Highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such corporations;

(B) The board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among publicly traded corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself. The second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (the Articles) provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company;

(C) The uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

(D) The Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

(E) It is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

(F) This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company under the Articles and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

(G) Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director of the Company without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified.

31

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of March 31, 2025 between the Company and Indemnitee pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement between the Company and the representative of the underwriters in connection with the Companys initial public offering, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1 SERVICES TO THE COMPANY

Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, investment advisor, administrator or liquidator of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected, appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, investment advisor, administrator or liquidator of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2 DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement:

2.1 References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, advisor, fiduciary or other official of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company.

2.2 The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

2.3 A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(a) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of Hercules Capital Management Corp, any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (c) of this definition;

(b) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof (collectively, the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

32

(c) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of Hercules Capital Management Corp, no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(d) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

(e) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

2.4 Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

2.5 Cayman Court shall mean the Courts of the Cayman Islands.

2.6 Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

2.7 Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

2.8 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

2.9 Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

33

2.10 Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporate law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

2.11 References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

2.12 The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined below) of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company.

2.13 The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative, or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or of any action (or failure to act) on his part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

2.14 The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

2.15 References to the phrase to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in this Agreement shall include, but not be limited to: (i) to the fullest extent permitted by any provision of the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act) or the corresponding provision of any successor statute, and (ii) to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the Companies Act adopted after the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors.

34

3 INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided that Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

4 INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided that Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification.

5 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Section 5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.

35

7 ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION

7.1 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification shall be available under this Section 7.1 on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

8 CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY

8.1 To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving rise to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses.

9 EXCLUSIONS

Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law;

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14.5 and 14.6 hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. Indemnitee shall seek payments or advances from the Company only to the extent that such payments or advances are unavailable from any insurance policy of the Company covering Indemnitee.

(d) to the extent that Indemnitee is indemnified and actually received such payment other than pursuant to this Agreement;

36

(e) in connection with a judicial action by or in the right of the Company, in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which the Indemnitee shall have been adjudicated by final judgment in a court of law to be liable for fraud or willful neglect or dishonesty in the performance of his duty to the Company unless and only to the extent that any court in which such action was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, the Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such Expenses as such court shall deem proper; or

(f) for any judgment, fine or penalty which the Company is prohibited by applicable law from paying as indemnification.

10 ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM

10.1 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10.1 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

10.2 The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

10.3 The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

11 PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

11.1 Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

11.2 Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12.1 of this Agreement.

37

12 PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

12.1 A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred, (x) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (y) by a committee of Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, or (z) if there are no Disinterested Directors, or if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (ii) if a Change in Control has occurred, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company will promptly advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify Indemnitee therefrom.

12.2 In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12.2. The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11.2 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 12.1 hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

12.3 The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13 PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS

13.1 In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11.2 of this Agreement, and the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

38

13.2 If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

13.3 The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

13.4 For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, managers, managing members, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager, or managing member or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

13.5 The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

14 REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE

14.1 In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12.1 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court of his entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

39

14.2 In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified or to receive advances of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

14.3 If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

14.4 The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

14.5 The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee (i) to enforce his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Articles now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

14.6 Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at a rate to be agreed between the Company and the Indemnitee for amounts which the Company indemnifies, or is obliged to indemnify for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

15 SECURITY

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

40

16 NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION

16.1 The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Articles or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

16.2 The Articles permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements (Indemnification Arrangements) insuring the Companys directors, officers, auditors and/or trustee of an employee benefit scheme of the Company against any liability asserted against him or incurred by or on behalf of him (other than liability arising out of that persons own dishonesty) or in their respective capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

16.3 To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

16.4 In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

16.5 The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

41

17 DURATION OF AGREEMENT

All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

18 SEVERABILITY

If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19 ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT

19.1 The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director or officer of the Company.

19.2 Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Articles as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

19.3 The indemnification and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

19.4 The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

42

19.5 The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking.

20 MODIFICATION AND WAIVER

No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

21 NOTICES

All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

39 E Broadway, Ste 603

New York, NY 10002

Attn: Ken Lu

Telephone: (412)-947-0514

Email: kenlu@uysacquisition.com

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Becker & Poliakoff P.C.

45 Broadway, 17th Floor

New York, NY 10006

212 599 3322

Attn: Bill Huo, Esq.

or to any other address as may have been
furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

43

22 APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION

This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the Cayman Islands, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial.

23 IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24 MISCELLANEOUS

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25 ADDITIONAL ACTS

If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfil its obligations under this Agreement.

26 WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT

Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

27 MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE

The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

44

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed on the day and year first above written.

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Jialuan Ma 

Name: Jialuan Ma 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

By: /s/ Jiawen Zhao 

Name: Jiawen Zhao 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement]

45

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is made on March 31, 2025.

Between:

(1) UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP., an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with registered office at Overseas Company Services (Cayman) Limited, Suite 2206, Cassia Court, 72 Market Street, Camana Bay, P.O. Box 32303, Grand Cayman KY1-1209, Cayman Islands (the Company); and 

(2) Shaokang Lu (Indemnitee).

Whereas:

(A) Highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such corporations;

(B) The board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among publicly traded corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself. The second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (the Articles) provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company;

(C) The uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

(D) The Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

(E) It is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

(F) This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company under the Articles and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

(G) Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director of the Company without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified.

46

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of March 31, 2025 between the Company and Indemnitee pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement between the Company and the
representative of the underwriters in connection with the Companys initial public offering, the Company and Indemnitee do
hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1 SERVICES TO THE COMPANY

Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, investment advisor, administrator or liquidator of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected, appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, investment advisor, administrator or liquidator of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2 DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement:

2.1 References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, advisor, fiduciary or other official of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company.

2.2 The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

2.3 A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(a) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of Hercules Capital Management Corp, any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (c) of this definition;

(b) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof (collectively, the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

47

(c) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of Hercules Capital Management Corp, no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(d) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

(e) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

2.4 Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

2.5 Cayman Court shall mean the Courts of the Cayman Islands.

2.6 Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

2.7 Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

2.8 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

2.9 Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

48

2.10 Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporate law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

2.11 References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

2.12 The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined below) of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company.

2.13 The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative, or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or of any action (or failure to act) on his part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

2.14 The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

2.15 References to the phrase to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in this Agreement shall include, but not be limited to: (i) to the fullest extent permitted by any provision of the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act) or the corresponding provision of any successor statute, and (ii) to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the Companies Act adopted after the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors.

49

3 INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided that Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

4 INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided that Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification.

5 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Section 5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.

50

7 ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION

7.1 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification shall be available under this Section 7.1 on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

8 CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY

8.1 To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving rise to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses.

9 EXCLUSIONS

Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law;

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14.5 and 14.6 hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. Indemnitee shall seek payments or advances from the Company only to the extent that such payments or advances are unavailable from any insurance policy of the Company covering Indemnitee.

(d) to the extent that Indemnitee is indemnified and actually received such payment other than pursuant to this Agreement;

51

(e) in connection with a judicial action by or in the right of the Company, in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which the Indemnitee shall have been adjudicated by final judgment in a court of law to be liable for fraud or willful neglect or dishonesty in the performance of his duty to the Company unless and only to the extent that any court in which such action was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, the Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such Expenses as such court shall deem proper; or

(f) for any judgment, fine or penalty which the Company is prohibited by applicable law from paying as indemnification.

10 ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM

10.1 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10.1 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

10.2 The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

10.3 The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

11 PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

11.1 Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

11.2 Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12.1 of this Agreement.

52

12 PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

12.1 A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred, (x) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (y) by a committee of Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, or (z) if there are no Disinterested Directors, or if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (ii) if a Change in Control has occurred, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company will promptly advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify Indemnitee therefrom.

12.2 In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12.2. The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11.2 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 12.1 hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

12.3 The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13 PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS

13.1 In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11.2 of this Agreement, and the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

53

13.2 If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

13.3 The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

13.4 For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, managers, managing members, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager, or managing member or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

13.5 The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

14 REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE

14.1 In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12.1 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court of his entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

54

14.2 In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified or to receive advances of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

14.3 If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

14.4 The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

14.5 The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee (i) to enforce his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Articles now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

14.6 Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at a rate to be agreed between the Company and the Indemnitee for amounts which the Company indemnifies, or is obliged to indemnify for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

15 SECURITY

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

55

16 NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION

16.1 The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Articles or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

16.2 The Articles permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements (Indemnification Arrangements) insuring the Companys directors, officers, auditors and/or trustee of an employee benefit scheme of the Company against any liability asserted against him or incurred by or on behalf of him (other than liability arising out of that persons own dishonesty) or in their respective capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

16.3 To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

16.4 In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

16.5 The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

56

17 DURATION OF AGREEMENT

All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

18 SEVERABILITY

If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19 ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT

19.1 The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director or officer of the Company.

19.2 Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Articles as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

19.3 The indemnification and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

19.4 The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

57

19.5 The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking.

20 MODIFICATION AND WAIVER

No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

21 NOTICES

All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

39 E Broadway, Ste 603

New York, NY 10002

Attn: Ken Lu

Telephone: (412)-947-0514

Email: kenlu@uysacquisition.com

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Becker & Poliakoff P.C.

45 Broadway, 17th Floor

New York, NY 10006

212 599 3322

Attn: Bill Huo, Esq.

or to any other address as may have been
furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

58

22 APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION

This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the Cayman Islands, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial.

23 IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24 MISCELLANEOUS

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25 ADDITIONAL ACTS

If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfil its obligations under this Agreement.

26 WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT

Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

27 MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE

The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

59

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed on the day and year first above written.

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/
Jialuan Ma 

Name: Jialuan Ma 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

By: /s/ Shaokang Lu 

Name: Shaokang Lu 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement]

60

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is made on March 31, 2025.

Between:

(1) UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP., an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with registered office at Overseas Company Services (Cayman) Limited, Suite 2206, Cassia Court, 72 Market Street, Camana Bay, P.O. Box 32303, Grand Cayman KY1-1209, Cayman Islands (the Company); and 

(2) Sze Wai Lee (Indemnitee).

Whereas:

(A) Highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such corporations;

(B) The board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among publicly traded corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself. The second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (the Articles) provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company;

(C) The uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

(D) The Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

(E) It is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

(F) This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company under the Articles and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

(G) Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director of the Company without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified.

61

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of March 31, 2025 between the Company and Indemnitee pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement between the Company and the
representative of the underwriters in connection with the Companys initial public offering, the Company and Indemnitee do
hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1 SERVICES TO THE COMPANY

Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, investment advisor, administrator or liquidator of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected, appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, investment advisor, administrator or liquidator of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2 DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement:

2.1 References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, advisor, fiduciary or other official of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company.

2.2 The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

2.3 A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(a) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of Hercules Capital Management Corp, any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (c) of this definition;

(b) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof (collectively, the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

62

(c) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of Hercules Capital Management Corp, no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(d) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

(e) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

2.4 Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

2.5 Cayman Court shall mean the Courts of the Cayman Islands.

2.6 Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

2.7 Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

2.8 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

2.9 Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

63

2.10 Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporate law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

2.11 References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

2.12 The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined below) of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company.

2.13 The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative, or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or of any action (or failure to act) on his part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

2.14 The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

2.15 References to the phrase to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in this Agreement shall include, but not be limited to: (i) to the fullest extent permitted by any provision of the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act) or the corresponding provision of any successor statute, and (ii) to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the Companies Act adopted after the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors.

64

3 INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided that Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

4 INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided that Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification.

5 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Section 5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.

65

7 ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION

7.1 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification shall be available under this Section 7.1 on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

8 CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY

8.1 To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving rise to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses.

9 EXCLUSIONS

Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law;

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14.5 and 14.6 hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. Indemnitee shall seek payments or advances from the Company only to the extent that such payments or advances are unavailable from any insurance policy of the Company covering Indemnitee.

(d) to the extent that Indemnitee is indemnified and actually received such payment other than pursuant to this Agreement;

66

(e) in connection with a judicial action by or in the right of the Company, in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which the Indemnitee shall have been adjudicated by final judgment in a court of law to be liable for fraud or willful neglect or dishonesty in the performance of his duty to the Company unless and only to the extent that any court in which such action was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, the Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such Expenses as such court shall deem proper; or

(f) for any judgment, fine or penalty which the Company is prohibited by applicable law from paying as indemnification.

10 ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM

10.1 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10.1 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

10.2 The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

10.3 The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

11 PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

11.1 Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

11.2 Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12.1 of this Agreement.

67

12 PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

12.1 A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred, (x) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (y) by a committee of Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, or (z) if there are no Disinterested Directors, or if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (ii) if a Change in Control has occurred, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company will promptly advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify Indemnitee therefrom.

12.2 In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12.2. The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11.2 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 12.1 hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

12.3 The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13 PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS

13.1 In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11.2 of this Agreement, and the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

68

13.2 If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

13.3 The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

13.4 For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, managers, managing members, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager, or managing member or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

13.5 The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

14 REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE

14.1 In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12.1 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court of his entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

69

14.2 In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified or to receive advances of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

14.3 If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

14.4 The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

14.5 The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee (i) to enforce his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Articles now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

14.6 Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at a rate to be agreed between the Company and the Indemnitee for amounts which the Company indemnifies, or is obliged to indemnify for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

15 SECURITY

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

70

16 NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION

16.1 The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Articles or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

16.2 The Articles permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements (Indemnification Arrangements) insuring the Companys directors, officers, auditors and/or trustee of an employee benefit scheme of the Company against any liability asserted against him or incurred by or on behalf of him (other than liability arising out of that persons own dishonesty) or in their respective capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

16.3 To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

16.4 In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

16.5 The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

71

17 DURATION OF AGREEMENT

All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

18 SEVERABILITY

If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19 ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT

19.1 The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director or officer of the Company.

19.2 Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Articles as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

19.3 The indemnification and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

19.4 The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

72

19.5 The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking.

20 MODIFICATION AND WAIVER

No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

21 NOTICES

All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

39 E Broadway, Ste 603

New York, NY 10002

Attn: Ken Lu

Telephone: (412)-947-0514

Email: kenlu@uysacquisition.com

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Becker & Poliakoff P.C.

45 Broadway, 17th Floor

New York, NY 10006

212 599 3322

Attn: Bill Huo, Esq.

or to any other address as may have been
furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

73

22 APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION

This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the Cayman Islands, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial.

23 IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24 MISCELLANEOUS

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25 ADDITIONAL ACTS

If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfil its obligations under this Agreement.

26 WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT

Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

27 MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE

The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

74

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed on the day and year first above written.

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/Jialuan Ma 

Name: Jialuan Ma 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

By: /s/Sze Wai Lee 

Name: Sze Wai Lee 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement]

75

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
is made on March 31, 2025.

Between:

(1) UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP., an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with registered office at Overseas Company Services (Cayman) Limited, Suite 2206, Cassia Court, 72 Market Street, Camana Bay, P.O. Box 32303, Grand Cayman KY1-1209, Cayman Islands (the Company); and 

(2) Yan Liang (Indemnitee).

Whereas:

(A) Highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such corporations;

(B) The board of directors of the Company (the Board) has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among publicly traded corporations and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself. The second amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (the Articles) provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company;

(C) The uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons;

(D) The Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Companys shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future;

(E) It is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities;

(F) This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company under the Articles and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and

(G) Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director of the Company without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified.

76

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and the covenants contained herein and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of March 31, 2025 between the Company and Indemnitee pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement between the Company and the
representative of the underwriters in connection with the Companys initial public offering, the Company and Indemnitee do
hereby covenant and agree as follows:

1 SERVICES TO THE COMPANY

Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer, director, investment advisor, administrator or liquidator of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected, appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, investment advisor, administrator or liquidator of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company to continue Indemnitees service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments of the parties, if any.

2 DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement:

2.1 References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, advisor, fiduciary or other official of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company.

2.2 The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.

2.3 A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:

(a) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party. Other than an affiliate of Hercules Capital Management Corp, any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the combined voting power of the Companys then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Companys securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part (c) of this definition;

(b) Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the Board was approved by a vote of a majority of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof (collectively, the Continuing Directors), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board;

77

(c) Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51% of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of Hercules Capital Management Corp, no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;

(d) Liquidation. The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Companys assets, other than factoring the Companys current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or

(e) Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.

2.4 Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.

2.5 Cayman Court shall mean the Courts of the Cayman Islands.

2.6 Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.

2.7 Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other corporation, constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent.

2.8 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

2.9 Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedes bond, or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.

78

2.10 Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporate law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitees rights under this Agreement.

2.11 References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement.

2.12 The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined below) of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of share of the Company.

2.13 The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative, or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or of any action (or failure to act) on his part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement.

2.14 The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person.

2.15 References to the phrase to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in this Agreement shall include, but not be limited to: (i) to the fullest extent permitted by any provision of the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act) or the corresponding provision of any successor statute, and (ii) to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by any amendments to or replacements of the Companies Act adopted after the date of this Agreement that increase the extent to which a corporation may indemnify its officers and directors.

79

3 INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided that Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

4 INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, provided that Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No indemnification for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Cayman Court shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification.

5 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitees Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and subject to the exclusions set out in Section 9 below, indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. For purposes of this Section 5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.

6 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be indemnified against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.

80

7 ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION

7.1 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification shall be available under this Section 7.1 on account of Indemnitees conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitees duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.

8 CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY

8.1 To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding in such proportion as is deemed fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such Proceeding in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving rise to such Proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s). The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Indemnitee on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent the circumstances resulting in such judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses.

9 EXCLUSIONS

Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise;

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law;

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14.5 and 14.6 hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. Indemnitee shall seek payments or advances from the Company only to the extent that such payments or advances are unavailable from any insurance policy of the Company covering Indemnitee.

(d) to the extent that Indemnitee is indemnified and actually received such payment other than pursuant to this Agreement;

81

(e) in connection with a judicial action by or in the right of the Company, in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which the Indemnitee shall have been adjudicated by final judgment in a court of law to be liable for fraud or willful neglect or dishonesty in the performance of his duty to the Company unless and only to the extent that any court in which such action was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, the Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such Expenses as such court shall deem proper; or

(f) for any judgment, fine or penalty which the Company is prohibited by applicable law from paying as indemnification.

10 ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM

10.1 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitees ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitees ultimate entitlement to be indemnified under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Companys receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advance to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10.1 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification is excluded pursuant to Section 9.

10.2 The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense.

10.3 The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitees prior written consent.

11 PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

11.1 Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.

11.2 Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12.1 of this Agreement.

82

12 PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION

12.1 A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred, (x) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (y) by a committee of Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, or (z) if there are no Disinterested Directors, or if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (ii) if a Change in Control has occurred, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company will promptly advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify Indemnitee therefrom.

12.2 In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12.2. The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11.2 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Cayman Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the others selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Cayman Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 12.1 hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).

12.3 The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto.

13 PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS

13.1 In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11.2 of this Agreement, and the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

83

13.2 If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto.

13.3 The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

13.4 For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitees action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, managers, managing members, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager, or managing member or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement.

13.5 The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.

14 REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE

14.1 In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12.1 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Cayman Court of his entitlement to such indemnification, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Cayman Islands law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitees right to seek any such adjudication or award in arbitration.

84

14.2 In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified or to receive advances of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitees entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed).

14.3 If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitees statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under applicable law.

14.4 The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.

14.5 The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Companys receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee (i) to enforce his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Articles now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).

14.6 Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at a rate to be agreed between the Company and the Indemnitee for amounts which the Company indemnifies, or is obliged to indemnify for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.

15 SECURITY

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to Indemnitee for the Companys obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written consent of Indemnitee.

85

16 NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION

16.1 The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Articles or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy.

16.2 The Articles permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements (Indemnification Arrangements) insuring the Companys directors, officers, auditors and/or trustee of an employee benefit scheme of the Company against any liability asserted against him or incurred by or on behalf of him (other than liability arising out of that persons own dishonesty) or in their respective capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement, as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.

16.3 To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.

16.4 In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights.

16.5 The Companys obligation to indemnify or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Companys satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company.

86

17 DURATION OF AGREEMENT

All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement.

18 SEVERABILITY

If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.

19 ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT

19.1 The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director or officer of the Company.

19.2 Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Articles as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

19.3 The indemnification and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Companys request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives.

19.4 The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.

87

19.5 The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a court of competent jurisdiction and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking.

20 MODIFICATION AND WAIVER

No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

21 NOTICES

All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed:

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company.

(b) If to the Company, to:

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

39 E Broadway, Ste 603

New York, NY 10002

Attn: Ken Lu

Telephone: (412)-947-0514

Email: kenlu@uysacquisition.com

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Becker & Poliakoff P.C.

45 Broadway, 17th Floor

New York, NY 10006

212 599 3322

Attn: Bill Huo, Esq.

or to any other address as may have been
furnished to Indemnitee in writing by the Company.

88

22 APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION

This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the Cayman Islands, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Cayman Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cayman Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Cayman Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Cayman Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial.

23 IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.

24 MISCELLANEOUS

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.

25 ADDITIONAL ACTS

If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required, the Company undertakes to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfil its obligations under this Agreement.

26 WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT

Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim) in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection with the Companys initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever.

27 MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE

The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement, one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Companys performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Companys directors and officers.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

89

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement to be signed on the day and year first above written.

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: /s/ Jialuan Ma 

Name: Jialuan Ma 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

INDEMNITEE 

By: /s/ Yan Liang 

Name: Yan Liang 

Address: 

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement]

90
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>uyscuti_ex10-6.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.6

Execution Version

ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp.

39 E Broadway, Ste 603

New York, NY 10002

Dated as of March 31, 2025

UY Scuti Investments Limited

Ladies and Gentlemen:

This letter agreement will confirm our mutual
agreement that, commencing on the first date (the Effective Date) that any securities of UY Scuti
Acquisition Corp. (the Company) registered on the Companys registration statement (the
Registration Statement) for its initial public offering (the IPO) are listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market, and continuing until the earlier of (i) the consummation by the Company of an initial business
combination and (ii) the Companys liquidation (in each case as described in the Registration Statement) (such earlier date
hereinafter referred to as the Termination Date), UY Scuti Investments Limited (UY
Investments) shall make available to the Company certain office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
services as may be required by the Company from time to time, situated at 39 E Broadway, Ste 603, New York, NY 10002 (or any
successor location). In exchange therefor, the Company shall pay UY Investments the sum of $10,000 per month on the Effective Date
and continuing monthly thereafter until the Termination Date.

UY
Investments hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies that may be
set aside in a trust account (the Trust Account)
that may be established upon the consummation of the IPO as a result of this letter agreement (the Claim)
and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, this letter agreement and
will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.

This letter agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties
hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements,
or representations by or among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent
they relate in any way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated
hereby.

This letter agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any particular
provision, except by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto.

No party hereto may assign either this letter agreement or any of its rights, interests,
or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other party. Any
purported assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual
and shall not operate to transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported
assignee.

Any litigation between the parties (whether grounded in contract, tort, statute, law
or equity) shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, and interpreted pursuant
to the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its choice of laws
principles.

[signature page follows]

Very truly yours,

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Jialuan Ma

Name: Jialuan Ma

Title: Chief Executive Officer

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY:

UY Scuti Investments Limited

By: /s/ Guojian Zhang 

Name: Guojian Zhang 

Title: Director 

[Signature Page to UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. 

Administrative Services Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>uyscuti_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

UY SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP. ANNOUNCES PRICING
OF $50 MILLION INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING

NEW YORK, March 31, 2025 (PRNEWSWIRE) 
UY Scuti Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Island exempt company (the Company), announced today that it priced its initial public
offering of 5,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit.

The Companys units are expected to trade on The
NASDAQ Capital Market (NASDAQ) under the ticker symbol UYSCU beginning March 31, 2025. Each unit consists
of one ordinary share, par value $0.0001 per share, and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of an ordinary share. Once the securities
comprising the units begin separate trading, the shares and rights are expected to trade on NASDAQ under the symbols UYSC,
and UYSCR, respectively.

Maxim Group LLC is acting as the sole book-running
manager for the offering. The Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 750,000 units at the
initial public offering price to cover over-allotments, if any.

The offering is expected to close on April 1,
2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

Becker & Poliakoff, P.A. served as legal counsel to the Company
and Loeb & Loeb LLP served as legal counsel to Maxim Group LLC in the offering.

A registration statement
on Form S-1 relating to these securities (SEC File Number 333-284815) was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission
on March 31, 2025. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus, copies of which may be obtained by contacting Maxim Group
LLC, located at 300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, NY 10022, by email at syndicate@maximgrp.com, or by telephone at +1-212-895-3500.
Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

This press release shall not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such
offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. 

UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. is a newly organized blank check company
formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release includes forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements,
including the successful consummation of the Companys initial public offering, are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those
set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Companys registration statement and preliminary prospectus for the offering filed
with the SEC, which could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations
or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in
the Companys expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based,
except as required by law.

Company Contact:

Mr. Shaokang Lu

Chief Financial Officer

UY Scuti Acquisition Corporation

39 E Broadway, Suite 603

New York, NY 10002

Tel: (412) 947-0514

Email: kenlu@uysacquisition.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>uyscuti_ex99-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit
99.2

UY
SCUTI ACQUISITION CORP. ANNOUNCES CLOSING OF $50 MILLION INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING

NEW
YORK, April 1, 2025 (PRNewswire) UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: UYSCU), (the Company), today announced the
closing of its initial public offering of 5,000,000 units at an offering price of $10.00 per unit. Each unit consists of one ordinary
share, par value $0.0001 per share, and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of an ordinary share. The units are listed
on The NASDAQ Capital Market (NASDAQ) and began trading under the ticker symbol UYSCU on March 31, 2025.
Once the securities comprising the units begin separate trading, the ordinary shares and rights are expected to trade on NASDAQ under
the symbols UYSC, and UYSCR, respectively.

Maxim
Group LLC acted as the sole book-running manager for the offering. The Company has granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase
up to an additional 750,000 units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments, if any.

Becker
& Poliakoff, P.A. served as legal counsel to the Company and Loeb & Loeb LLP served as legal counsel to Maxim Group LLC in the
offering.

A
registration statement on Form S-1 relating to these securities (SEC File Number 333-284815) was declared effective by the Securities
and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2025. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus, copies of which may be obtained
by contacting Maxim Group LLC, located at 300 Park Avenue, 16th Floor, New York, NY 10022, by email at syndicate@maximgrp.com,
or by telephone at +1-212-895-3500. Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SECs website at www.sec.gov.

This
press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities
in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

About
UY Scuti Acquisition Corp. 

UY
Scuti Acquisition Corp. is a newly organized blank check company formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands for the purpose of effecting
a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more
businesses.

Forward
Looking Statements

This
press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward looking statements are statements that
are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements, including with respect to the Companys search for an initial business combination,
are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Companys registration statement
and preliminary prospectus for the offering filed with the SEC, which could cause actual results to differ from the forward-looking statements.
The Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements
contained herein to reflect any change in the Companys expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances
on which any statement is based, except as required by law.

Company
Contact:

Mr.
Shaokang Lu

Chief
Financial Officer

UY
Scuti Acquisition Corporation

39
E Broadway, Suite 603

New York, NY 10002

Tel:
(412) 947-0514

Email:
kenlu@uysacquisition.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>ex3-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>uyscu-20250331.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>uyscu-20250331_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>uyscu-20250331_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one right 

Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value 

Rights to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of one Ordinary Share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>uyscu-20250331_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 31, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 31, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --03-31

Entity File Number 001-42577

Entity Registrant Name UY Scuti Acquisition Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0002036973

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code E9

Entity Address, Address Line One 39 E. Broadway

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 603

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10002

City Area Code (412)

Local Phone Number 947-0514

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one right 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one right

Trading Symbol UYSCU

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value

Trading Symbol UYSC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Rights to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of one Ordinary Share 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights
to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of one Ordinary Share

Trading Symbol UYSCR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=UYSCU_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOneRightMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=UYSCU_OrdinaryShares0.0001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=UYSCU_RightsToReceiveOnefifth15OfOneOrdinaryShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
4 
25 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://UYSCU/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

uyscu-20250331.xsd 
uyscu-20250331_def.xml 
uyscu-20250331_lab.xml 
uyscu-20250331_pre.xml 
uyscuti_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>26
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>27
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-002386-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>28
<FILENAME>uyscuti_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0002036973 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

0002036973 

UYSCU:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneOrdinaryShare0.0001ParValueAndOneRightMember 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

0002036973 

UYSCU:OrdinaryShares0.0001ParValueMember 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

0002036973 

UYSCU:RightsToReceiveOnefifth15OfOneOrdinaryShareMember 

2025-03-31 
2025-03-31 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--03-31 
0002036973 
8-K 
2025-03-31 
UY Scuti Acquisition Corporation 
E9 
001-42577 
00-0000000 
39 E. Broadway 
Suite 603 
New York 
NY 
10002 
(412) 
947-0514 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Ordinary Share, $0.0001 par value, and one right 
UYSCU 
NASDAQ 
Ordinary Shares, $0.0001 par value 
UYSC 
NASDAQ 
Rights to receive one-fifth (1/5th) of one Ordinary Share 
UYSCR 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>