<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-004443.txt : 20250110
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-004443.hdr.sgml : 20250110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250110160634
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-004443
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250110
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rein Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001420565
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				134196017
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38130
		FILM NUMBER:		25522911

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12407 N. MOPAC EXPY.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250 #390
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78758
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7378021989

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12407 N. MOPAC EXPY.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250 #390
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78758

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Aileron Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20240329

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AILERON THERAPEUTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071207
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d898488d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

NASDAQRein Therapeutics, Inc.--12-310001420565false00014205652025-01-102025-01-10

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): January 10, 2025

Rein Therapeutics, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-38130 13-4196017

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

12407 N. Mopac Expy., Suite 250, #390

Austin, Texas 78758

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (737) 802-1989

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange

On which registered

Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share RNTX The Nasdaq Capital Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03. 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On January 10, 2025, Aileron Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company) amended its Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation), to effect a change of the Companys name from Aileron Therapeutics, Inc. to Rein Therapeutics, Inc. (the Name Change). The Name Change became effective at 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time on January 10, 2025.

The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board) approved the Name Change pursuant to Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. The Name Change does not affect the rights of the Companys stockholders, and there were no other changes to the Certificate of Incorporation. A copy of the certificate of amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to affect the Name Change is filed as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

In connection with the Name Change, the Board also approved an amendment and restatement of the Companys Amended and Restated Bylaws solely to reflect the Name Change (as amended and restated, the Amended and Restated Bylaws) effective as of January 10, 2025. A copy of the Amended and Restated Bylaws is filed as Exhibit 3.2 and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01. 

Other Events.

Following the Name Change, the new trading symbol for the Companys common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market will be RNTX. Trading of the Companys common stock under the new name and trading symbol is expected to commence on January 13, 2025. The CUSIP number for the Companys common stock will not change in connection with the Name Change.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

No. 

Description

3.1 Certificate of Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Rein Therapeutics, Inc.

Date: January 10, 2025 By: 

/s/ Brian Windsor

Brian Windsor, Ph.D.

President and Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d898488dex31.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.1
<TEXT>
EX-3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO 

RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

OF 

AILERON THERAPEUTICS,
INC. 

Pursuant to Section 242 of the 

General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware 

Aileron Therapeutics, Inc. (hereinafter called the Corporation), a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue
of the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, does hereby certify as follows: 

FIRST: A resolution was duly
adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation pursuant to Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware setting forth an amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended, and
declaring said amendment to be advisable and in the best interests of the Corporation. 

SECOND: That Article I of the Restated Certificate
of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended, be and hereby is deleted in its entirety and the following is inserted in lieu thereof: 

I. 

The name of this
corporation is Rein Therapeutics, Inc. (the Corporation). 

THIRD: This Certificate of Amendment shall be effective at
4:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on January 10, 2025. 

*** 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Certificate of Amendment has been executed by a duly authorized
officer of the Corporation on this 10th day of January, 2025. 

AILERON THERAPEUTICS, INC.

By: 

/s/ Brian Windsor

Name: Brian Windsor, Ph.D.

Title: President and
Chief Executive Officer

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d898488dex32.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3.2
<TEXT>
EX-3.2

Exhibit 3.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS

OF 

REIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I 

STOCKHOLDERS 1 

1.1 Place of Meetings 1 

1.2 Annual Meeting 1 

1.3 Special Meetings 1 

1.4 Notice of Meetings 1 

1.5 Voting List 1 

1.6 Quorum 1 

1.7 Adjournments 2 

1.8 Voting and Proxies 2 

1.9 Action at Meeting 2 

1.10 Nomination of Directors 2 

1.11 Notice of Business at Annual Meetings 4 

1.12 Conduct of Meetings 6 

1.13 No Action by Consent in Lieu of a Meeting 6 

ARTICLE II DIRECTORS 6 

2.1 General Powers 6 

2.2 Number, Election and Qualification 6 

2.3 Chairman of the Board; Vice Chairman of the Board 7 

2.4 Classes of Directors 7 

2.5 Terms of Office 7 

2.6 Quorum 7 

2.7 Action at Meeting 7 

2.8 Removal 7 

2.9 Vacancies 7 

2.10 Resignation 7 

2.11 Regular Meetings 7 

2.12 Special Meetings 8 

2.13 Notice of Special Meetings 8 

2.14 Meetings by Conference Communications Equipment 8 

2.15 Action by Consent 8 

2.16 Committees 8 

2.17 Compensation of Directors 8 

ARTICLE III OFFICERS 8 

3.1 Titles 8 

3.2 Election 9 

3.3 Qualification 9 

3.4 Tenure 9 

3.5 Resignation and Removal 9 

3.6 Vacancies 9 

3.7 President; Chief Executive Officer 9 

3.8 Vice Presidents 9 

3.9 Secretary and Assistant Secretaries 9 

3.10 Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers 10 

3.11 Salaries 10 

3.12 Delegation of Authority 10 

ARTICLE IV CAPITAL STOCK 10 

4.1 Issuance of Stock 10 

i 

Page 

4.2 Stock Certificates; Uncertificated Shares 10 

4.3 Transfers 11 

4.4 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates 11 

4.5 Record Date 11 

4.6 Regulations 11 

ARTICLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS 12 

5.1 Fiscal Year 12 

5.2 Corporate Seal 12 

5.3 Waiver of Notice 12 

5.4 Voting of Securities 12 

5.5 Evidence of Authority 12 

5.6 Certificate of Incorporation 12 

5.7 Severability 12 

5.8 Pronouns 12 

ARTICLE VI AMENDMENTS 12 

ii 

ARTICLE I 

STOCKHOLDERS 

1.1 Place of
Meetings. All meetings of stockholders shall be held at such place as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President or, if not so designated, at the
principal office of the corporation. 

1.2 Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors to succeed those
whose terms expire and for the transaction of such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting shall be held on a date and at a time designated by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel any
previously scheduled annual meeting of stockholders. 

1.3 Special Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may
be called at any time by only the Board of Directors and may not be called by any other person or persons. The Board of Directors may postpone, reschedule or cancel any previously scheduled special meeting of stockholders. Business transacted at any
special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting. 

1.4 Notice of
Meetings. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, notice of each meeting of stockholders, whether annual or special, shall be given not less than 10 nor more
than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given to stockholders, any notice shall be effective if given by a form of electronic
transmission consented to (in a manner consistent with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware) by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. The notices of all meetings shall state the place, date and time of the meeting and the
means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting. The notice of a special meeting shall state, in addition, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is
called. If notice is given by mail, such notice shall be deemed given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholders address as it appears on the records of the corporation. If
notice is given by electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed given at the time specified in Section 232 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

1.5 Voting List. The Secretary shall prepare, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled
to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose
germane to the meeting, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting: (a) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or
(b) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the corporation. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who
is present. Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to inspect the list of stockholders required by this Section 1.5 or to vote in person or by proxy at any
meeting of stockholders. 

1.6 Quorum. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares of the capital stock of the corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person, present by means of remote
communication in a manner, if any, authorized by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business; provided, however, that where a separate vote by a class or classes
or series of capital stock is required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares of such class or classes or series of the capital stock of the corporation issued and outstanding and entitled
to vote on such matter, present in person, present by means of remote communication in a manner, if any, authorized by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with
respect to the vote on such matter. A quorum, once established at a meeting, shall not be broken by the withdrawal of enough votes to leave less than a quorum. 

1 

1.7 Adjournments. Any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned from time to time to any other
time and to any other place at which a meeting of stockholders may be held under these By-laws by the chairman of the meeting or by the stockholders present or represented at the meeting and entitled to vote,
although less than a quorum. It shall not be necessary to notify any stockholder of any adjournment of less than 30 days if the time and place of the adjourned meeting, and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and
proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting, are announced at the meeting at which adjournment is taken, unless after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting. At the adjourned
meeting, the corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. 

1.8 Voting and Proxies. Each
stockholder shall have one vote for each share of stock entitled to vote held of record by such stockholder and a proportionate vote for each fractional share so held, unless otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation. Each
stockholder of record entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may vote in person (including by means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting) or may authorize
another person or persons to vote for such stockholder by a proxy executed or transmitted in a manner permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware by the stockholder or such stockholders authorized agent and delivered
(including by electronic transmission) to the Secretary of the corporation. No such proxy shall be voted upon after three years from the date of its execution, unless the proxy expressly provides for a longer period. 

1.9 Action at Meeting. When a quorum is present at any meeting, any matter other than the election of directors to be voted upon by the
stockholders at such meeting shall be decided by the vote of the holders of shares of stock having a majority in voting power of the votes cast by the holders of all of the shares of stock present or represented at the meeting and voting
affirmatively or negatively on such matter (or if there are two or more classes or series of stock entitled to vote as separate classes, then in the case of each such class or series, the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares of stock
of that class or series present or represented at the meeting and voting affirmatively or negatively on such matter), except when a different vote is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these
By-laws. When a quorum is present at any meeting, any election by stockholders of directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders entitled to vote on the election. 

1.10 Nomination of Directors. 

(a) Except
for (1) any directors entitled to be elected by the holders of preferred stock, (2) any directors elected in accordance with Section 2.9 hereof by the Board of Directors to fill a vacancy or newly-created directorship or (3) as
otherwise required by applicable law or stock exchange regulation, at any meeting of stockholders, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures in this Section 1.10 shall be eligible for election as directors. Nomination for
election to the Board of Directors at a meeting of stockholders may be made (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (ii) by any stockholder of the corporation who (x) timely complies with the notice procedures in
Section 1.10(b), (y) is a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of such notice and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting and (z) is entitled to vote at such meeting. 

(b) To be timely, a stockholders notice must be received in writing by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation as
follows: (i) in the case of an election of directors at an annual meeting of stockholders, not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that
(x) in the case of the annual meeting of stockholders of the corporation to be held in 2018 or (y) in the event that the date of the annual meeting in any other year is advanced by more than 30 days, or delayed by more than 60 days, from
the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting, a stockholders notice must be so received not earlier than the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (A) the 90th
day prior to such annual meeting and (B) the tenth day following the day on which notice of the date of such annual meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs; or (ii) in the
case of an election of directors at a special meeting of stockholders, provided that the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer has determined, in accordance with Section 1.3, that directors shall be
elected at such special meeting and provided further that the nomination made by the stockholder is for one of the director positions that the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be, has
determined will be filled at such special meeting, not earlier 

2 

than the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (x) the 90th day prior to such special meeting and (y) the tenth day following
the day on which notice of the date of such special meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of such special meeting was made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of a meeting (or the public
disclosure thereof) commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice. 

The stockholders notice
to the Secretary shall set forth: (A) as to each proposed nominee (1) such persons name, age, business address and, if known, residence address, (2) such persons principal occupation or employment, (3) the class and
series and number of shares of stock of the corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned, beneficially or of record, by such person, (4) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements,
arrangements and understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among (x) the stockholder, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made and the respective affiliates
and associates of, or others acting in concert with, such stockholder and such beneficial owner, on the one hand, and (y) each proposed nominee, and his or her respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert with such
nominee(s), on the other hand, including all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K if the stockholder making the nomination and any beneficial owner on whose
behalf the nomination is made or any affiliate or associate thereof or person acting in concert therewith were the registrant for purposes of such Item and the proposed nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant, and
(5) any other information concerning such person that must be disclosed as to nominees in proxy solicitations pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act); and (B) as to
the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made (1) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the corporations books, and of such beneficial owner,
(2) the class and series and number of shares of stock of the corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned, beneficially or of record, by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, (3) a description of any agreement, arrangement or
understanding between or among such stockholder and/or such beneficial owner and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are being made or who may participate in the
solicitation of proxies in favor of electing such nominee(s), (4) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, swaps, profit interests, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock
appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions, and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into by, or on behalf of, such stockholder or such beneficial owner, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or
benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or such beneficial owner with respect to shares of stock of the corporation, (5) any other information relating to such stockholder and such
beneficial owner that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for the election of directors in a contested election pursuant to Section 14 of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, (6) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person(s) named in its notice and (7) a representation
whether such stockholder and/or such beneficial owner intends or is part of a group which intends (x) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the corporations outstanding capital stock
reasonably believed by such stockholder or such beneficial owner to be sufficient to elect the nominee (and such representation shall be included in any such proxy statement and form of proxy) and/or (y) otherwise to solicit proxies or votes
from stockholders in support of such nomination (and such representation shall be included in any such solicitation materials). Not later than 10 days after the record date for the meeting, the information required by Items (A)(1)-(5) and (B)(1)-(5)
of the prior sentence shall be supplemented by the stockholder giving the notice to provide updated information as of the record date. In addition, to be effective, the stockholders notice must be accompanied by the written consent of the
proposed nominee to serve as a director if elected. The corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as the corporation may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a
director of the corporation or whether such nominee would be independent under applicable Securities and Exchange Commission and stock exchange rules and the corporations publicly disclosed corporate governance guidelines. A stockholder shall
not have complied with this Section 1.10(b) if the stockholder (or beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made) solicits or does not solicit, as the case may be, proxies or votes in support of such stockholders
nominee in contravention of the representations with respect thereto required by this Section 1.10. 

(c) The chairman of any meeting shall have
the power and duty to determine whether a nomination was made in accordance with the provisions of this Section 1.10 (including whether the stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, 

3 

on whose behalf the nomination is made solicited (or is part of a group which solicited) or did not so solicit, as the case may be, proxies in support of such stockholders nominee in
compliance with the representations with respect thereto required by this Section 1.10), and if the chairman should determine that a nomination was not made in accordance with the provisions of this Section 1.10, the chairman shall so
declare to the meeting and such nomination shall not be brought before the meeting. 

(d) Except as otherwise required by law, nothing in this
Section 1.10 shall obligate the corporation or the Board of Directors to include in any proxy statement or other stockholder communication distributed on behalf of the corporation or the Board of Directors information with respect to any
nominee for director submitted by a stockholder. 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.10, unless otherwise required
by law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the meeting to present a nomination, such nomination shall not be brought before the meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nominee
may have been received by the corporation. For purposes of this Section 1.10, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be authorized by a written instrument executed by such stockholder or an
electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such written instrument or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the written
instrument or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders. 

(f) For purposes of this Section 1.10, public disclosure
shall include disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to
Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

1.11 Notice of Business at Annual Meetings. 

(a) At any annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be
properly brought before an annual meeting, business must be (1) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (2) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or
at the direction of the Board of Directors, or (3) properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder. For business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, (i) if such business relates to the nomination of a
person for election as a director of the corporation, the procedures in Section 1.10 must be complied with and (ii) if such business relates to any other matter, the business must constitute a proper matter under Delaware law for
stockholder action and the stockholder must (x) have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary in accordance with the procedures in Section 1.11(b), (y) be a stockholder of record on the date of the giving of such notice and
on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at such annual meeting and (z) be entitled to vote at such annual meeting. 

(b) To be timely, a stockholders notice must be received in writing by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not
less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that (x) in the case of the annual meeting of stockholders of the corporation to be held in 2018 or
(y) in the event that the date of the annual meeting in any other year is advanced by more than 30 days, or delayed by more than 60 days, from the first anniversary of the preceding years annual meeting, a stockholders notice must
be so received not earlier than the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (A) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting and (B) the tenth day following the day on which notice of
the date of such annual meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of such annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs. In no event shall the adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting (or the public disclosure thereof) commence a
new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice. 

The stockholders notice to the Secretary shall set
forth: (A) as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (1) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, (2) the text of the proposal (including the exact text
of any resolutions proposed for consideration and, in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the By-laws, the exact text of the proposed amendment), and (3) the reasons for conducting
such business at the annual meeting, and (B) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the 

4 

beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is being made (1) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the corporations books, and of such beneficial
owner, (2) the class and series and number of shares of stock of the corporation that are, directly or indirectly, owned, beneficially or of record, by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, (3) a description of any material interest
of such stockholder or such beneficial owner and the respective affiliates and associates of, or others acting in concert with, such stockholder or such beneficial owner in such business, (4) a description of any agreement, arrangement or
understanding between or among such stockholder and/or such beneficial owner and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business or who may participate in the solicitation of proxies in favor of
such proposal, (5) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, swaps, profit interests, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging
transactions, and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into by, or on behalf of, such stockholder or such beneficial owner, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or
increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or such beneficial owner with respect to shares of stock of the corporation, (6) any other information relating to such stockholder and such beneficial owner that would be required to
be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for the business proposed pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder,
(7) a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting and (8) a representation whether such stockholder and/or such beneficial owner intends or is
part of a group which intends (x) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the corporations outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal (and such representation
shall be included in any such proxy statement and form of proxy) and/or (y) otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such proposal (and such representation shall be included in any such solicitation materials). Not
later than 10 days after the record date for the meeting, the information required by Items (A)(3) and (B)(1)-(6) of the prior sentence shall be supplemented by the stockholder giving the notice to provide updated information as of the record date.
Notwithstanding anything in these By-laws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting of stockholders except in accordance with the procedures in this Section 1.11; provided that
any stockholder proposal which complies with Rule 14a-8 of the proxy rules (or any successor provision) promulgated under the Exchange Act and is to be included in the corporations proxy statement for an
annual meeting of stockholders shall be deemed to comply with the notice requirements of this Section 1.11. A stockholder shall not have complied with this Section 1.11(b) if the stockholder (or beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf
the proposal is made) solicits or does not solicit, as the case may be, proxies in support of such stockholders proposal in contravention of the representations with respect thereto required by this Section 1.11. 

(c) The chairman of any annual meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether business was properly brought before the annual meeting in
accordance with the provisions of this Section 1.11 (including whether the stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made solicited (or is part of a group which solicited) or did not so solicit, as the case may
be, proxies or votes in support of such stockholders proposal in compliance with the representation with respect thereto required by this Section 1.11), and if the chairman should determine that business was not properly brought before
the annual meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 1.11, the chairman shall so declare to the meeting and such business shall not be brought before the annual meeting. 

(d) Except as otherwise required by law, nothing in this Section 1.11 shall obligate the corporation or the Board of Directors to include in any
proxy statement or other stockholder communication distributed on behalf of the corporation or the Board of Directors information with respect to any proposal submitted by a stockholder. 

(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.11, unless otherwise required by law, if the stockholder (or a qualified
representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual meeting to present business, such business shall not be considered, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such business may have been received by the corporation. 

(f) For purposes of this Section 1.11, the terms qualified representative of the stockholder and public disclosure shall
have the same meaning as in Section 1.10. 

5 

1.12 Conduct of Meetings. 

(a) Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, if any, or in the Chairmans absence by the Vice Chairman of the
Board, if any, or in the Vice Chairmans absence by the Chief Executive Officer, or in the Chief Executive Officers absence, by the President, or in the Presidents absence by a Vice President, or in the absence of all of the
foregoing persons by a chairman designated by the Board of Directors. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in the Secretarys absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.

(b) The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution such rules, regulations and procedures for the conduct of any meeting of stockholders of the
corporation as it shall deem appropriate including, without limitation, such guidelines and procedures as it may deem appropriate regarding the participation by means of remote communication of stockholders and proxyholders not physically present at
a meeting. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules, regulations and procedures as adopted by the Board of Directors, the chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to
recess and/or adjourn the meeting and prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures,
whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) rules and procedures for
maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other
persons as shall be determined; (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (v) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. Unless and to the extent
determined by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 

(c) The chairman of the meeting shall announce at the meeting when the polls for each matter to be voted upon at the meeting will be opened and closed.
After the polls close, no ballots, proxies or votes or any revocations or changes thereto may be accepted. 

(d) In advance of any meeting of
stockholders, the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the President shall appoint one or more inspectors of election to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. One or more other persons may be
designated as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is present, ready and willing to act at a meeting of stockholders, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at
the meeting. Unless otherwise required by law, inspectors may be officers, employees or agents of the corporation. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of such inspectors duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute
the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspectors ability. The inspector shall have the duties prescribed by law and shall take charge of the polls and, when the vote is completed, shall make a
certificate of the result of the vote taken and of such other facts as may be required by law. Every vote taken by ballots shall be counted by a duly appointed inspector or duly appointed inspectors. 

1.13 No Action by Consent in Lieu of a Meeting. Stockholders of the corporation may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting.

ARTICLE II 

DIRECTORS 

2.1 General
Powers. The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of a Board of Directors, who may exercise all of the powers of the corporation except as otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of
Incorporation. 

2.2 Number, Election and Qualification. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors,
the number of directors of the corporation shall be established by the Board of Directors. Election of directors need not be by written ballot. Directors need not be stockholders of the corporation. 

6 

2.3 Chairman of the Board; Vice Chairman of the Board. The Board of Directors may appoint from
its members a Chairman of the Board and a Vice Chairman of the Board, neither of whom need be an employee or officer of the corporation. If the Board of Directors appoints a Chairman of the Board, such Chairman shall perform such duties and possess
such powers as are assigned by the Board of Directors and, if the Chairman of the Board is also designated as the corporations Chief Executive Officer, shall have the powers and duties of the Chief Executive Officer prescribed in
Section 3.7 of these By-laws. If the Board of Directors appoints a Vice Chairman of the Board, such Vice Chairman shall perform such duties and possess such powers as are assigned by the Board of
Directors. Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or, in the Chairmans absence, the Vice Chairman of the Board, if any, shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors. 

2.4 Classes of Directors. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, the Board of Directors shall be
and is divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III. Each class shall consist, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire
Board of Directors. The allocation of directors among classes shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

2.5 Terms of
Office. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors, each director shall serve for a term ending on the date of the third annual meeting of stockholders following the annual meeting of stockholders at
which such director was elected; provided that each director initially assigned to Class I shall serve for a term expiring at the corporations first annual meeting of stockholders held after the effectiveness of these Amended and Restated
By-laws; each director initially assigned to Class II shall serve for a term expiring at the corporations second annual meeting of stockholders held after the effectiveness of these Amended and
Restated By-laws; and each director initially assigned to Class III shall serve for a term expiring at the corporations third annual meeting of stockholders held after the effectiveness of these
Amended and Restated By-laws; provided further, that the term of each director shall continue until the election and qualification of his or her successor and be subject to his or her earlier death,
resignation or removal. 

2.6 Quorum. The greater of (a) a majority of the directors at any time in office and (b) one-third of the number of directors established by the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 2.2 of these By-laws shall constitute a quorum of the Board of
Directors. If at any meeting of the Board of Directors there shall be less than such a quorum, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a
quorum shall be present. 

2.7 Action at Meeting. Every act or decision done or made by a majority of the directors present at a meeting duly
held at which a quorum is present shall be regarded as the act of the Board of Directors, unless a greater number is required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation. 

2.8 Removal. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock, directors of the corporation may be removed only for cause and
only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% of the votes which all the stockholders would be entitled to cast in any annual election of directors or class of directors. 

2.9 Vacancies. Subject to the rights of holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any vacancy or newly-created directorship on the Board of
Directors, however occurring, shall be filled only by vote of a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director and shall not be filled by the stockholders. A director elected to fill a vacancy
shall hold office until the next election of the class for which such director shall have been chosen, subject to the election and qualification of a successor or until such directors earlier death, resignation or removal. 

2.10 Resignation. Any director may resign by delivering a resignation in writing or by electronic transmission to the corporation at its
principal office or to the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some later time or upon the happening of some
later event. 

2.11 Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and place as shall be
determined from time to time by the Board of Directors; provided that any director who is absent when such a determination is made shall be given notice of the determination. A regular meeting of the Board of Directors may be held without notice
immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of stockholders. 

7 

2.12 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time and
place designated by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, two or more directors, or by one director in the event that there is only a single director in office. 

2.13 Notice of Special Meetings. Notice of the date, place and time of any special meeting of directors shall be given to each director by the
Secretary or by the officer or one of the directors calling the meeting. Notice shall be duly given to each director (a) in person or by telephone at least 24 hours in advance of the meeting, (b) by sending written notice by reputable
overnight courier, electronic transmission, or delivering written notice by hand, to such directors last known business, home or electronic transmission address at least 48 hours in advance of the meeting, or (c) by sending written notice
by first-class mail to such directors last known business or home address at least 72 hours in advance of the meeting. A notice or waiver of notice of a meeting of the Board of Directors need not specify the purposes of the meeting. 

2.14 Meetings by Conference Communications Equipment. Directors may participate in meetings of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof by
means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

2.15 Action by Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be
taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent to the action in writing or by electronic transmission, and the written consents or electronic transmissions are filed with the minutes of
proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 

2.16 Committees. The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the
corporation as the Board of Directors shall determine with such lawfully delegable powers and duties as the Board of Directors thereby confers. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may
replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members of the committee present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not
such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution
of the Board of Directors and subject to the provisions of law, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation and may authorize the seal of the
corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Each such committee shall keep minutes and make such reports as the Board of Directors may from time to time request. Except as the Board of Directors may otherwise determine, any
committee may make rules for the conduct of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the directors or in such rules, its business shall be conducted as nearly as possible in the same manner as is provided in these By-laws for the Board of Directors. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-laws, or the resolution of the Board of Directors designating
the committee, a committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of the committee, and delegate to a subcommittee any or all of the powers and authority of the committee. 

2.17 Compensation of Directors. Directors may be paid such compensation for their services and such reimbursement for expenses of attendance at
meetings as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the corporation or any of its parent or subsidiary entities in any other capacity and receiving compensation for such
service. 

ARTICLE III 

OFFICERS 

3.1 Titles. The
officers of the corporation shall consist of a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other officers with such other titles as the Board of Directors shall determine, including one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant
Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries. The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers as it may deem appropriate. 

8 

3.2 Election. The Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer and Secretary shall be elected
annually by the Board of Directors at its first meeting following the annual meeting of stockholders. Other officers may be appointed by the Board of Directors at such meeting or at any other meeting. 

3.3 Qualification. No officer need be a stockholder. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. 

3.4 Tenure. Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-laws,
each officer shall hold office until such officers successor is elected and qualified, unless a different term is specified in the resolution electing or appointing such officer, or until such officers earlier death, resignation or
removal. 

3.5 Resignation and Removal. Any officer may resign by delivering a resignation in writing or by electronic transmission to the
corporation at its principal office or to the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some later time or upon the happening of some later
event. Any officer may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by vote of a majority of the directors then in office. Except as the Board of Directors may otherwise determine, no officer who resigns or is removed shall have any right to any
compensation as an officer for any period following such officers resignation or removal, or any right to damages on account of such removal, whether such officers compensation be by the month or by the year or otherwise, unless such
compensation is expressly provided for in a duly authorized written agreement with the corporation. 

3.6 Vacancies. The Board of Directors
may fill any vacancy occurring in any office for any reason and may, in its discretion, leave unfilled for such period as it may determine any offices other than those of Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer and Secretary. Each such
successor shall hold office for the unexpired term of such officers predecessor and until a successor is elected and qualified, or until such officers earlier death, resignation or removal. 

3.7 President; Chief Executive Officer. Unless the Board of Directors has designated another person as the corporations Chief Executive
Officer, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation. The Chief Executive Officer shall have general charge and supervision of the business of the corporation subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, and shall
perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the office of chief executive or that are delegated to such officer by the Board of Directors. The President shall perform such other duties and shall have such other powers as the
Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer (if the President is not the Chief Executive Officer) may from time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the Chief Executive Officer or the President (if the
President is not the Chief Executive Officer), the Vice President (or if there shall be more than one, the Vice Presidents in the order determined by the Board of Directors) shall perform the duties of the Chief Executive Officer and when so
performing such duties shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Chief Executive Officer. 

3.8 Vice
Presidents. Each Vice President shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time prescribe. The Board of Directors may assign to any Vice President the title of
Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President or any other title selected by the Board of Directors. 

3.9 Secretary and Assistant
Secretaries. The Secretary shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time prescribe. In addition, the Secretary shall perform such duties and have such powers
as are incident to the office of the secretary, including without limitation the duty and power to give notices of all meetings of stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, to attend all meetings of stockholders and the Board of
Directors and keep a record of the proceedings, to maintain a stock ledger and prepare lists of stockholders and their addresses as required, to be custodian of corporate records and the corporate seal and to affix and attest to the same on
documents. 

9 

Any Assistant Secretary shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board of Directors, the
Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary may from time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the Secretary, the Assistant Secretary (or if there shall be more than one, the Assistant Secretaries in the order
determined by the Board of Directors) shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Secretary. 

In the absence of the Secretary or any Assistant
Secretary at any meeting of stockholders or directors, the chairman of the meeting shall designate a temporary secretary to keep a record of the meeting. 

3.10 Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers. The Treasurer shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as may from time to time be assigned
by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. In addition, the Treasurer shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident to the office of treasurer, including without limitation the duty and power to keep and be
responsible for all funds and securities of the corporation, to deposit funds of the corporation in depositories selected in accordance with these By-laws, to disburse such funds as ordered by the Board of
Directors, to make proper accounts of such funds, and to render as required by the Board of Directors statements of all such transactions and of the financial condition of the corporation. 

The Assistant Treasurers shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Treasurer may from
time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the Treasurer, the Assistant Treasurer (or if there shall be more than one, the Assistant Treasurers in the order determined by the Board of Directors) shall perform
the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer. 

3.11 Salaries. Officers of the corporation shall be entitled to such salaries,
compensation or reimbursement as shall be fixed or allowed from time to time by the Board of Directors. 

3.12 Delegation of Authority. The
Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officer or agent, notwithstanding any provision hereof. 

ARTICLE IV 

CAPITAL
STOCK 

4.1 Issuance of Stock. Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the whole or any part of any unissued
balance of the authorized capital stock of the corporation or the whole or any part of any shares of the authorized capital stock of the corporation held in the corporations treasury may be issued, sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by
vote of the Board of Directors in such manner, for such lawful consideration and on such terms as the Board of Directors may determine. 

4.2 Stock Certificates; Uncertificated Shares. The shares of the corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of
Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the corporations stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such
certificate is surrendered to the corporation. Every holder of stock of the corporation represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate, in such form as may be prescribed by law and by the Board of Directors, representing the
number of shares held by such holder registered in certificate form. Each such certificate shall be signed in a manner that complies with Section 158 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

Each certificate for shares of stock which are subject to any restriction on transfer pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-laws, applicable securities laws or any agreement among any number of stockholders or among such holders and the corporation shall have conspicuously noted on the face or back of the certificate either the full
text of the restriction or a statement of the existence of such restriction. 

If the corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock
or more than one series of any class, the powers, designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences
and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of each certificate representing shares of such class or series of stock, 

10 

provided that in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of each certificate representing shares of such class or series of stock a statement that the
corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests a copy of the full text of the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and
the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. 

Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of
uncertificated shares, the corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to Sections 151, 202(a) or 218(a) of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware or, with respect to Section 151 of General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, a statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations,
preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. 

4.3 Transfers. Shares of stock of the corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by law and in these By-laws. Transfers of shares of stock of the corporation shall be made only on the books of the corporation or by transfer agents designated to transfer shares of stock of the corporation. Subject to applicable law,
shares of stock represented by certificates shall be transferred only on the books of the corporation by the surrender to the corporation or its transfer agent of the certificate representing such shares properly endorsed or accompanied by a written
assignment or power of attorney properly executed, and with such proof of authority or the authenticity of signature as the corporation or its transfer agent may reasonably require. Uncertificated shares may be transferred by delivery of a written
assignment or power of attorney properly executed, and with such proof of authority or the authenticity of signature as the corporation or its transfer agent may reasonably require. Except as may be otherwise required by law, by the Certificate of
Incorporation or by these By-laws, the corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all purposes, including the payment of dividends
and the right to vote with respect to such stock, regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock until the shares have been transferred on the books of the corporation in accordance with the requirements of these By-laws.

4.4 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. The corporation may issue a new certificate of stock
in place of any previously issued certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon such terms and conditions as the corporation may prescribe, including the presentation of reasonable evidence of such loss, theft or destruction and
the giving of such indemnity and posting of such bond as the corporation may require for the protection of the corporation or any transfer agent or registrar. 

4.5 Record Date. The Board of Directors may fix in advance a date as a record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to notice
of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action.
Such record date shall not precede the date on which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and such record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other
action to which such record date relates. 

If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a
meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day before the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day before the day on which the meeting is held. If no record date is fixed, the
record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating to such purpose. 

A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting;
provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 

4.6 Regulations. The issue, transfer,
conversion and registration of shares of stock of the corporation shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board of Directors may establish. 

11 

ARTICLE V 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

5.1 Fiscal
Year. Except as from time to time otherwise designated by the Board of Directors, the fiscal year of the corporation shall begin on the first day of January of each year and end on the last day of December in each year. 

5.2 Corporate Seal. The corporate seal shall be in such form as shall be approved by the Board of Directors. 

5.3 Waiver of Notice. Whenever notice is required to be given by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-laws, a written waiver signed by the person entitled to notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before, at or after the time of the event for which notice is to be
given, shall be deemed equivalent to notice required to be given to such person. Neither the business nor the purpose of any meeting need be specified in any such waiver. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of
such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

5.4 Voting of Securities. Except as the Board of Directors may otherwise designate, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or the Treasurer
may waive notice of, vote, or appoint any person or persons to vote, on behalf of the corporation at, and act as, or appoint any person or persons to act as, proxy or
attorney-in-fact for this corporation (with or without power of substitution) at, any meeting of stockholders or securityholders of any other entity, the securities of
which may be held by this corporation. 

5.5 Evidence of Authority. A certificate by the Secretary, or an Assistant Secretary, or a temporary
Secretary, as to any action taken by the stockholders, directors, a committee or any officer or representative of the corporation shall as to all persons who rely on the certificate in good faith be conclusive evidence of such action. 

5.6 Certificate of Incorporation. All references in these By-laws to the Certificate of Incorporation
shall be deemed to refer to the Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation, as amended and/or restated and in effect from time to time. 

5.7 Severability. Any determination that any provision of these By-laws is for any reason inapplicable,
illegal or ineffective shall not affect or invalidate any other provision of these By-laws.

5.8 Pronouns. All pronouns used in these By-laws shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine or
neuter, singular or plural, as the identity of the person or persons may require. 

ARTICLE VI 

AMENDMENTS 

These By-laws may be altered, amended or repealed, in whole or in part, or new By-laws may be adopted by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders as provided in the Certificate
of Incorporation. 

12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rntx-20250110.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rntx-20250110_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 
Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address Address Line 2 
Entity Address Address Line 2 

Entity Address City Or Town 
Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 
Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 
Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rntx-20250110_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Document and Entity Information

Jan. 10, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Jan. 10, 2025

Entity Registrant Name Rein Therapeutics, Inc.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-38130

Entity Tax Identification Number 13-4196017

Entity Address Address Line 1 12407 N. Mopac Expy.

Entity Address Address Line 2 Suite 250, #390

Entity Address City Or Town Austin

Entity Address State Or Province TX

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 78758

City Area Code 737

Local Phone Number 802-1989

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share

Trading Symbol RNTX

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity Central Index Key 0001420565

Amendment Flag false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
24 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.aileronrx.com//20250110/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

d898488d8k.htm 
rntx-20250110.xsd 
rntx-20250110_lab.xml 
rntx-20250110_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-004443-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>d898488d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001420565 

2025-01-10 
2025-01-10 

NASDAQ 
Rein Therapeutics, Inc. 
--12-31 
0001420565 
false 
8-K 
2025-01-10 
DE 
001-38130 
13-4196017 
12407 N. Mopac Expy. 
Suite 250, #390 
Austin 
TX 
78758 
737 
802-1989 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share 
RNTX 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>