<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001810806-25-000042.txt : 20250227
<SEC-HEADER>0001810806-25-000042.hdr.sgml : 20250227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250227163932
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001810806-25-000042
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		22
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250224
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Unity Software Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001810806
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				270334803
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39497
		FILM NUMBER:		25679893

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		116 NEW MONTGOMERY STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105-3607
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 638-9950

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		116 NEW MONTGOMERY STREET
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105-3607
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>unity-20250224.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?unity-20250224

FALSE000181080600018108062025-02-242025-02-24

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 24, 2025

UNITY SOFTWARE INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-39497 27-0334803

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

116 New Montgomery Street 

San Francisco, California94105-3607 

(Address, including zip code, of principal executive offices) 

(415) 638-9950 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

30 3rd Street, San Francisco, California 94103 

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, $0.000005 par value U The New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Agreement.

Indenture and Notes

On February 27, 2025, Unity Software Inc. (the Company) completed its previously announced private offering (the Offering) of $690.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes), including the exercise in full of the initial purchasers option to purchase up to an additional $90.0 million principal amount of the Notes. The Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated February 27, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.

The Notes are general unsecured obligations of the Company and will mature on March 15, 2030, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. The Notes will not bear regular interest, and the principal amount of the Notes will not accrete. Special interest, if any, will be payable semiannually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025 (if and to the extent that special interest is then payable on the Notes). The Notes are convertible at the option of the holders at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December 15, 2029, only under the following conditions: (1) during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2025 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Companys common stock, par value $0.000005 per share (the Common Stock), for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price for the Notes on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any ten consecutive trading day period (the measurement period) in which the trading price (as defined in the Indenture) per $1,000 principal amount of the Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the Common Stock and the conversion rate for the Notes on each such trading day; (3) if the Company calls such Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date, but only with respect to the Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption; and (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events as set forth in the Indenture. On or after December 15, 2029, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert all or any portion of their Notes, in multiples of $1,000 principal amount, at their option at any time, regardless of the foregoing conditions. Upon conversion, the Company may satisfy its conversion obligation by paying or delivering, as the case may be, cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, at the Companys election, in the manner and subject to the terms and conditions provided in the Indenture.

The conversion rate for the Notes will initially be 27.6656 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $36.15 per share of Common Stock. The initial conversion price of the Notes represents a premium of approximately 32.5% to the last reported sale price of the Common Stock on The New York Stock Exchange on February 24, 2025. The conversion rate for the Notes is subject to adjustment under certain circumstances in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date of the Notes or if the Company delivers a notice of redemption in respect of the Notes, the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate of the Notes for a holder who elects to convert its Notes in connection with such a corporate event or convert its Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption during the related redemption period (as defined in the Indenture), as the case may be.

The Company may not redeem the Notes prior to March 20, 2028. The Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the Notes (subject to the partial redemption limitation set forth in the Indenture), at its option, on or after March 20, 2028, if the last reported sale price of the Common Stock has been at least 130% of the conversion price for the Notes then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides written notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to 

be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. If the Company redeems less than all the outstanding Notes, at least $100 million aggregate principal amount of Notes must be outstanding and not subject to redemption as of, and after giving effect to, delivery of the relevant notice of redemption. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes.

If the Company undergoes a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture), then, subject to certain conditions and except as set forth in the Indenture, holders may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date.

The Indenture includes customary covenants and sets forth certain events of default after which the Notes may be declared immediately due and payable and sets forth certain types of bankruptcy or insolvency events of default involving the Company after which the Notes become automatically due and payable. The following events are considered events of default under the Indenture:

default in any payment of special interest on any Note when due and payable and the default continues for a period of 30 days;

default in the payment of principal of any Note when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon optional redemption, upon any required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise;

failure by the Company to comply with its obligation to convert the Notes in accordance with the Indenture upon exercise of a holders conversion right and such failure continues for three business days;

failure by the Company to give (i) a fundamental change notice or notice of a make-whole fundamental change (each as described in the Indenture), in either case when due, and such failure continues for two business days, or (ii) notice of a specified corporate transaction (as described in the Indenture) when due and such failure continues for one business day;

failure by the Company to comply with its obligations in respect of any consolidation, merger or sale of assets;

failure by the Company to comply with any of the Companys other agreements in the Notes or the Indenture for 60 days after receipt of written notice of such failure from the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding;

default by the Company or any of its significant subsidiaries (as defined in the Indenture) with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed with a principal amount in excess of $100,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent), in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such significant subsidiary, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created, (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity date or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal of any such indebtedness when due and payable (after the expiration of all applicable grace periods) at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, and in the cases of clauses (i) and (ii), such acceleration shall not have been rescinded or annulled or such failure to pay or default shall not have been cured or waived, or such indebtedness is not paid or discharged, as the case may be, within 45 days after written notice to the Company by the trustee or to the Company and the trustee by holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding in accordance with the Indenture; and

certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the Company or any of the Companys significant subsidiaries.

If certain bankruptcy and insolvency-related events of default occur with respect to the Company, the principal of, and accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, on, all of the then outstanding Notes shall 

automatically become due and payable. If an event of default with respect to the Notes, other than certain bankruptcy and insolvency-related events of default with respect to the Company, occurs and is continuing, the trustee, by notice to the Company, or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes by notice to the Company and the trustee, may declare 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, on all the outstanding Notes to be due and payable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indenture provides that, to the extent the Company so elects, the sole remedy for an event of default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture will, for the first 365 days after the occurrence of such an event of default, consist exclusively of the right to receive special interest on the Notes.

The Indenture provides that the Company shall not consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the consolidated properties and assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person (other than any such sale, conveyance, transfer or lease to one or more of the Companys direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries), unless: (i) the resulting, surviving or transferee person (if not the Company) is a qualified successor entity (as defined in the Indenture) (such qualified successor entity, the successor entity) organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and such successor entity (if not the Company) expressly assumes by supplemental indenture all of the Companys obligations under the Notes and the Indenture; and (ii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing under the Indenture.

A copy of the Indenture is attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1 (including the form of the Notes attached hereto as Exhibit 4.2) and is incorporated herein by reference (and this description is qualified in its entirety by reference to such document).

Capped Call Transactions

On February 24, 2025, in connection with the pricing of the Notes, and on February 26, 2025, in connection with the exercise in full by the initial purchasers of their option to purchase additional Notes, the Company entered into capped call transactions with certain of the initial purchasers of the Notes or affiliates thereof and other financial institutions, pursuant to capped call confirmations in substantially the form filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated herein by reference (and this description is qualified in its entirety by reference to such document). The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to the Common Stock upon any conversion of the Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap based on a cap price initially equal to $47.74 per share (which represents a premium of 75% over the last reported sale price of the Common Stock of $27.28 per share on the New York Stock Exchange on February 24, 2025), and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the capped call transactions.

Proceeds

The Companys net proceeds from the Offering were approximately $675.0 million, after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company used approximately $44.4 million of the net proceeds to pay the cost of the capped call transactions described above. In addition, the Company used approximately $600.0 million of the net proceeds from the Offering to repurchase for cash approximately $644.3 million in aggregate principal amount of its 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes) concurrently with the pricing of the Offering in privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of the 2026 Notes. The Company intends to cancel the repurchased 2026 Notes and, after such cancellation of repurchased 2026 Notes, approximately $600.9 million aggregate principal amounts of 2026 Notes will remain outstanding. The Company expects to use the remaining net proceeds from the Offering for general corporate purposes, which may include additional repurchases of the 2026 Notes from time to time following the Offering, and acquisitions or strategic investments in complementary businesses or technologies (although the Company does not currently have any plans for any such acquisitions or investments), working capital, operating expenses and capital expenditures.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.

The Company offered and sold the Notes to the initial purchasers in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and for resale by the initial purchasers to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The Company relied on these exemptions from registration based in part on representations made by the initial purchasers in the purchase agreement dated February 24, 2025 by and among the Company and the initial purchasers.

The Notes and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes, if any, have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.

To the extent that any shares of Common Stock are issued upon conversion of the Notes, they will be issued in transactions anticipated to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act by virtue of Section 3(a)(9) thereof because no commission or other remuneration is expected to be paid in connection with conversion of the Notes and any resulting issuance of shares of Common Stock. Initially, a maximum of 25,293,192 shares of Common Stock may be issued upon conversion of the Notes based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 36.6568 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions.

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On February 24, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the proposed Offering. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

On February 24, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Notes. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements, as that term is defined under the federal securities laws, including but not limited to statements regarding the Offering, the effects of the capped call transactions, the note repurchase transactions and the Companys expectations regarding the expected net proceeds from the Offering and the use of those net proceeds. These forward-looking statements are based on the Companys current assumptions, expectations and beliefs and are subject to substantial risks, uncertainties, assumptions and changes in circumstances that may cause the Companys plans to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. These risks include, but are not limited to, market risks, trends and conditions, and those risks described in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) from time to time, particularly under the captions Risk Factors and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, including the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Copies of these documents may be obtained by visiting the SECs website at www.sec.gov. These forward-looking statements represent the Companys estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit Number 

Description of Exhibit

4.1 

Indenture, dated as of February 27, 2025, by and between Unity Software Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee

4.2 

Form of Global Note, representing Unity Software Inc.s 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1)

10.1 

Form of Confirmation for Capped Call Transactions

99.1 

Press release entitled Unity Announces Proposed $500.0 Million Offering of Convertible Senior Notes, dated February 24, 2025

99.2 

Press release entitled Unity Announces Pricing of Upsized $600.0 Million Offering of Convertible Senior Notes, dated February 24, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

UNITY SOFTWARE INC.

Date: February 27, 2025 By: /s/ Jarrod Yahes

Jarrod Yahes

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit41-indenture.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-4.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 4.1

Execution Version

UNITY SOFTWARE INC.

AND

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

INDENTURE

Dated as of February 27, 2025

0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE 1

Definitions

Section 1.01 . Definitions 1

Section 1.02 . References to Interest 15

ARTICLE 2

Issue, Description, Execution, Registration and Exchange of Notes

Section 2.01 . Designation and Amount 15

Section 2.02 . Form of Notes 15

Section 2.03 . Date and Denomination of Notes; No Regular Interest; Special Interest and Defaulted Amounts 16

Section 2.04 . Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes 18

Section 2.05 . Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfer; Depositary. 18

Section 2.06 . Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 25

Section 2.07 . Temporary Notes 26

Section 2.08 . Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc 27

Section 2.09 . CUSIP Numbers 27

Section 2.10 . Additional Notes; Repurchases 27

ARTICLE 3

Satisfaction and Discharge

Section 3.01 . Satisfaction and Discharge 28

ARTICLE 4

Particular Covenants of the Company

Section 4.01 . Payment of Principal and Special Interest 29

Section 4.02 . Maintenance of Office or Agency 29

Section 4.03 . Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office 30

Section 4.04 . Provisions as to Paying Agent 30

Section 4.05 . Existence 31

Section 4.06 . Rule 144A Information Requirement and Annual Reports 31

Section 4.07 . Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 33

Section 4.08 . Compliance Certificate; Statements as to Defaults 34

Section 4.09 . Further Instruments and Acts 34

ARTICLE 5

Lists of Holders and Reports by the Company and the Trustee

Section 5.01 . Lists of Holders 34

Section 5.02 . Preservation and Disclosure of Lists 34

ARTICLE 6

Defaults and Remedies

Section 6.01 . Events of Default 35

Section 6.02 . Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment 36

Section 6.03 . Special Interest 37

Section 6.04 . Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor 38

Section 6.05 . Application of Monies Collected by Trustee 39

Section 6.06 . Proceedings by Holders 40

Section 6.07 . Proceedings by Trustee 41

Section 6.08 . Remedies Cumulative and Continuing 41

Section 6.09 . Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of Holders 42

Section 6.10 . Notice of Defaults 42

Section 6.11 . Undertaking to Pay Costs 43

ARTICLE 7

Concerning the Trustee

Section 7.01 . Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee 43

Section 7.02 . Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc 45

Section 7.03 . No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc 46

Section 7.04 . Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar May Own Notes 47

Section 7.05 . Monies and Shares of Common Stock to Be Held in Trust 47

Section 7.06 . Compensation and Expenses of Trustee 47

Section 7.07 . Officers Certificate as Evidence 48

Section 7.08 . Eligibility of Trustee 48

Section 7.09 . Resignation or Removal of Trustee. 48

Section 7.10 . Acceptance by Successor Trustee 49

Section 7.11 . Succession by Merger, Etc 50

Section 7.12 . Trustees Application for Instructions from the Company 51

ARTICLE 8

Concerning the Holders

Section 8.01 . Action by Holders 51

Section 8.02 . Proof of Execution by Holders 51

Section 8.03 . Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners 52

Section 8.04 . Company-Owned Notes Disregarded 52

Section 8.05 . Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound 53

ARTICLE 9

Holders Meetings

Section 9.01 . Purpose of Meetings 53

Section 9.02 . Call of Meetings by Trustee 53

Section 9.03 . Call of Meetings by Company or Holders 54

Section 9.04 . Qualifications for Voting 54

Section 9.05 . Regulations 54

Section 9.06 . Voting 55

Section 9.07 . No Delay of Rights by Meeting 55

ARTICLE 10

Supplemental Indentures

Section 10.01 . Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders 55

Section 10.02 . Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders 57

Section 10.03 . Effect of Supplemental Indentures 58

Section 10.04 . Notation on Notes 58

Section 10.05 . Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be Furnished to Trustee 58

ARTICLE 11

Consolidation, Merger, Sale, Conveyance and Lease

Section 11.01 . Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms 59

Section 11.02 . Successor Entity to Be Substituted 59

ARTICLE 12

Immunity of Incorporators, Stockholders, Officers and Directors

Section 12.01 . Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations 60

ARTICLE 13

[Intentionally Omitted]

ARTICLE 14

Conversion of Notes

Section 14.01 . Conversion Privilege. 60

Section 14.02 . Conversion Procedure; Settlement Upon Conversion. 64

Section 14.03 . Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes Surrendered in Connection with Make-Whole Fundamental Changes or a Notice of Redemption. 70

Section 14.04 . Adjustment of Conversion Rate 73

Section 14.05 . Adjustments of Prices 82

Section 14.06 . Shares to Be Fully Paid 83

Section 14.07 . Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock. 83

Section 14.08 . Certain Covenants 85

Section 14.09 . Responsibility of Trustee 85

Section 14.10 . [Intentionally Omitted]. 86

Section 14.11 . Stockholder Rights Plans 86

Section 14.12 . Exchange in Lieu of Conversion. 86

ARTICLE 15

Repurchase of Notes at Option of Holders

Section 15.01 . [Intentionally Omitted]. 87

Section 15.02 . Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change. 87

Section 15.03 . Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice 91

Section 15.04 . Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price 91

Section 15.05 . Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes 92

ARTICLE 16

Optional Redemption

Section 16.01 . Optional Redemption 92

Section 16.02 . Notice of Optional Redemption; Selection of Notes. 93

Section 16.03 . Payment of Notes Called for Redemption. 94

Section 16.04 . Restrictions on Redemption 95

ARTICLE 17

Miscellaneous Provisions

Section 17.01 . Provisions Binding on Companys Successors 95

Section 17.02 . Official Acts by Successor Entity 95

Section 17.03 . Addresses for Notices, Etc 95

Section 17.04 . Governing Law; Jurisdiction 96

Section 17.05 . Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent; Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to Trustee 97

Section 17.06 . Legal Holidays 97

Section 17.07 . No Security Interest Created 97

Section 17.08 . Benefits of Indenture 98

Section 17.09 . Table of Contents, Headings, Etc 98

Section 17.10 . Authenticating Agent 98

Section 17.11 . Execution in Counterparts 99

Section 17.12 . Severability 99

Section 17.13 . Waiver of Jury Trial 99

Section 17.14 . Force Majeure 99

Section 17.15 . Calculations 100

Section 17.16 . USA PATRIOT Act 100

Section 17.17 . Electronic Signatures 100

EXHIBIT

Exhibit A Form of Note A-1

INDENTURE dated as of February 27, 2025 between UNITY SOFTWARE INC., a Delaware corporation, as issuer (the Company, as more fully set forth in Section 1.01) and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee, as more fully set forth in Section 1.01).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, for its lawful corporate purposes, the Company has duly authorized the issuance of its 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes), initially in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $690,000,000, and in order to provide the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are to be authenticated, issued and delivered, the Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture; and

WHEREAS, the Form of Note, the certificate of authentication to be borne by each Note, the Form of Notice of Conversion, the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice and the Form of Assignment and Transfer to be borne by the Notes are to be substantially in the forms hereinafter provided; and

WHEREAS, all acts and things necessary to make the Notes, when executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent, as in this Indenture provided, the valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and this Indenture a valid agreement according to its terms, have been done and performed, and the execution of this Indenture and the issuance hereunder of the Notes have in all respects been duly authorized.

NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

That in order to declare the terms and conditions upon which the Notes are, and are to be, authenticated, issued and delivered, and in consideration of the premises and of the purchase and acceptance of the Notes by the Holders thereof, the Company covenants and agrees with the Trustee for the equal and proportionate benefit of the respective Holders from time to time of the Notes (except as otherwise provided below), as follows:

ARTICLE 1

Definitions

Section 1.01. Definitions. The terms defined in this Section 1.01 (except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires) for all purposes of this Indenture and of any indenture supplemental hereto shall have the respective meanings specified in this Section 1.01. The words herein, hereof, hereunder and words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. The terms defined in this Article include the plural as well as the singular.

1% Exception shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(k).

Additional Shares shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(a).

Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified 

Person. For the purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the determination of whether one Person is an Affiliate of another Person for purposes of this Indenture shall be made based on the facts at the time such determination is made or required to be made, as the case may be, hereunder.

Bid Solicitation Agent means the Company or the Person appointed by the Company to solicit bids for the Trading Price of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.01(b)(i). The Company shall initially act as the Bid Solicitation Agent.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or a committee of such board duly authorized to act for it hereunder.

Board Resolution means a copy of a resolution certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors, and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Trustee.

Business Combination Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.01.

Business Day means, with respect to any Note, any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed. 

Called Notes means Notes called for Optional Redemption pursuant to Article 16 or subject to a Deemed Redemption.

Capital Stock means, for any entity, any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) stock issued by that entity, but shall not include any debt securities convertible into or exchangeable for any securities otherwise constituting Capital Stock pursuant to this definition.

Cash Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a).

Clause A Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Clause B Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Clause C Distribution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

close of business means 5:00 p.m. (New York City time).

Combination Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a).

Commission means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Equity of any Person means Capital Stock of such Person that is generally entitled (a) to vote in the election of directors of such Person or (b) if such Person is not a 

corporation, to vote or otherwise participate in the selection of the governing body, partners, managers or others that will control the management or policies of such Person.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.000005 per share, at the date of this Indenture, subject to Section 14.07.

Company shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of this Indenture, and subject to the provisions of Article 11, shall include its successors and assigns.

Company Order means a written order of the Company signed by any of its Officers and delivered to the Trustee.

Conversion Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02.

Conversion Consideration shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.12(a).

Conversion Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(c).

Conversion Obligation shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(a).

Conversion Price means as of any time, $1,000, divided by the Conversion Rate as of such time.

Conversion Rate shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(a).

Corporate Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(iii).

Corporate Trust Office means the designated office of the Trustee at which at any time this Indenture shall be administered, which office at the date hereof is located at U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, 100 Wall St, Suite 600, New York, NY 10005, Attention: J. Hall (Unity Software Inc.), or such other address in the continental United States as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company, or the designated corporate trust office of any successor trustee (or such other address as such successor trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company).

Custodian means the Trustee, as custodian for The Depository Trust Company, with respect to the Global Notes, or any successor entity thereto.

Daily Conversion Value means, for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant Observation Period, 2.5% of the product of (a) the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day and (b) the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day.

Daily Measurement Value means the Specified Dollar Amount (if any), divided by 40.

Daily Settlement Amount, for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant Observation Period, shall consist of:

(a) cash in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the Daily Measurement Value and (ii) the Daily Conversion Value on such Trading Day; and

(b) if the Daily Conversion Value on such Trading Day exceeds the Daily Measurement Value, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to (i) the difference between the Daily Conversion Value on such Trading Day and the Daily Measurement Value, divided by (ii) the Daily VWAP for such Trading Day.

Daily VWAP means, for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the relevant Observation Period, the per share volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page U <equity> AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Trading Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable, the market value of one share of the Common Stock on such Trading Day determined, using a volume-weighted average method, by a nationally recognized independent investment banking firm retained for this purpose by the Company). The Daily VWAP shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session trading hours.

Deemed Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(v).

Default means any event that is, or after notice or passage of time, or both, would be, an Event of Default.

Default Settlement Method means, initially, Combination Settlement with a Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes of $1,000. 

Defaulted Amounts means any amounts on any Note (including, without limitation, the Redemption Price, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, principal and Special Interest, if any) that are payable but are not punctually paid or duly provided for.

De-Legending Deadline Date means, with respect to any Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (or any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof) or any additional Notes issued pursuant to Section 2.10 (or any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof), the 380th day after the last date of original issuance of such Notes or additional Notes, as applicable; provided, however, that if such 380th day is after a Special Interest Record Date and on or before the next Special Interest Payment Date, then the De-Legending Deadline Date for such Note will instead be the fifth Business Day immediately after such Special Interest Payment Date.

Depositary means, with respect to each Global Note, the Person specified in Section 2.05(c) as the Depositary with respect to such Notes, until a successor shall have been appointed and become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter, Depositary shall mean or include such successor.

Designated Financial Institution shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.12(a).

Distributed Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Effective Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(c), except that, as used in Section 14.04 and Section 14.05, Effective Date means the first date on which shares of the Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, reflecting the relevant share split or share combination, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of shares of the Common Stock under a separate ticker symbol or CUSIP number will not be considered regular way for this purpose.

Event of Default shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.01.

Ex-Dividend Date means the first date on which shares of the Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive the issuance, dividend or distribution in question, from the Company or, if applicable, from the seller of Common Stock on such exchange or market (in the form of due bills or otherwise) as determined by such exchange or market. For the avoidance of doubt, any alternative trading convention on the applicable exchange or market in respect of shares of the Common Stock under a separate ticker symbol or CUSIP number will not be considered regular way for this purpose. 

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Election shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.12(a).

Exempted Fundamental Change shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(f).

Form of Assignment and Transfer means the Form of Assignment and Transfer attached as Attachment 3 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice means the Form of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice attached as Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Form of Note means the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Form of Notice of Conversion means the Form of Notice of Conversion attached as Attachment 1 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A.

Fundamental Change shall be deemed to have occurred at the time after the Notes are originally issued if any of the following occurs:

(a) except in connection with transactions described in clause (b) below, a person or group within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, other than the Company, its direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and the employee benefit plans of the Company and its Wholly Owned Subsidiaries, has become and files a Schedule TO (or any successor schedule, form or report) or any schedule, form or report under the Exchange Act that discloses that such person or group has become the direct or indirect beneficial owner, as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, of shares 

of the Common Stock representing more than 50% of the voting power of the Common Stock, unless such beneficial ownership arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act and is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act regardless of whether such a filing has actually been made; provided that no person or group shall be deemed to be the beneficial owner of any securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or group until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange under such offer; 

(b) the consummation of (A) any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than a change to par value, or from par value to no par value, or changes resulting from a subdivision or combination) as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets; (B) any share exchange, consolidation or merger of the Company pursuant to which the Common Stock will be converted into cash, securities or other property or assets; or (C) any sale, lease or other transfer in one transaction or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than one or more of the Companys direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiaries; provided, however, that a transaction described in clause (A) or clause (B) in which the holders of all classes of the Companys Common Equity immediately prior to such transaction own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of all classes of Common Equity of the continuing or surviving corporation or transferee or the parent thereof immediately after such transaction in substantially the same proportions (relative to each other) as such ownership immediately prior to such transaction shall not be a Fundamental Change pursuant to this clause (b);

(c) the stockholders of the Company approve any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; or

(d) the Common Stock (or other common stock underlying the Notes) ceases to be listed or quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors);

provided, however, that a transaction or transactions described in clause (b) above shall not constitute a Fundamental Change, if at least 90% of the consideration received or to be received by the common stockholders of the Company, excluding cash payments for fractional shares and cash payments made in respect of dissenters appraisal rights, in connection with such transaction or transactions consists of shares of common stock that are listed or quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the Nasdaq Global Market (or any of their respective successors) or will be so listed or quoted when issued or exchanged in connection with such transaction or transactions and as a result of such transaction or transactions the Notes become convertible into such consideration, excluding cash payments for fractional shares and cash payments made in respect of dissenters appraisal rights (subject to the provisions of Section 14.02(a)). If any transaction in which the Common Stock is replaced by 

the common stock or other Common Equity of another entity occurs, following completion of any related Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period (or, in the case of a transaction that would have been a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change but for the proviso immediately following clause (d) of this definition, following the effective date of such transaction), references to the Company in this definition shall instead be references to such other entity.

Fundamental Change Company Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(c).

Fundamental Change Repurchase Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(a).

Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(b)(i).

Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 15.02(a).

The terms given, mailed, notify or sent with respect to any notice to be given to a Holder pursuant to this Indenture, shall mean notice (x) given to the Depositary (or its designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from the Depositary or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with accepted practices or applicable procedures at the Depositary (in the case of a Global Note) or (y) mailed to such Holder by first class mail, postage prepaid, at its address as it appears on the Note Register (in the case of a Physical Note), in each case, in accordance with Section 17.03. Notice so given shall be deemed to include any notice to be mailed or delivered, as applicable, under this Indenture.

Global Note shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(b).

Holder, as applied to any Note, or other similar terms (but excluding the term beneficial holder), means any Person in whose name at the time a particular Note is registered on the Note Register.

Indenture means this instrument as originally executed or, if amended or supplemented as herein provided, as so amended or supplemented.

Initial Purchasers means BofA Securities, Inc. and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as representatives of the several initial purchasers named in Schedule I to the Purchase Agreement.

last date of original issuance means (a) with respect to any Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, the date the Company first issues such Notes; and (b) with respect to any additional Notes issued pursuant to Section 2.10, and any Notes issued in exchange therefor or in substitution thereof, either (i) the later of (x) the date such Notes are originally issued and (y) the last date any Notes are originally issued as part of the same offering pursuant to the exercise of an option granted to the initial purchaser(s) of such Notes to purchase additional Notes; or (ii) such other date as is 

specified in an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee before the original issuance of such Notes.

Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock (or any other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) on any date means the closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average bid and the average ask prices) on that date as reported in composite transactions for the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is traded. If the Common Stock (or such other security) is not listed for trading on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange on the relevant date, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the last quoted bid price for the Common Stock (or such other security) in the over-the-counter market on the relevant date as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. or a similar organization. If the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so quoted, the Last Reported Sale Price shall be the average of the mid-point of the last bid and ask prices for the Common Stock (or such other security) on the relevant date from each of at least three nationally recognized independent investment banking firms selected by the Company for this purpose. The Last Reported Sale Price shall be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of regular trading session hours.

Make-Whole Fundamental Change means any transaction or event that constitutes a Fundamental Change (as defined above and determined after giving effect to any exceptions to or exclusions from such definition, but without regard to the proviso in clause (b) of the definition thereof).

Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(a).

Market Disruption Event means, for the purposes of determining amounts due upon conversion (a) a failure by the primary U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) the occurrence or existence prior to 1:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Scheduled Trading Day for the Common Stock for more than one half-hour period in the aggregate during regular trading hours of any suspension or limitation imposed on trading (by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant stock exchange or otherwise) in the Common Stock or in any options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Common Stock.

Maturity Date means March 15, 2030.

Measurement Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(i).

Note or Notes shall have the meaning specified in the first paragraph of the recitals of this Indenture.

Note Register shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a).

Note Registrar shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a).

Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(b).

Notice of Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(a).

Observation Period with respect to any Note surrendered for conversion means: (i) subject to clause (ii), if the relevant Conversion Date occurs prior to December 15, 2029, the 40 consecutive Trading Day period beginning on, and including, the second Trading Day immediately succeeding such Conversion Date; (ii) with respect to any Called Notes, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the related Redemption Period, the 40 consecutive Trading Days beginning on, and including, the 41st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding such Redemption Date; and (iii) subject to clause (ii), if the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after December 15, 2029, the 40 consecutive Trading Days beginning on, and including, the 41st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date.

Offering Memorandum means the preliminary offering memorandum dated February 24, 2025, as supplemented by the related pricing term sheet dated February 24, 2025, relating to the offering and sale of the Notes.

Officer means, with respect to the Company, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the General Counsel, the Treasurer, the Secretary, any Executive or Senior Vice President or any Vice President (whether or not designated by a number or numbers or word or words added before or after the title Vice President).

Officers Certificate, when used with respect to the Company, means a certificate that is delivered to the Trustee and that is signed by any Officer of the Company. Each such certificate shall include the statements provided for in Section 17.05 if and to the extent required by the provisions of such Section. The Officer giving an Officers Certificate pursuant to Section 4.08 shall be the principal executive, financial or accounting officer of the Company.

open of business means 9:00 a.m. (New York City time).

Opinion of Counsel means an opinion in writing signed by legal counsel, who may be an employee of or counsel to the Company, or other counsel who is reasonably acceptable to the Trustee, which opinion may contain customary exceptions and qualifications as to the matters set forth therein, that is delivered to the Trustee. Each such opinion shall include the statements provided for in Section 17.05 if and to the extent required by the provisions of such Section 17.05.

Optional Redemption shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.01.

outstanding, when used with reference to Notes, shall, subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, mean, as of any particular time, all Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee under this Indenture, except:

(a) Notes theretofore canceled by the Trustee or accepted by the Trustee for cancellation;

(b) Notes, or portions thereof, that have become due and payable and in respect of which monies in the necessary amount shall have been deposited in trust with the Trustee or with any Paying Agent (other than the Company) or shall have been set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent);

(c) Notes that have been paid pursuant to the second paragraph of Section 2.06 or Notes in lieu of which, or in substitution for which, other Notes shall have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the terms of Section 2.06 unless proof satisfactory to the Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by protected purchasers in due course; 

(d) Notes converted pursuant to Article 14 and required to be cancelled pursuant to Section 2.08; and

(e) Notes redeemed pursuant to Article 16.

Partial Redemption Limitation shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(d).

Paying Agent shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.02.

Person means an individual, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, a joint venture, a joint stock company, a trust, an unincorporated organization or a government or an agency or a political subdivision thereof.

Physical Notes means permanent certificated Notes in registered form issued in denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof.

Physical Settlement shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a).

Predecessor Note of any particular Note means every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Note; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.06 in lieu of or in exchange for a mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, lost, destroyed or stolen Note that it replaces.

Purchase Agreement means that certain Purchase Agreement, dated February 24, 2025, among the Company and the Initial Purchasers.

Qualified Successor Entity means, with respect to a Business Combination Event, a corporation; provided, however, that (i) if such Business Combination Event is an Exempted Fundamental Change, then a limited liability company, limited partnership or other similar entity shall also constitute a Qualified Successor Entity with respect to such Business Combination Event; and (ii) a limited liability company or limited partnership that is the resulting, surviving or transferee person of such Business Combination Event shall also constitute a Qualified Successor Entity with respect to such Business Combination Event, provided that, in the case of this clause (ii), (1) if such limited liability company or limited partnership is not treated as a corporation or an entity disregarded as separate from a corporation, in each case for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (x) the Company has received an opinion of a nationally recognized tax counsel to the 

effect that such Business Combination Event shall not be treated as an exchange under Section 1001 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, for Holders or beneficial owners of the Notes and (y) such limited liability company or limited partnership is a direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiary of a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (2) such Business Combination Event constitutes a Share Exchange Event whose Reference Property consists solely of any combination of U.S. dollars and shares of common stock or other corporate Common Equity interests of a corporation described in clause (1)(y); and (3) if such limited liability company or limited partnership is disregarded as separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, its regarded owner for those purposes is an entity described in clause (1)(y).

Record Date means, with respect to any dividend, distribution or other transaction or event in which the holders of Common Stock (or other applicable security) have the right to receive any cash, securities or other property or in which the Common Stock (or such other security) is exchanged for or converted into any combination of cash, securities or other property, the date fixed for determination of holders of the Common Stock (or such other security) entitled to receive such cash, securities or other property (whether such date is fixed by the Board of Directors, by statute, by contract or otherwise).

Redemption Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 16.02(a).

Redemption Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.01(b)(v).

Redemption Price means, for any Notes to be redeemed pursuant to Section 16.01, 100% of the principal amount of such Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Redemption Date (unless the Redemption Date falls after a Special Interest Record Date but on or prior to the immediately succeeding Special Interest Payment Date, in which case interest accrued to the Special Interest Payment Date will be paid by the Company to Holders of record of such Notes as of the close of business on such Special Interest Record Date on, or at the Companys election, before, such Special Interest Payment Date, and the Redemption Price will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes).

Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a).

Reporting Event Defaultshall have the meaning specified in Section 6.03.

Resale Restriction Termination Date shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c).

Responsible Officer means, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter relating to this Indenture is referred because of such persons knowledge of and familiarity with the particular 

subject and who, in each case, shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture.

Restricted Securities shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c).

Restrictive Notes Legend shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c).

Rule 144 means Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act.

Rule 144A means Rule 144A as promulgated under the Securities Act.

Scheduled Trading Day means a day that is scheduled to be a Trading Day on the principal U.S. national or regional securities exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted for trading. If the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, Scheduled Trading Day means a Business Day.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Settlement Amount has the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a)(iv).

Settlement Method means, with respect to any conversion of Notes, Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement, as elected (or deemed to have been elected) by the Company.

Settlement Notice has the meaning specified in Section 14.02(a)(iii).

Share Exchange Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a).

Significant Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the Company that is a significant subsidiary as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02(w)(1) of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission.

Special Interest means all amounts, if any, payable pursuant to Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and Section 6.03, as applicable.

Special Interest Payment Date means, if and to the extent that Special Interest is payable on the Notes, each March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2025.

Special Interest Record Date, with respect to any Special Interest Payment Date, means the March 1 or September 1 (whether or not such day is a Business Day) immediately preceding the applicable March 15 or September 15 Special Interest Payment Date, respectively.

Specified Dollar Amount means the maximum cash amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes to be received upon conversion as specified in the Settlement Notice (or deemed specified as provided in Section 14.02(a)(iii)) related to any converted Notes.

Spin-Off shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Stock Price shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.03(c).

Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, association, partnership or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock or other interests (including partnership interests) entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers, general partners or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by (i) such Person; (ii) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of such Person; or (iii) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person.

Successor Entity shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.01(a).

Trading Day means, except for determining amounts due upon conversion, a day on which (i) trading in the Common Stock (or other security for which a closing sale price must be determined) generally occurs on the New York Stock Exchange or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on the New York Stock Exchange, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then listed or, if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock (or such other security) is then traded and (ii) a Last Reported Sale Price for the Common Stock (or closing sale price for such other security) is available on such securities exchange or market; provided that if the Common Stock (or such other security) is not so listed or traded, Trading Day means a Business Day; and providedfurther that, for purposes of determining amounts due upon conversion only, Trading Day means a day on which (x) there is no Market Disruption Event and (y) trading in the Common Stock generally occurs on the New York Stock Exchange or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on the New York Stock Exchange, on the principal other U.S. national or regional securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or, if the Common Stock is not then listed on a U.S. national or regional securities exchange, on the principal other market on which the Common Stock is then listed or admitted for trading, except that if the Common Stock is not so listed or admitted for trading, Trading Day means a Business Day.

Trading Price of the Notes on any date of determination means the average of the secondary market bid quotations obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent for $5,000,000 principal amount of Notes at approximately 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on such determination date from three independent nationally recognized securities dealers the Company selects for this purpose; provided that if three such bids cannot reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent but two such bids are obtained, then the average of the two bids shall be used, and if only one such bid can reasonably be obtained by the Bid Solicitation Agent, that one bid shall be used. If, on any determination date, the Bid Solicitation Agent cannot reasonably obtain at least one bid for $5,000,000 principal amount of Notes from a nationally recognized securities dealer, then the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes on such determination date shall be deemed to be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate.

transfer shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.05(c).

Trigger Event shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Trust Indenture Act means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, as it was in force at the date of execution of this Indenture; provided, however, that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after the date hereof, the term Trust Indenture Act shall mean, to the extent required by such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as so amended.

Trustee means the Person named as the Trustee in the first paragraph of this Indenture until a successor trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter Trustee shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder.

unit of Reference Property shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.07(a).

Valuation Period shall have the meaning specified in Section 14.04(c).

Wholly Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of such Person, except that, solely for purposes of this definition, the reference to more than 50% in the definition of Subsidiary shall be deemed replaced by a reference to 100%, the calculation of which shall exclude nominal amounts of the voting power of shares of Capital Stock or other interests in the relevant Subsidiary not held by such person to the extent required to satisfy local minority interest requirements outside of the United States.

Section 1.02. References to Interest. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note in this Indenture shall be deemed to refer solely to Special Interest (if, in such context, Special Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and Section 6.03) and/or to any interest payable on any Defaulted Amounts as set forth in Section 2.03(c). 

ARTICLE 2

Issue, Description, Execution, Registration and Exchange of Notes

Section 2.01. Designation and Amount. The Notes shall be designated as the 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030. The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is initially limited to $690,000,000, subject to Section 2.10 and except for Notes authenticated and delivered upon registration or transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of other Notes to the extent expressly permitted hereunder.

Section 2.02. Form of Notes. The Notes and the Trustees certificate of authentication to be borne by such Notes shall be substantially in the respective forms set forth in Exhibit A, the terms and provisions of which shall constitute, and are hereby expressly incorporated in and made a part of this Indenture. To the extent applicable, the Company and the Trustee, by their execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby. In the case of any conflict between this Indenture and a Note, the provisions of this Indenture shall control and govern to the extent of such conflict.

Any Global Note may be endorsed with or have incorporated in the text thereof such legends or recitals or changes not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture as may be required by the Custodian or the Depositary, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or any regulation thereunder or with the rules and regulations of any securities exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Notes may be listed or traded or designated for issuance or to conform with any usage with respect thereto, or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular Notes are subject.

Any of the Notes may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such notations, legends or endorsements as the Officer executing the same may approve (execution thereof to be conclusive evidence of such approval) and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture, or as may be required to comply with any law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, or to conform to usage or to indicate any special limitations or restrictions to which any particular Notes are subject.

Each Global Note shall represent such principal amount of the outstanding Notes as shall be specified therein and shall provide that it shall represent the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes from time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be increased or reduced to reflect redemptions, repurchases, cancellations, conversions, transfers or exchanges permitted hereby. Any endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or decrease in the amount of outstanding Notes represented thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, in such manner and upon instructions given by the Holder of such Notes in accordance with this Indenture. Payment of principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and any accrued and unpaid interest on, a Global Note shall be made to the Holder of such Note on the date of payment, unless a record date or other means of determining Holders eligible to receive payment is provided for herein.

Section 2.03. Date and Denomination of Notes; No Regular Interest; Special Interest and Defaulted Amounts. (a) The Notes shall be issuable in registered form without coupons in minimum denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication and shall not bear regular interest, and the principal amount of the Notes shall not accrete. Special Interest on the Notes, if any, shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months and, for partial months, on the basis of the number of days actually elapsed in a 30-day month.

(b)The Person in whose name any Note (or its Predecessor Note) is registered on the Note Register at the close of business on any Special Interest Record Date with respect to any Special Interest Payment Date shall be entitled to receive any Special Interest payable on such Special Interest Payment Date. The principal amount of any Note (x) in the case of any Physical Note, shall be payable at the office or agency of the Company maintained by the Company for such purposes in the continental United States of America, which shall initially be the Corporate 

Trust Office and (y) in the case of any Global Note, shall be payable by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. The Company shall pay, or cause the Paying Agent to pay, any Special Interest (i) on any Physical Notes (A) to Holders holding Physical Notes having an aggregate principal amount of $5,000,000 or less, by check mailed to the Holders at their address as it appears in the Note Register and (B) to Holders holding Physical Notes having an aggregate principal amount of more than $5,000,000, either by check mailed to each such Holder or, upon written application by such a Holder to the Note Registrar not later than the relevant Special Interest Record Date, by wire transfer in immediately available funds to that Holders account within the United States if such Holder has provided the Company, the Trustee or the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee) with the requisite information necessary to make such wire transfer, which application shall remain in effect until the Holder notifies, in writing, the Note Registrar to the contrary or (ii) on any Global Note by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. 

(c)Any Defaulted Amounts shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the relevant payment date and shall not accrue interest unless Special Interest was payable pursuant to this Indenture on the relevant payment date, in which case such Defaulted Amounts shall accrue interest per annum at the then-applicable Special Interest rate borne by the Notes, subject to the enforceability thereof under applicable law, from, and including, such relevant payment date, and such Defaulted Amounts together with any such interest thereon shall be paid by the Company, at its election in each case, as provided in clause (i) or (ii) below:

(i)The Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Amounts to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business on a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Amounts, which shall be fixed in the following manner. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of the Defaulted Amounts proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the proposed payment (which shall be not less than 25 days after the receipt by the Trustee of such notice, unless the Trustee shall consent to an earlier date), and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Amounts or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit on or prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such Defaulted Amounts as in this clause provided. Thereupon the Company shall fix a special record date for the payment of such Defaulted Amounts which shall be not more than 15 days and not less than 10 days prior to the date of the proposed payment, and not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment (unless the Trustee shall consent to an earlier date). The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of such special record date and the Trustee, in the name and at the expense of the Company, shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor to be delivered to each Holder not less than 10 days prior to such special record date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Amounts and the special record date therefor 

having been so delivered, such Defaulted Amounts shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Notes (or their respective Predecessor Notes) are registered at the close of business on such special record date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to the following clause (ii) of this Section 2.03(c).

(ii)The Company may make payment of any Defaulted Amounts in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Notes may be listed or designated for issuance, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange or automated quotation system, if, after written notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this clause, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by the Trustee.

(iii)The Trustee shall not at any time be under any duty or responsibility to any Holder of Notes to determine the Defaulted Amounts, or with respect to the nature, extent, or calculation of the amount of Defaulted Amounts owed, or with respect to the method employed in such calculation of the Defaulted Amounts.

Section 2.04. Execution, Authentication and Delivery of Notes. The Notes shall be signed in the name and on behalf of the Company by the manual, facsimile or electronic signature of its Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer or Secretary or any of its Executive or Senior Vice Presidents.

At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Notes executed by the Company to the Trustee for authentication, together with a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of such Notes, and the Trustee in accordance with such Company Order shall authenticate and deliver such Notes, without any further action by the Company hereunder; provided that, subject to Section 17.05, the Trustee shall receive an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel of the Company with respect to the issuance, authentication and delivery of such Notes.

Only such Notes as shall bear thereon a certificate of authentication substantially in the form set forth on the Form of Note attached as Exhibit A hereto, executed manually by an authorized signatory of the Trustee (or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee as provided by Section 17.10), shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. Such certificate by the Trustee (or such an authenticating agent) upon any Note executed by the Company shall be conclusive evidence that the Note so authenticated has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder and that the Holder is entitled to the benefits of this Indenture.

In case any Officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Notes shall cease to be such Officer before the Notes so signed shall have been authenticated and delivered by the Trustee, or disposed of by the Company, such Notes nevertheless may be authenticated and delivered or disposed of as though the person who signed such Notes had not ceased to be such Officer of the Company; and any Note may be signed on behalf of the Company by such persons as, at the actual date of the execution of such Note, shall be the Officers of the Company, although at the date of the execution of this Indenture any such person was not such an Officer.

Section 2.05. Exchange and Registration of Transfer of Notes; Restrictions on Transfer; Depositary. 

(a)The Company shall cause to be kept at the Corporate Trust Office a register (the register maintained in such office or in any other office or agency of the Company designated pursuant to Section 4.02, the Note Register) in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of Notes and of transfers of Notes. Such register shall be in written form or in any form capable of being converted into written form within a reasonable period of time. The Trustee is hereby initially appointed the Note Registrar for the purpose of registering Notes and transfers of Notes as herein provided. The Company may appoint one or more co-Note Registrars in accordance with Section 4.02.

Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note to the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar, and satisfaction of the requirements for such transfer set forth in this Section 2.05, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount and bearing such restrictive legends as may be required by this Indenture.

Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of any authorized denominations and of a like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at any such office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 4.02. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the Notes that the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive, bearing registration numbers not contemporaneously outstanding.

All Notes presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange, repurchase or conversion shall (if so required by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and duly executed, by the Holder thereof or its attorney-in-fact duly authorized in writing.

No service charge shall be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar, any co-Note Registrar or the Paying Agent for any exchange or registration of transfer of Notes, but the Company may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax required in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of new Notes issued upon such exchange or registration of transfer being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for exchange or registration of transfer.

None of the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar or any co-Note Registrar shall be required to exchange for other Notes or register a transfer of (i) any Notes surrendered for conversion or, if a portion of any Note is surrendered for conversion, such portion thereof surrendered for conversion, (ii) any Notes, or a portion of any Note, surrendered for required repurchase upon a Fundamental Change (and not withdrawn) in accordance with Article 15 or (iii) any Notes selected for Optional Redemption in accordance with Article 16, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part. 

All Notes issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with this Indenture shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as the Notes surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(b)So long as the Notes are eligible for book-entry settlement with the Depositary, unless otherwise required by law, subject to the fourth paragraph from the end of Section 2.05(c) all Notes shall be represented by one or more Notes in global form (each, a Global Note) registered in the name of the Depositary or the nominee of the Depositary. Each Global Note shall bear the legend required on a Global Note set forth in Exhibit A hereto. The transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in a Global Note that does not involve the issuance of a Physical Note shall be effected through the Depositary (but not the Trustee or the Custodian) in accordance with this Indenture (including the restrictions on transfer set forth herein) and the applicable procedures of the Depositary therefor.

(c)Every Note that bears or is required under this Section 2.05(c) to bear the Restrictive Notes Legend (together with any Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Notes that is required to bear the legend set forth in Section 2.05(d), collectively, the Restricted Securities) shall be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 2.05(c) (including the Restrictive Notes Legend set forth below), unless such restrictions on transfer shall be eliminated or otherwise waived by written consent of the Company, and the Holder of each such Restricted Security, by such Holders acceptance thereof, agrees to be bound by all such restrictions on transfer. As used in this Section 2.05(c) and Section 2.05(d), the term transfer encompasses any sale, pledge, transfer or other disposition whatsoever of any Restricted Security.

Until the date (the Resale Restriction Termination Date) that is the later of (1) the date that is one year after the last date of original issuance of the Notes, or such shorter period of time as permitted by Rule 144 or any successor provision thereto, and (2) such later date, if any, as may be required by applicable law, any certificate evidencing such Note (and all securities issued in exchange therefor or substitution thereof, other than Common Stock, if any, issued upon conversion thereof, which shall bear the legend set forth in Section 2.05(d), if applicable) shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (the Restrictive Notes Legend) (unless such Notes have been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar 

provision then in force under the Securities Act, or unless otherwise agreed by the Company in writing, with notice thereof to the Trustee):

THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF UNITY SOFTWARE INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT:

(A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(C) TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES TO BE A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

No transfer of any Note prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date will be registered by the Note Registrar unless the applicable box on the Form of Assignment and Transfer has been checked.

Any Note (or security issued in exchange or substitution therefor) (i) as to which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance with their terms, (ii) that has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become effective or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer or (iii) that has been sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, may, upon surrender of such Note for exchange to the Note Registrar in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.05, be exchanged for a new Note or Notes, of like tenor and aggregate principal amount, which shall not bear the Restrictive Notes Legend required by this Section 2.05(c) and shall not be assigned a restricted CUSIP number. The Company shall be entitled to instruct the Custodian in writing to so surrender any Global Note as to which any of the conditions set forth in clause (i) through (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence have been satisfied, and, upon such instruction, the Custodian shall so surrender such Global Note for exchange; and any new Global Note so exchanged therefor shall not bear the Restrictive Notes Legend specified in this Section 2.05(c) and shall not be assigned a restricted CUSIP number. In addition, the Company may effect the removal of the Restrictive Notes Legend upon the Companys delivery to the Trustee of written notice to such effect, whereupon the Restrictive Notes Legend set forth above and affixed on any Note shall be deemed, in accordance with the terms of the certificate representing such Note, to be removed therefrom without further action by the Company, the Trustee, the Holder(s) thereof or any other Person; at such time, such Note shall be deemed to be assigned an unrestricted CUSIP number as provided in the certificate representing such Note, it being understood, including for purposes of Section 4.06(e), that the Depositary of any Global Note may require a mandatory exchange or other process to cause such Global Note to be identified by an unrestricted CUSIP number in the facilities of such Depositary. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing upon the occurrence of the Resale Restriction Termination Date and promptly after a registration statement, if any, with respect to the Notes or any Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Notes has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act.

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture (other than the provisions set forth in this Section 2.05(c)), a Global Note may not be transferred as a whole or in part except (i) by the Depositary to a nominee of the Depositary or by a nominee of the Depositary to the Depositary or another nominee of the Depositary or by the Depositary or any such nominee to a successor Depositary or a nominee of such successor Depositary and (ii) for exchange of a Global Note or a portion thereof for one or more Physical Notes in accordance with the second immediately succeeding paragraph.

The Depositary shall be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act. The Company initially appoints The Depository Trust Company to act as Depositary with respect to each Global Note. Initially, each Global Note shall be issued to the Depositary, registered in the name of Cede & Co., as the nominee of the Depositary, and deposited with the Trustee as custodian for Cede & Co.

If (i) the Depositary notifies the Company at any time that the Depositary is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for the Global Notes and a successor Depositary is not appointed within 90 days, (ii) the Depositary ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act and a successor Depositary is not appointed within 90 days or (iii) an Event of Default with respect to the Notes has occurred and is continuing and, subject to the Depositarys applicable procedures, a beneficial owner of any Note requests that its beneficial interest therein be issued as a Physical Note, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Officers Certificate and a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of Notes, shall authenticate and deliver (x) in the case of clause (iii), a Physical Note to such beneficial owner in a principal amount equal to the principal amount of such Note corresponding to such beneficial owners beneficial interest and (y) in the case of clause (i) or (ii), Physical Notes to each beneficial owner of the related Global Notes (or a portion thereof) in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of such Global Notes in exchange for such Global Notes, and upon delivery of the Global Notes to the Trustee such Global Notes shall be canceled.

Physical Notes issued in exchange for all or a part of the Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) shall be registered in such names and in such authorized denominations as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect participants or otherwise, or, in the case of clause (iii) of the immediately preceding paragraph, the relevant beneficial owner, shall instruct the Trustee in writing. Upon execution and authentication, the Trustee shall deliver such Physical Notes to the Persons in whose names such Physical Notes are so registered.

At such time as all interests in a Global Note have been converted, canceled, repurchased upon a Fundamental Change, redeemed or transferred, such Global Note shall be, upon receipt thereof, canceled by the Trustee in accordance with standing procedures and existing instructions between the Depositary and the Custodian. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any interest in a Global Note is exchanged for Physical Notes, converted, canceled, repurchased upon a Fundamental Change, redeemed or transferred to a transferee who receives Physical Notes therefor or any Physical Note is exchanged or transferred for part of such Global Note, the principal amount of such Global Note shall, in accordance with the standing procedures and instructions existing between the Depositary and the Custodian, be appropriately reduced or increased, as the case may be, and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note, by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of the Trustee, to reflect such reduction or increase.

None of the Company, the Trustee (including in its capacity as Paying Agent) or any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall have any responsibility or liability for any act or omission of the Depositary or for the payment of amounts to owners of beneficial interests in a Global Note, for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of those interests by the Depositary, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records of the Depositary relating to those interests.

(d)Until the Resale Restriction Termination Date, any stock certificate representing Common Stock issued upon conversion of a Note shall bear a legend in substantially the following form (unless such Common Stock has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or such Common Stock has been issued upon conversion of a Note that has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer, or pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, or unless otherwise agreed by the Company with written notice thereof to the Trustee and any transfer agent for the Common Stock):

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND 

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF UNITY SOFTWARE INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE OF THE SERIES OF NOTES UPON THE CONVERSION OF WHICH THIS SECURITY WAS ISSUED OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT:

(A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(C) TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES TO BE A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 (IF AVAILABLE) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRANSFER AGENT FOR THE COMPANYS COMMON STOCK RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.

Any such Common Stock (i) as to which such restrictions on transfer shall have expired in accordance with their terms, (ii) that has been transferred pursuant to a registration statement that has become or been declared effective under the Securities Act and that continues to be effective at the time of such transfer or (iii) that has been sold pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 or any similar provision then in force under the Securities Act, may, upon surrender of the certificates representing such shares of Common Stock for exchange in accordance with the procedures of the transfer agent for the Common Stock, be exchanged for a new certificate or certificates for a like aggregate number of shares of Common Stock, which shall not bear the restrictive legend required by this Section 2.05(d).

The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Note (including any transfers between or among Depositary participants or beneficial owners of interests in any Global Note) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.

(e)Any Note or restricted Common Stock issued upon the conversion or exchange of a Note that is repurchased or owned by the Company or any Affiliate of the Company (or any Person who was an Affiliate of the Company at any time during the three months immediately preceding) may not be resold by the Company or such Affiliate (or such Person, as the case may be) unless registered under the Securities Act or resold pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in a transaction that results in such Note or Common Stock, as the case may be, no longer being a restricted security (as defined under Rule 144). 

Section 2.06. Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes. In case any Note shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company in its discretion may execute, and upon its written request the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, a new Note, bearing a registration number not contemporaneously outstanding, in exchange and substitution for the mutilated Note, or in lieu of and in substitution for the Note so destroyed, lost or stolen. In every case the applicant for a substituted Note shall furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless from any loss, claim, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, the applicant shall also furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof.

The Trustee or such authenticating agent may authenticate any such substituted Note and deliver the same upon the receipt of such security or indemnity as the Trustee, the Company and, if applicable, such authenticating agent may require. No service charge shall be imposed by the Company, the Trustee, the Note Registrar, any co-Note Registrar or the Paying Agent upon the issuance of any substitute Note, but the Company may require a Holder to pay a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax required in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new substitute Note being different from the name of the Holder of the old Note that became mutilated or was destroyed, lost or stolen. In case any Note that has matured or is about to mature or has been surrendered for required repurchase upon a Fundamental Change or is about to be converted in accordance with Article 14 shall become mutilated or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Company may, in its sole discretion, instead of issuing a substitute Note, pay or authorize the payment of or convert or authorize the conversion of the same (without surrender thereof except in the case of a mutilated Note), as the case may be, if the applicant for such payment or conversion shall furnish to the Company, to the Trustee and, if applicable, to such authenticating agent such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them harmless for any loss, claim, liability, cost or expense caused by or connected with such substitution, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, evidence satisfactory to the Company, the Trustee and, if applicable, any Paying Agent or Conversion Agent evidence of their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Note and of the ownership thereof.

Every substitute Note issued pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2.06 by virtue of the fact that any Note is destroyed, lost or stolen shall constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be found at any time, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of (but shall be subject to all the limitations set forth in) this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder. To the extent permitted by law, all Notes shall be held and owned upon the express condition that the foregoing provisions are exclusive with respect to the replacement, payment, redemption, conversion or repurchase of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes and shall preclude any and all other rights or remedies notwithstanding any law or statute existing or hereafter enacted to the contrary with respect to the replacement, payment, redemption, conversion or repurchase of negotiable instruments or other securities without their surrender.

Section 2.07. Temporary Notes. Pending the preparation of Physical Notes, the Company may execute and the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by the Trustee shall, upon written request of the Company, authenticate and deliver temporary Notes (printed or lithographed). Temporary Notes shall be issuable in any authorized denomination, and substantially in the form of the Physical Notes but with such omissions, insertions and variations as may be appropriate for temporary Notes, all as may be determined by the Company. Every such temporary Note shall be executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee or such authenticating agent upon the same conditions and in substantially the same manner, and with the same effect, as the Physical Notes. Without unreasonable delay, the Company shall execute and deliver to the Trustee or such authenticating agent Physical Notes (other than any Global Note) and thereupon any or all temporary Notes (other than any Global Note) may be surrendered in exchange therefor, at each office or agency maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 4.02 and the Trustee or such authenticating agent shall authenticate and deliver in exchange for such temporary Notes an equal aggregate principal amount of Physical Notes. Such exchange shall be made by the Company at its own expense and without any charge therefor. Until so exchanged, the temporary Notes shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits and subject to the same limitations under this Indenture as Physical Notes authenticated and delivered hereunder.

Section 2.08. Cancellation of Notes Paid, Converted, Etc. The Company shall cause all Notes surrendered for the purpose of payment at maturity, repurchase upon a Fundamental Change, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange or conversion (other than any Notes exchanged pursuant to Section 14.12), if surrendered to the Company or any of its agents or Subsidiaries, to be surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation. All Notes delivered to the Trustee shall be canceled promptly by it in accordance with its customary procedures. Except for any Notes surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, or as otherwise expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Indenture, no Notes shall be authenticated in exchange for any Notes surrendered to the Trustee for cancellation. The Trustee shall dispose of canceled Notes in accordance with its customary procedures and, after such disposition, shall deliver evidence of such disposition to the Company, at the Companys written request in a Company Order. 

Section 2.09. CUSIP Numbers. The Company in issuing the Notes may use CUSIP numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers in all notices issued to Holders as a convenience to such Holders; provided that the Trustee shall have no liability for any defect in the CUSIP numbers as they appear on any Note, notice or elsewhere, and, provided, further, that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or on such notice and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Notes. The Company shall promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the CUSIP numbers. 

Section 2.09. Additional Notes; Repurchases. The Company may, without the consent of, or notice to, the Holders and notwithstanding Section 2.01, reopen this Indenture and issue additional Notes hereunder with the same terms as the Notes initially issued hereunder (other than differences in the issue date, the issue price, interest, if any, accrued prior to the issue date of such additional Notes and, if applicable, restrictions on transfer in respect of such additional Notes) in an unlimited aggregate principal amount; provided that if any such additional Notes are not fungible with the Notes initially issued hereunder for U.S. federal income tax or securities law purposes, such additional Notes shall have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. Prior to the issuance of any such additional Notes, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee a Company Order, an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, such Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel to cover such matters, in addition to those required by Section 17.05, as the Trustee shall reasonably request. In addition, the Company may, to the extent permitted by law, and directly or indirectly (regardless of whether such Notes are surrendered to the Company), repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise, whether by the Company or its Subsidiaries or through a privately negotiated transaction or public tender or exchange offer or through counterparties to private agreements, including by cash-settled swaps or other derivatives, in each case, without the consent of or notice to the Holders of the Notes. The Company may, at its option and to the extent permitted by applicable law, reissue, resell or surrender to the Trustee for cancellation any Notes that it may repurchase, in the case of a reissuance or resale, so long as such Notes do not constitute restricted securities (as defined under Rule 144) upon such reissuance or resale; provided that if any such reissued or resold Notes are not fungible with the Notes initially issued hereunder for U.S. federal income tax or securities law purposes, such reissued or resold Notes shall have one or more separate CUSIP numbers. Any Notes that the Company may repurchase shall be considered outstanding for all purposes under this Indenture (other than, at any time when such Notes are owned by the Company, by any Subsidiary thereof or by any Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as set forth in Section 8.04) unless and until such time as the Company surrenders them to the Trustee for cancellation and, upon receipt of a Company Order, the Trustee shall cancel all Notes so surrendered.

ARTICLE 3

Satisfaction and Discharge

Section 3.01. Satisfaction and Discharge. (a) This Indenture and the Notes shall cease to be of further effect when (i) all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (x) Notes which have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced, paid or converted as provided in Section 2.06 and (y) Notes for whose payment money has heretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Company and thereafter repaid to the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided in Section 4.04(d)) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or (ii) the Company has deposited with the Trustee or delivered to Holders, as applicable, after the Notes have become due and payable, whether on the Maturity Date, any Redemption Date, any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, upon conversion or otherwise, cash or cash and/or shares of Common Stock, solely to satisfy the Companys Conversion Obligation, sufficient to pay all of the outstanding Notes and all other sums due and payable under this Indenture or the Notes by the Company; and (b) the Trustee upon request of the Company contained in an Officers Certificate and at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the Notes, when the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the Notes have been complied with. Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or the earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee, the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 7.06 shall survive.

ARTICLE 4

Particular Covenants of the Company

Section 4.01. Payment of Principal and Special Interest. The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be paid the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, each of the Notes at the places, at the respective times and in the manner provided herein and in the Notes. 

Any applicable withholding taxes (including backup withholding) may be withheld from payments of interest, if any, and payments upon conversion, redemption, repurchase or maturity of the Notes, or if any withholding taxes (including backup withholding) are paid on behalf of a Holder or beneficial owner, those withholding taxes may be withheld from or set off against payments of cash or Common Stock, if any, payable on the Notes (or, in some circumstances, any payments on the Common Stock) or sales proceeds received by, or other funds or assets of, the Holder or beneficial owner.

Section 4.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency . The Company will maintain in the continental United States of America an office or agency where the Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment or repurchase (Paying Agent) or for conversion (Conversion Agent) and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, 

surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office or the designated office or agency of the Trustee in the continental United States of America.

The Company may also from time to time designate as co-Note Registrars one or more other offices or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; provided that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in the continental United States of America for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency. The terms Paying Agent and Conversion Agent include any such additional or other offices or agencies, as applicable.

The Company hereby initially designates the Trustee as the Paying Agent, Note Registrar, Custodian and Conversion Agent and the Corporate Trust Office as the office or agency in the continental United States of America where Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment or repurchase or for conversion and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served; provided that the Corporate Trust Office shall not be a place for service of legal process for the Company. 

Section 4.03. Appointments to Fill Vacancies in Trustees Office. The Company, whenever necessary to avoid or fill a vacancy in the office of Trustee, will appoint, in the manner provided in Section 7.09, a Trustee, so that there shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder.

Section 4.04. Provisions as to Paying Agent. (a) If the Company shall appoint a Paying Agent other than the Trustee, the Company will cause such Paying Agent to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section 4.04:

(i)that it will hold all sums held by it as such agent for the payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, the Notes in trust for the benefit of the Holders;

(ii)that it will give the Trustee prompt written notice of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and any accrued and unpaid Special Interest on, the Notes when the same shall be due and payable; and

(iii) that at any time during the continuance of an Event of Default, upon request of the Trustee, it will forthwith pay to the Trustee all sums so held in trust.

The Company shall, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, or any accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, the Notes, deposit with the Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay such principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) or such accrued and unpaid interest, if any, and (unless such Paying Agent is 

the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any failure to take such action; provided that if such deposit is made on the due date, such deposit must be received by the Paying Agent by 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date.

(b)If the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent, it will, on or before each due date of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, the Notes, set aside, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes a sum sufficient to pay such principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) and any such accrued and unpaid interest so becoming due and will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any failure to take such action and of any failure by the Company to make any payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, or accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, the Notes when the same shall become due and payable.

(c)Anything in this Section 4.04 to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company may, at any time, for the purpose of obtaining a satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, or for any other reason, pay, cause to be paid or deliver to the Trustee all sums or amounts held in trust by the Company or any Paying Agent hereunder as required by this Section 4.04, such sums or amounts to be held by the Trustee upon the trusts herein contained and upon such payment or delivery by the Company or any Paying Agent to the Trustee, the Company or such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability but only with respect to such sums or amounts.

(d)Subject to applicable escheatment laws, any money and shares of Common Stock deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, any accrued and unpaid interest on and the consideration due upon conversion of any Note and remaining unclaimed for two years after such principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable), any interest or consideration due upon conversion has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on request of the Company contained in an Officers Certificate, or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money and shares of Common Stock, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease.

(e)Upon any Event of Default pursuant to Section 6.01(h) or (i), the Trustee shall automatically be Paying Agent for the Notes.

Section 4.05. Existence. Subject to Article 11, the Company shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its corporate existence.

Section 4.06. Rule 144A Information Requirement and Annual Reports. (a) At any time the Company is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company shall, so long as any of the Notes or any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof shall, at such time, constitute restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the 

Securities Act, promptly provide to the Trustee and, upon written request, any Holder, beneficial owner or prospective purchaser of such Notes or any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of such Notes, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act to facilitate the resale of such Notes or shares of Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144A. 

(b)The Company shall file with the Trustee, within 15 days after the same are required to be filed with the Commission, copies of any annual or quarterly reports (on Form 10-K or Form 10-Q or any respective successor form) that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (excluding any such information, documents or reports, or portions thereof, subject to confidential treatment and any correspondence with the Commission, and giving effect to any grace period provided by Rule 12b-25 under the Exchange Act (or any successor thereto)). Any such document or report that the Company files with the Commission via the Commissions EDGAR system (or any successor system) shall be deemed to be filed with the Trustee for purposes of this Section 4.06(b) at the time such documents or reports are filed via the EDGAR system (or such successor), it being understood that the Trustee shall not be responsible for determining whether such filings have been made.

(c)Delivery of the reports, information and documents described in subsection (b) above to the Trustee is for informational purposes only, and the information and the Trustees receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Companys compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to conclusively rely on an Officers Certificate).

(d)If, at any time during the six-month period beginning on, and including, the date that is six months after the last date of original issuance of the Notes, the Company fails to timely file any document or report that it is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder and other than current reports on Form 8-K), or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding (as a result of restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes), the Company shall pay Special Interest on the Notes. Such Special Interest shall accrue on the Notes at the rate of 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day during such period for which the Companys failure to file has occurred and is continuing or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates (or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding) without restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes. As used in this Section 4.06(d), documents or reports that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act does not include documents or reports that the Company furnishes to the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. For purposes of this Section 

4.06(d), the phrase restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes shall not include, for the avoidance of doubt, the assignment of a restricted CUSIP number or the existence of the Restrictive Notes Legend on Notes in compliance with Section 2.05(c), in either case, during the six-month period described in this Section 4.06(d). 

(e)If, and for so long as, the Restrictive Notes Legend on the Notes specified in Section 2.05(c) has not been removed, the Notes are assigned a restricted CUSIP number or the Notes are not otherwise freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding (without restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes) as of the De-Legending Deadline Date, the Company shall pay Special Interest on the Notes at a rate equal to 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of Notes outstanding until the Restrictive Notes Legend on the Notes has been removed in accordance with Section 2.05(c), the Notes are assigned an unrestricted CUSIP number and the Notes are freely tradable pursuant to Rule 144 by Holders other than the Companys Affiliates (or Holders that were the Companys Affiliates at any time during the three months immediately preceding) without restrictions pursuant to U.S. securities laws or the terms of this Indenture or the Notes;provided, however, that no Special Interest shall accrue or be owed pursuant to this Section 4.06(e) until the fifteenth Business Day following written notification to the Company by the Trustee (at the direction of the Holders) or any Holder or beneficial owner of the Notes requesting that the Company comply with its obligations described in this Section 4.06(e) (which notice may be given at any time after the 330th day after the last date of original issuance of the Notes), it being understood and agreed that in no event shall Special Interest accrue or be owed pursuant to this Section 4.06(e) for any period prior to the 380th day after the last date of original issuance of the Notes.

(f)Special Interest will be payable in arrears on each Special Interest Payment Date following accrual as set forth in Section 2.03(b). 

(g)Subject to the immediately succeeding sentence, the Special Interest that is payable in accordance with Section 4.06(d) or Section 4.06(e) shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any Special Interest that may be payable as a result of the Companys election pursuant to Section 6.03. However, in no event shall Special Interest payable for the Companys failure to comply with its obligations to timely file any document or report that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder and other than current reports on Form 8-K), as set forth in Section 4.06(d), together with any Special Interest that may accrue at the Companys election as a result of the Companys failure to comply with its reporting obligations pursuant to Section 6.03, accrue at a rate in excess of 0.50% per annum pursuant to this Indenture, regardless of the number of events or circumstances giving rise to the requirement to pay such Special Interest.

(h)If Special Interest is payable by the Company pursuant to Section 4.06(d) or Section 4.06(e), the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate to that effect stating (i) the amount of such Special Interest that is payable and (ii) the date on which such 

Special Interest is payable. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee receives at the Corporate Trust Office such Officers Certificate, the Trustee may conclusively assume without inquiry that no such Special Interest is payable. If the Company has paid Special Interest directly to the Persons entitled to it, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee an Officers Certificate setting forth the particulars of such payment.

Section 4.07. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension or usury law or other law that would prohibit or forgive the Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or any interest on the Notes as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, or that may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Company (to the extent it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted.

Section 4.08. Compliance Certificate; Statements as to Defaults. The Company shall deliver to the Trustee within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company (beginning with the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2025) an Officers Certificate stating whether the signers thereof have knowledge of any Event of Default that occurred during the previous year and, if so, specifying each such Event of Default and the nature thereof.

In addition, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee, within 30 days after the Company obtains knowledge of the occurrence of any Event of Default or Default, an Officers Certificate setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default, its status and the action that the Company is taking or proposing to take in respect thereof; provided that the Company is not required to deliver such notice if such Event of Default or Default has been cured or is no longer continuing.

Section 4.09. Further Instruments and Acts. Upon request of the Trustee, the Company will execute and deliver such further instruments and do such further acts as may be reasonably necessary or proper to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Indenture.

ARTICLE 5

Lists of Holders and Reports by the Company and the Trustee

Section 5.01. Lists of Holders. The Company covenants and agrees that it will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee, semi-annually, not more than 15 days after each March 1 and September 1 in each year beginning with September 1, 2025, and at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after receipt by the Company of any such request (or such lesser time as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to enable it to timely provide any notice to be provided by it hereunder), a list in such form as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and addresses of the Holders as of a date not more than 15 days (or such other date as the Trustee may reasonably request in order to so provide any such notices) prior to 

the time such information is furnished, except that no such list need be furnished so long as the Trustee is acting as Note Registrar.

Section 5.02. Preservation and Disclosure of Lists. The Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, all information as to the names and addresses of the Holders contained in the most recent list furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 or maintained by the Trustee in its capacity as Note Registrar, if so acting. The Trustee may dispose of any list furnished to it as provided in Section 5.01 upon receipt of a new list so furnished.

ARTICLE 6

Defaults and Remedies

Section 6.01. Events of Default. Each of the following events shall be an Event of Default with respect to the Notes:

(a)default in any payment of Special Interest on any Note when due and payable, and the default continues for a period of 30 days;

(b)default in the payment of principal of any Note when due and payable on the Maturity Date, upon Optional Redemption, upon any required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise;

(c)failure by the Company to comply with its obligation to convert the Notes in accordance with this Indenture upon exercise of a Holders conversion right and such failure continues for three Business Days;

(d)failure by the Company to give (i) a Fundamental Change Company Notice in accordance with Section 15.02(c) or notice of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change in accordance with Section 14.03(b), in either case when due and such failure continues for two Business Days, or (ii) notice of a specified corporate transaction or event in accordance with Section 14.01(b)(ii) or 14.01(b)(iii) when due and such failure continues for one Business Day;

(e)failure by the Company to comply with its obligations under Article 11;

(f)failure by the Company for 60 days after written notice from the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding has been received by the Company to comply with any of its other agreements contained in the Notes or this Indenture;

(g)default by the Company or any Significant Subsidiary of the Company with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under which there may be outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed with a principal amount in excess of $100,000,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company and/or any such Significant Subsidiary, whether such indebtedness now exists or shall hereafter be created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity date or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal of any such debt when due and payable (after the expiration of all applicable grace periods) at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, and in the 

cases of clauses (i) and (ii), such acceleration shall not have been rescinded or annulled or such failure to pay or default shall not have been cured or waived, or such indebtedness is not paid or discharged, as the case may be, within 45 days after written notice to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding in accordance with this Indenture;

(h)the Company or any Significant Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of the Company or any such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property, or shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become due; or

(i)an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against the Company or any Significant Subsidiary seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of the Company or such Significant Subsidiary or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 consecutive days.

Section 6.02. Acceleration; Rescission and Annulment. If one or more Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, then, and in each and every such case (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(h) or Section 6.01(i) with respect to the Company), unless the principal of, and accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if any, on, all of the Notes shall have already become due and payable, either the Trustee or the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04, by notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), may declare 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all the outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately, and upon any such declaration the same shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable, anything contained in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary notwithstanding. If an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(h) or Section 6.01(i) with respect to the Company occurs and is continuing, 100% of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, all Notes shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable. 

The immediately preceding paragraph, however, is subject to the conditions that if, at any time after the principal of the Notes shall have been so declared due and payable, and before any judgment or decree for the payment of the monies due shall have been obtained or entered as hereinafter provided, and if (1) rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree of a court of competent jurisdiction and (2) any and all existing Events of Default under this Indenture, other than the nonpayment of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, 

on Notes that shall have become due solely by such acceleration, shall have been cured or waived pursuant to Section 6.09, then and in every such case the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, by written notice to the Company and to the Trustee, may waive all Defaults or Events of Default with respect to the Notes and rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences and such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver or rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any subsequent Default or Event of Default, or shall impair any right consequent thereon. .

Section 6.03. Special Interest. Notwithstanding anything in this Indenture or in the Notes to the contrary, to the extent the Company elects, the sole remedy for an Event of Default relating to the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) (such default a Reporting Event Default) shall, for the first 365 days after the occurrence of such an Event of Default, consist exclusively of the right to receive Special Interest on the Notes at a rate equal to (x) 0.25% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding for each day that such Event of Default is continuing during the first 180 days after the occurrence of such Event of Default and (y) 0.50% per annum of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding from the 181st day to, and including, the 365th day following the occurrence of such Event of Default, as long as such Event of Default is continuing. Subject to the last paragraph of this Section 6.03, Special Interest payable pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be in addition to, not in lieu of, any Special Interest payable pursuant to Section 4.06(d) or Section 4.06(e). For the avoidance of doubt, a Reporting Event of Default shall be deemed cured at such time as the Company files with the Trustee the applicable report or reports that gave rise to such Reporting Event of Default (it being understood that any report that the Company files with the Commission through the EDGAR system (or any successor thereto) will be deemed to be filed with the Trustee at the time such report is so filed via the EDGAR system (or such successor)). 

If the Company so elects, such Special Interest shall be payable as set forth in Section 2.03(b). On the 366th day after such Event of Default (if the Event of Default relating to the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) is not cured or waived prior to such 366th day), the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02. The provisions of this paragraph will not affect the rights of Holders in the event of the occurrence of any Event of Default other than the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b). In the event the Company does not elect to pay Special Interest following an Event of Default in accordance with this Section 6.03 or the Company elected to make such payment but does not pay the Special Interest when due, the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02 as a result of the Event of Default pursuant to Section 6.01(f) if such Event of Default is then continuing.

In order to elect to pay Special Interest as the sole remedy during the first 365 days after the occurrence of any Event of Default relating to the Companys failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) in accordance with the two immediately preceding paragraphs, the Company must notify all Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing of such election prior to the beginning of such 365-day 

period. Upon the failure to timely give such notice, the Notes shall be immediately subject to acceleration as provided in Section 6.02.

In no event shall Special Interest payable at the Companys election for failure to comply with its obligations as set forth in Section 4.06(b) as set forth in this Section 6.03, together with any Special Interest that may accrue as a result of the Companys failure to timely file any document or report that the Company is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as applicable (after giving effect to all applicable grace periods thereunder and other than current reports on Form 8-K), pursuant to Section 4.06(d), accrue at a rate in excess of 0.50% per annum pursuant to this Indenture, regardless of the number of events or circumstances giving rise to the requirement to pay such Special Interest.

Section 6.04. Payments of Notes on Default; Suit Therefor. If an Event of Default described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 6.01 shall have occurred and be continuing, the Company shall, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to the Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, the whole amount then due and payable on the Notes for principal and interest, if any (with no interest accruing on any overdue principal or Special Interest unless Special Interest was payable pursuant to this Indenture on the required payment date, in which case such overdue amounts shall accrue interest per annum at the then-applicable Special Interest rate borne by the Notes, subject to the enforceability thereof under applicable law, from, and including, such required payment date) and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover any amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06. If the Company shall fail to pay such amounts forthwith upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, may institute a judicial proceeding for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, may prosecute such proceeding to judgment or final decree and may enforce the same against the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes and collect the moneys adjudged or decreed to be payable in the manner provided by law out of the property of the Company or any other obligor upon the Notes, wherever situated.

In the event there shall be pending proceedings for the bankruptcy or for the reorganization of the Company or any other obligor on the Notes under Title 11 of the United States Code, or any other applicable law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the Company or such other obligor, the property of the Company or such other obligor, or in the event of any other judicial proceedings relative to the Company or such other obligor upon the Notes, or to the creditors or property of the Company or such other obligor, the Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of the Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this Section 6.04, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or otherwise, to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of principal and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, in respect of the Notes, and, in case of any judicial proceedings, to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents and to take such other actions as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, 

expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Holders allowed in such judicial proceedings relative to the Company or any other obligor on the Notes, its or their creditors, or its or their property, and to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims, and to distribute the same after the deduction of any amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06; and any receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, custodian or similar official is hereby authorized by each of the Holders to make such payments to the Trustee, as administrative expenses, and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for reasonable compensation, expenses, advances and disbursements, including agents and counsel fees and expenses, and including any other amounts due to the Trustee under Section 7.06, incurred by it up to the date of such distribution. To the extent that such payment of reasonable compensation, expenses, advances and disbursements out of the estate in any such proceedings shall be denied for any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a lien on, and shall be paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, monies, securities and other property that the Holders of the Notes may be entitled to receive in such proceedings, whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or arrangement or otherwise.

Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting such Holder or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

All rights of action and of asserting claims under this Indenture, or under any of the Notes, may be enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Notes, or the production thereof at any trial or other proceeding relative thereto, and any such suit or proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes.

In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and in any proceedings involving the interpretation of any provision of this Indenture to which the Trustee shall be a party) the Trustee shall be held to represent all the Holders of the Notes, and it shall not be necessary to make any Holders of the Notes party to any such proceedings.

In case the Trustee shall have proceeded to enforce any right under this Indenture and such proceedings shall have been discontinued or abandoned because of any waiver pursuant to Section 6.09 or any rescission and annulment pursuant to Section 6.02 or for any other reason or shall have been determined adversely to the Trustee, then and in every such case the Company, the Holders and the Trustee shall, subject to any determination in such proceeding, be restored respectively to their several positions and rights hereunder, and all rights, remedies and powers of the Company, the Holders and the Trustee shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted.

Section 6.05. Application of Monies Collected by Trustee. Any monies or property collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article 6 with respect to the Notes shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee for the distribution of such monies or property, upon presentation of the several Notes, and stamping thereon the payment, if only partially paid, and upon surrender thereof, if fully paid:

First, to the payment of all amounts due the Trustee in all of its capacities under this Indenture;

Second, in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall not have become due and be unpaid, to the payment of interest, if any, on, and any cash due upon conversion of, the Notes in default in the order of the date due of the payments of such interest and cash due upon conversion, as the case may be, with interest (to the extent that such interest is payable on such Notes and has been collected by the Trustee) upon such overdue payments at the rate of Special Interest then payable on such Notes, if any , such payments to be made ratably to the Persons entitled thereto;

Third, in case the principal of the outstanding Notes shall have become due, by declaration or otherwise, and be unpaid, to the payment of the whole amount (including, if applicable, the payment of the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) then owing and unpaid upon the Notes for principal and interest, if any, with interest (to the extent any Special Interest is then payable on the Notes) on the overdue principal and, to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee, upon overdue installments of interest at the rate of Special Interest borne by the Notes at such time, and in case such monies shall be insufficient to pay in full the whole amounts so due and unpaid upon the Notes, then to the payment of such principal (including, if applicable, the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) and interest without preference or priority of principal over interest, or of interest over principal or of any installment of interest over any other installment of interest, or of any Note over any other Note, ratably to the aggregate of such principal (including, if applicable, the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and any cash due upon conversion) and any accrued and unpaid interest; and

Fourth, to the payment of the remainder, if any, to the Company.

Section 6.06. Proceedings by Holders. Except to enforce the right to receive payment of principal (including, if applicable, the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price) or interest, if any, when due, or the right to receive payment or delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, no Holder of any Note shall have any right by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this Indenture or the Notes to institute any suit, action or proceeding in equity or at law upon or under or with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator, custodian or other similar official, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless: 

(a)such Holder previously shall have given to the Trustee written notice of an Event of Default and of the continuance thereof, as herein provided;

(b)Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding shall have made written request upon the Trustee to institute such action, suit or proceeding in its own name as Trustee hereunder;

(c)such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee such security or indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it against any loss, claim, liability or expense to be incurred therein or thereby;

(d)the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer, or provision, of such security or indemnity, shall have neglected or refused to institute any such action, suit or proceeding; and 

(e)no direction that, in the opinion of the Trustee, is inconsistent with such written request shall have been given to the Trustee by the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding within such 60-day period pursuant to Section 6.09, 

it being understood and intended, and being expressly covenanted by the taker and Holder of every Note with every other taker and Holder and the Trustee that no one or more Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of or by availing of any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holder, or to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or preference to any other such Holder (it being understood that the Trustee does not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not such actions or forbearances are unduly prejudicial to such Holder), or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal, ratable and common benefit of all Holders (except as otherwise provided herein). For the protection and enforcement of this Section 6.06, each and every Holder and the Trustee shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture and any provision of any Note, each Holder shall have the right to receive payment or delivery, as the case may be, of (x) the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, (y) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and (z) the consideration due upon conversion of, such Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed or provided for in such Note or in this Indenture, or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment or delivery, as the case may be.

Section 6.07. Proceedings by Trustee. In case of an Event of Default, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce the rights vested in it by this Indenture by such appropriate judicial proceedings as are necessary to protect and enforce any of such rights, either by suit in equity or by action at law or by proceeding in bankruptcy or otherwise, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement contained in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Indenture, or to enforce any other legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by this Indenture or by law.

Section 6.08. Remedies Cumulative and Continuing. Except as provided in the last paragraph of Section 2.06, all powers and remedies given by this Article 6 to the Trustee or to the Holders shall, to the extent permitted by law, be deemed cumulative and not exclusive of any thereof or of any other powers and remedies available to the Trustee or the Holders of the Notes, by judicial proceedings or otherwise, to enforce the performance or observance of the covenants and agreements contained in this Indenture, and no delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any of the Notes to exercise any right or power accruing upon any Default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or power, or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Default or Event of Default or any acquiescence therein; and, subject to the provisions of Section 6.06, every power and remedy given by this Article 6 or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as shall be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders.

Section 6.09. Direction of Proceedings and Waiver of Defaults by Majority of Holders. The Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04 shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee with respect to the Notes; provided, however, that (a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture, and (b) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee and that is not inconsistent with such direction. The Trustee may refuse to follow any direction that it determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder (it being understood that the Trustee shall not have an affirmative duty to ascertain whether or not any such direction is unduly prejudicial to any other Holder) or that would involve the Trustee in personal liability. The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04 may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default hereunder and its consequences (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any acceleration as a result of such Default or Event of Default) except any continuing defaults relating to (i) a default in the payment of accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, or the principal (including any Redemption Price and any Fundamental Change Repurchase Price) of, the Notes when due that has not been cured pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.01, (ii) a failure by the Company to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due upon conversion of the Notes or (iii) a default in respect of a covenant or provision hereof which under Article 10 cannot be modified or amended without the consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected. Upon any such waiver the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Notes shall be restored to their former positions and rights hereunder; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon. Whenever any Default or Event of Default hereunder shall have been waived as permitted by this Section 6.09, said Default or Event of Default shall for all purposes of the Notes and this Indenture be deemed to have been cured and to be not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

Section 6.10. Notice of Defaults. The Trustee shall, within 90 days after a Responsible Officer obtains actual knowledge of the occurrence of a Default that is then continuing, deliver to all Holders notice of all Defaults actually known to a Responsible Officer, unless such Defaults shall have been cured or waived before the giving of such notice; provided that, except in the case of a Default in the payment of the principal of (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable), or accrued and unpaid Special Interest on, any of the Notes or a Default in the payment or delivery of the consideration due upon conversion, the Trustee shall be protected in withholding such notice if and so long as it determines that the withholding of such notice is in the interests of the Holders.

Section 6.11. Undertaking to Pay Costs. All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Note by its acceptance thereof shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may, in its discretion, require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant; provided that the provisions of this Section 6.11 (to the extent permitted by law) shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Trustee, to any suit instituted by any Holder, or group of Holders, holding in the aggregate more than 10% in principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined in accordance with Section 8.04, or to any suit instituted by any Holder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal of or accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on any Note (including, but not limited to, the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) on or after the due date expressed or provided for in such Note or to any suit for the enforcement of the right to convert any Note, or receive the consideration due upon conversion, in accordance with the provisions of Article 14.

ARTICLE 7

Concerning the Trustee

Section 7.01. Duties and Responsibilities of Trustee. The Trustee, prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after the curing or waiver of all Events of Default that may have occurred, undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture. In the event an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such persons own affairs; provided that if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers under this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders unless such Holders have offered, and if requested, provided, to the Trustee indemnity or security satisfactory to it against any loss, claim, liability or expense that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction.

No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own grossly negligent action, its own grossly negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct, except that:

(a)prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default and after the curing or waiving of all Events of Default that may have occurred:

(i)the duties and obligations of the Trustee shall be determined solely by the express provisions of this Indenture, and the Trustee shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and

(ii)in the absence of bad faith and willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, the Trustee may, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, conclusively rely upon any certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; but, in the case of any such certificates or opinions that by any provisions hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of any mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein);

(b)the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or Officers of the Trustee, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;

(c)the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction of the Holders of not less than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding determined as provided in Section 8.04 relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture;

(d)whether or not therein provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of, or affording protection to, the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section;

(e)the Trustee shall not be liable in respect of any payment (as to the correctness of amount, entitlement to receive or any other matters relating to payment) or notice effected by the Company or any Paying Agent or any records maintained by any co-Note Registrar with respect to the Notes;

(f)if any party fails to deliver a notice relating to an event the fact of which, pursuant to this Indenture, requires notice to be sent to the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely on its failure to receive such notice as reason to act as if no such event occurred, unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee had actual knowledge of such event;

(g)the Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety in respect of the execution of the trusts and powers under this Indenture;

(h)in the absence of written investment direction from the Company, all cash received by the Trustee shall be placed in a non-interest bearing trust account, and in no event shall the Trustee be liable for the selection of investments or for investment losses incurred thereon or for losses, fees, taxes or other charges incurred as a result of the liquidation of any such investment prior to its maturity date or the failure of the party directing such investments prior to its maturity date or the failure of the party directing such investment to provide timely written investment direction, and the Trustee shall have no obligation to invest or reinvest any amounts held hereunder in the absence of such written investment direction from the Company; and

(i)in the event that the Trustee is also acting as Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or transfer agent hereunder, the rights and protections afforded to the Trustee pursuant to this Article 7 shall also be afforded to such Custodian, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or transfer agent.

None of the provisions contained in this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur personal financial liability in the performance of any of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers. Prior to taking any action under this Indenture, the Trustee shall receive indemnification or security satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense caused by taking or not taking such action.

Section 7.02. Reliance on Documents, Opinions, Etc. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.01:

(a)the Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, bond, note, coupon or other paper or document believed by it in good faith to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties;

(b)any request, direction, order or demand of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by an Officers Certificate (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed); and any Board Resolution may be evidenced to the Trustee by a copy thereof certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company;

(c)whenever in the administration of this Indenture, the Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on its part, conclusively rely upon an Officers Certificate;

(d)the Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection, and require an Opinion of Counsel and any advice of such counsel or Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete 

authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with such advice or Opinion of Counsel;

(e)the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney at the expense of the Company and shall incur no liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation; 

(f)the Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents, custodians, nominees or attorneys and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent, custodian, nominee or attorney appointed by it with due care hereunder;

(g)the permissive rights of the Trustee enumerated herein shall not be construed as duties;

(h)the Trustee may request that the Company deliver an Officers Certificate setting forth the names of the individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such times to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture, which Officers Certificate may be signed by any Person authorized to sign an Officers Certificate, including any Person specified as so authorized in any such certificate previously delivered and not superseded; and

(i)neither the Trustee nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, or affiliates shall be responsible for nor have any duty to monitor the performance or any action of the Company, or its directors, members, officers, agents, affiliates, or employees, nor shall they have any liability in connection with the malfeasance or nonfeasance by such parties. The Trustee shall not be responsible for any inaccuracy in the information obtained from the Company or for any inaccuracy or omission in the records which may result from such information or any failure by the Trustee to perform its duties or set forth herein as a result of any inaccuracy or incompleteness.

In no event shall the Trustee be liable for any special, indirect, punitive, or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. The Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of any Default or Event of Default with respect to the Notes, unless either (1) a Responsible Officer shall have actual knowledge of such Default or Event of Default or (2) written notice of such Default or Event of Default shall have been received by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee from the Company or from any Holder.

Section 7.03. No Responsibility for Recitals, Etc. The recitals contained herein and in the Notes (except in the Trustees certificate of authentication) shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the same. The 

Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Indenture or of the Notes. The Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of any Notes or the proceeds of any Notes authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture.

Section 7.04. Trustee, Paying Agents, Conversion Agents, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar May Own Notes. The Trustee, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company or any Affiliate thereof) or Note Registrar, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes with the same rights it would have if it were not the Trustee, Paying Agent, Conversion Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or Note Registrar.

Section 7.05. Monies and Shares of Common Stock to Be Held in Trust. All monies and shares of Common Stock received by the Trustee shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be held in trust for the purposes for which they were received. Money and shares of Common Stock held by the Trustee in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money or shares of Common Stock received by it hereunder except as may be agreed from time to time by the Company and the Trustee.

Section 7.06. Compensation and Expenses of Trustee. The Company covenants and agrees to pay to the Trustee from time to time and the Trustee shall receive such compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder in any capacity (which shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust) as previously and mutually agreed to in writing between the Trustee and the Company, and the Company will pay or reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances reasonably incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any of the provisions of this Indenture in any capacity thereunder (including the reasonable compensation and the expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel and of all Persons not regularly in its employ) except any such expense, disbursement or advance as shall have been caused by its gross negligence or willful misconduct, as finally adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction. The Company also covenants to indemnify the Trustee or any predecessor Trustee in any capacity under this Indenture and any other document or transaction entered into in connection herewith and its agents and any authenticating agent for, and to hold them harmless against, any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense incurred without gross negligence or willful misconduct as finally adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction on the part of the Trustee, its officers, directors, agents or employees, or such agent or authenticating agent, as the case may be, and arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of this Indenture or in any other capacity hereunder and the enforcement of this Indenture (including this Section 7.06), including the costs and expenses of defending themselves against any claim of liability in the premises. The obligations of the Company under this Section 7.06 to compensate or indemnify the Trustee and to pay or reimburse the Trustee for expenses, disbursements and advances shall be secured by a senior claim to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by the Trustee, except, subject to the effect of Section 

6.05, funds held in trust herewith for the benefit of the Holders of particular Notes, and, for the avoidance of doubt, such lien shall not be extended in a manner that would conflict with the Companys obligations to its other creditors. The Trustees right to receive payment of any amounts due under this Section 7.06 shall not be subordinate to any other liability or indebtedness of the Company. The obligation of the Company under this Section 7.06 shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture and the earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee. The Company need not pay for any settlement made without its consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The indemnification provided in this Section 7.06 shall extend to the officers, directors, agents and employees of the Trustee.

Without prejudice to any other rights available to the Trustee under applicable law, when the Trustee and its agents and any authenticating agent incur expenses or render services after an Event of Default specified in Section 6.01(h) or Section 6.01(i) occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws.

Section 7.07. Officers Certificate as Evidence. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.01, whenever in the administration of the provisions of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it necessary or desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking or omitting any action hereunder, such matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by an Officers Certificate delivered to the Trustee, and such Officers Certificate, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Trustee, shall be full warrant to the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it under the provisions of this Indenture upon the faith thereof.

Section 7.08. Eligibility of Trustee. There shall at all times be a Trustee hereunder which shall be a Person that is eligible pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act (as if the Trust Indenture Act were applicable hereto) to act as such and has a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000. If such Person publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of any supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section, the combined capital and surplus of such Person shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, it shall resign promptly in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article.

Section 7.09. Resignation or Removal of Trustee. 

(a)The Trustee may at any time resign by giving written notice of such resignation to the Company and by delivering notice thereof to the Holders. Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Company shall promptly appoint a successor trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the resigning Trustee and one copy to the successor trustee. If no successor trustee shall have been so appointed and have accepted appointment within 45 days after the giving of such notice of resignation to the Holders, the resigning Trustee may, upon ten Business Days 

notice to the Company and the Holders, petition any court of competent jurisdiction, at the expense of the Company, for the appointment of a successor trustee, or any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months (or since the date of this Indenture) may, subject to the provisions of Section 6.11, on behalf of himself or herself and all others similarly situated, petition any such court for the appointment of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, appoint a successor trustee.

(b)In case at any time any of the following shall occur:

(i)the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.08 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Company or by any such Holder, or

(ii)the Trustee shall become incapable of acting, or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation,

then, in either case, the Company may by a Board Resolution remove the Trustee and appoint a successor trustee by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the Trustee so removed and one copy to the successor trustee, or, subject to the provisions of Section 6.11, any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Note or Notes for at least six months (or since the date of this Indenture) may, on behalf of himself or herself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, remove the Trustee and appoint a successor trustee.

(c)The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, as determined in accordance with Section 8.04, may at any time remove the Trustee and nominate a successor trustee that shall be deemed appointed as successor trustee unless within ten days after notice to the Company of such nomination the Company objects thereto, in which case the Trustee so removed or any Holder, upon the terms and conditions and otherwise as in Section 7.09(a) provided, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for an appointment of a successor trustee.

(d)Any resignation or removal of the Trustee and appointment of a successor trustee pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section 7.09 shall become effective upon acceptance of appointment by the successor trustee as provided in Section 7.10.

Section 7.10. Acceptance by Successor Trustee. Any successor trustee appointed as provided in Section 7.09 shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to its predecessor trustee an instrument accepting such appointment hereunder, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the predecessor trustee shall become effective and such successor trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, 

powers, duties and obligations of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as Trustee herein; but, nevertheless, on the written request of the Company or of the successor trustee, the trustee ceasing to act shall, upon payment of any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.06, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor trustee all the rights and powers of the trustee so ceasing to act. Upon request of any such successor trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments in writing for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor trustee all such rights and powers. Any trustee ceasing to act shall, nevertheless, retain a senior claim to which the Notes are hereby made subordinate on all money or property held or collected by such trustee as such, except for funds held in trust for the benefit of Holders of particular Notes, to secure any amounts then due it pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.06.

No successor trustee shall accept appointment as provided in this Section 7.10 unless at the time of such acceptance such successor trustee shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08.

Upon acceptance of appointment by a successor trustee as provided in this Section 7.10, each of the Company and the successor trustee, at the written direction and at the expense of the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered notice of the succession of such trustee hereunder to the Holders. If the Company fails to deliver such notice within ten days after acceptance of appointment by the successor trustee, the successor trustee shall cause such notice to be delivered at the expense of the Company.

Section 7.11. Succession by Merger, Etc. Any organization or other entity into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any organization or other entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any organization or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee (including the administration of this Indenture), shall be the successor to the Trustee hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto; provided that in the case of any organization or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Trustee such organization or other entity shall be eligible under the provisions of Section 7.08.

In case at the time such successor to the Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by this Indenture, any of the Notes shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee or authenticating agent appointed by such predecessor trustee, and deliver such Notes so authenticated; and in case at that time any of the Notes shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee or an authenticating agent appointed by such successor trustee may authenticate such Notes either in the name of any predecessor trustee hereunder or in the name of the successor trustee; and in all such cases such certificates shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Notes or in this Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall have; provided, however, that the right to adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor trustee or to authenticate Notes in the name of any predecessor trustee shall apply only to its successor or successors by merger, conversion or consolidation.

Section 7.12 . Trustees Application for Instructions from the Company. Any application by the Trustee for written instructions from the Company (other than with regard to any action proposed to be taken or omitted to be taken by the Trustee that affects the rights of the Holders of the Notes under this Indenture) may, at the option of the Trustee, set forth in writing any action proposed to be taken or omitted by the Trustee under this Indenture and the date on and/or after which such action shall be taken or such omission shall be effective. The Trustee shall not be liable to the Company for any action taken by, or omission of, the Trustee in accordance with a proposal included in such application on or after the date specified in such application (which date shall not be less than three Business Days after the date any Officer that the Company has indicated to the Trustee should receive such application actually receives such application, unless any such Officer shall have consented in writing to any earlier date), unless, prior to taking any such action (or the effective date in the case of any omission), the Trustee shall have received written instructions in accordance with this Indenture in response to such application specifying the action to be taken or omitted.

ARTICLE 8

Concerning the Holders

Section 8.01. Action by Holders. Whenever in this Indenture it is provided that the Holders of a specified percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes may take any action (including the making of any demand or request, the giving of any notice, consent or waiver or the taking of any other action), the fact that at the time of taking any such action, the Holders of such specified percentage have joined therein may be evidenced (a) by any instrument or any number of instruments of similar tenor executed by Holders in person or by agent or proxy appointed in writing, or (b) by the record of the Holders voting in favor thereof at any meeting of Holders duly called and held in accordance with the provisions of Article 9, or (c) by a combination of such instrument or instruments and any such record of such a meeting of Holders. Whenever the Company or the Trustee solicits the taking of any action by the Holders of the Notes, the Company or the Trustee may, but shall not be required to, fix in advance of such solicitation, a date as the record date for determining Holders entitled to take such action. The record date, if one is selected, shall be not more than fifteen days prior to the date of commencement of solicitation of such action.

Section 8.02. Proof of Execution by Holders. Subject to the provisions of Section 7.01, Section 7.02 and Section 9.05, proof of the execution of any instrument or writing by a Holder or its agent or proxy shall be sufficient if made in accordance with such reasonable rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Trustee or in such manner as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee . The holding of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register or by a certificate of the Note Registrar. The record of any Holders meeting shall be proved in the manner provided in Section 9.06.

Section 8.03. Who Are Deemed Absolute Owners. The Company, the Trustee, any authenticating agent, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent and any Note Registrar may deem the Person in whose name a Note shall be registered upon the Note Register to be, and may treat it as, the absolute owner of such Note (whether or not such Note shall be overdue and 

notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon made by any Person other than the Company or any Note Registrar) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account of the principal (including any Redemption Price and any Fundamental Change Repurchase Price) of and (subject to Section 2.03) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such Note, for conversion of such Note and for all other purposes under this Indenture; and neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any Paying Agent nor any Conversion Agent nor any Note Registrar shall be affected nor incur any liability by any notice to the contrary. The sole registered holder of a Global Note shall be the Depositary or its nominee. All such payments or deliveries so made to any Holder for the time being, or upon its order, shall be valid, and, to the extent of the sums or shares of Common Stock so paid or delivered, effectual to satisfy and discharge the liability for monies payable or shares deliverable upon any such Note. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture or the Notes, any holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note may directly enforce against the Company, without the consent, solicitation, proxy, authorization or any other action of the Depositary or any other Person (x) such holders right to convert a Note in which it holds such beneficial interest on account of a Deemed Redemption pursuant to Section 14.01(b)(v), and (y) such holders right to exchange such beneficial interest for a Note in certificated form in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture following an Event of Default.

Section 8.04. Company-Owned Notes Disregarded. In determining whether the Holders of the requisite aggregate principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, consent, waiver or other action under this Indenture, Notes that are owned by the Company, by any Subsidiary thereof or by any Affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary thereof shall be disregarded and deemed not to be outstanding for the purpose of any such determination; provided that for the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, consent, waiver or other action only Notes that a Responsible Officer actually knows are so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as outstanding for the purposes of this Section 8.04 if the pledgee shall establish to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgees right to so act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Company, a Subsidiary thereof or an Affiliate of the Company or a Subsidiary thereof. In the case of a dispute as to such right, any decision by the Trustee taken upon the advice of counsel shall be full protection to the Trustee. Upon request of the Trustee, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee promptly an Officers Certificate listing and identifying all Notes, if any, known by the Company to be owned or held by or for the account of any of the above described Persons; and, subject to Section 7.01, the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such Officers Certificate as conclusive evidence of the facts therein set forth and of the fact that all Notes not listed therein are outstanding for the purpose of any such determination.

Section 8.05. Revocation of Consents; Future Holders Bound. At any time prior to (but not after) the evidencing to the Trustee, as provided in Section 8.01, of the taking of any action by the Holders of the percentage of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes specified in this Indenture in connection with such action, any Holder of a Note that is shown by the evidence to be included in the Notes the Holders of which have consented to such action may, by filing 

written notice with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office and upon proof of holding as provided in Section 8.02, revoke such action so far as concerns such Note. Except as aforesaid, any such action taken by the Holder of any Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of such Note and of any Notes issued in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer thereof, irrespective of whether any notation in regard thereto is made upon such Note or any Note issued in exchange or substitution therefor or upon registration of transfer thereof.

ARTICLE 9

Holders Meetings

Section 9.01. Purpose of Meetings. A meeting of Holders may be called at any time and from time to time pursuant to the provisions of this Article 9 for any of the following purposes:

(a)to give any notice to the Company or to the Trustee or to give any directions to the Trustee permitted under this Indenture, or to consent to the waiving of any Default or Event of Default hereunder (in each case, as permitted under this Indenture) and its consequences, or to take any other action authorized to be taken by Holders pursuant to any of the provisions of Article 6;

(b)to remove the Trustee and nominate a successor trustee pursuant to the provisions of Article 7;

(c)to consent to the execution of an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.02; or

(d)to take any other action authorized to be taken by or on behalf of the Holders of any specified aggregate principal amount of the Notes under any other provision of this Indenture or under applicable law.

Section 9.02. Call of Meetings by Trustee. The Trustee may at any time call a meeting of Holders to take any action specified in Section 9.01, to be held at such time and at such place as the Trustee shall determine. Notice of every meeting of the Holders, setting forth the time and the place of such meeting and in general terms the action proposed to be taken at such meeting and the establishment of any record date pursuant to Section 8.01, shall be delivered to Holders of such Notes. Such notice shall also be delivered to the Company. Such notices shall be delivered not less than 20 nor more than 90 days prior to the date fixed for the meeting.

Any meeting of Holders shall be valid without notice if the Holders of all Notes then outstanding are present in person or by proxy or if notice is waived before or after the meeting by the Holders of all Notes then outstanding, and if the Company and the Trustee are either present by duly authorized representatives or have, before or after the meeting, waived notice.

Section 9.03. Call of Meetings by Company or Holders. In case at any time the Company, pursuant to a Board Resolution, or the Holders of at least 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall have requested the Trustee to call a meeting of Holders, by written request setting forth in reasonable detail the action proposed to be taken at the meeting, and the Trustee shall not have delivered the notice of such meeting within 

20 days after receipt of such request, then the Company or such Holders may determine the time and the place for such meeting and may call such meeting to take any action authorized in Section 9.01, by delivering notice thereof as provided in Section 9.02.

Section 9.04. Qualifications for Voting. To be entitled to vote at any meeting of Holders a Person shall (a) be a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting or (b) be a Person appointed by an instrument in writing as proxy by a Holder of one or more Notes on the record date pertaining to such meeting. The only Persons who shall be entitled to be present or to speak at any meeting of Holders shall be the Persons entitled to vote at such meeting and their counsel and any representatives of the Trustee and its counsel and any representatives of the Company and its counsel.

Section 9.05. Regulations. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Indenture, the Trustee may make such reasonable regulations as it may deem advisable for any meeting of Holders, in regard to proof of the holding of Notes and of the appointment of proxies, and in regard to the appointment and duties of inspectors of votes, the submission and examination of proxies, certificates and other evidence of the right to vote, and such other matters concerning the conduct of the meeting as it shall think fit.

The Trustee shall, by an instrument in writing, appoint a temporary chairman of the meeting, unless the meeting shall have been called by the Company or by Holders as provided in Section 9.03, in which case the Company or the Holders calling the meeting, as the case may be, shall in like manner appoint a temporary chairman. A permanent chairman and a permanent secretary of the meeting shall be elected by vote of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented at the meeting and entitled to vote at the meeting.

Subject to the provisions of Section 8.04, at any meeting of Holders each Holder or proxyholder shall be entitled to one vote for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes held or represented by him or her; provided, however, that no vote shall be cast or counted at any meeting in respect of any Note challenged as not outstanding and ruled by the chairman of the meeting to be not outstanding. The chairman of the meeting shall have no right to vote other than by virtue of Notes held by it or instruments in writing as aforesaid duly designating it as the proxy to vote on behalf of other Holders. Any meeting of Holders duly called pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.02 or Section 9.03 may be adjourned from time to time by the Holders of a majority of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented at the meeting, whether or not constituting a quorum, and the meeting may be held as so adjourned without further notice.

Section 9.06. Voting. The vote upon any resolution submitted to any meeting of Holders shall be by written ballot on which shall be subscribed the signatures of the Holders or of their representatives by proxy and the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes held or represented by them. The permanent chairman of the meeting shall appoint two inspectors of votes who shall count all votes cast at the meeting for or against any resolution and who shall make and file with the secretary of the meeting their verified written reports in duplicate of all votes cast at the meeting. A record in duplicate of the proceedings of each meeting of Holders 

shall be prepared by the secretary of the meeting and there shall be attached to said record the original reports of the inspectors of votes on any vote by ballot taken thereat and affidavits by one or more Persons having knowledge of the facts setting forth a copy of the notice of the meeting and showing that said notice was delivered as provided in Section 9.02. The record shall show the aggregate principal amount of the Notes voting in favor of or against any resolution. The record shall be signed and verified by the affidavits of the permanent chairman and secretary of the meeting and one of the duplicates shall be delivered to the Company and the other to the Trustee to be preserved by the Trustee, the latter to have attached thereto the ballots voted at the meeting.

Any record so signed and verified shall be conclusive evidence of the matters therein stated.

Section 9.07. No Delay of Rights by Meeting. Nothing contained in this Article 9 shall be deemed or construed to authorize or permit, by reason of any call of a meeting of Holders or any rights expressly or impliedly conferred hereunder to make such call, any hindrance or delay in the exercise of any right or rights conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders under any of the provisions of this Indenture or of the Notes.

ARTICLE 10

Supplemental Indentures

Section 10.01. Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders. The Company and the Trustee, at the Companys expense, may from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for one or more of the following purposes:

(a)to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency;

(b)to provide for the assumption by a Successor Entity of the obligations of the Company under this Indenture pursuant to Article 11;

(c)to add guarantees with respect to the Notes;

(d)to secure the Notes;

(e)to add to the covenants or Events of Default of the Company for the benefit of the Holders or surrender any right or power conferred upon the Company;

(f)to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect, as certified by the Company in an Officers Certificate;

(g)in connection with any Share Exchange Event, to provide that the Notes are convertible into Reference Property, subject to the provisions of Section 14.02, and make such related changes to the terms of the Notes to the extent expressly required by Section 14.07;

(h)to conform the provisions of this Indenture or the Notes to the Description of Notes section of the Offering Memorandum as evidenced in an Officers Certificate;

(i)to comply with the rules of any applicable Depositary, including The Depository Trust Company, so long as such amendment does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect;

(j)to appoint a successor trustee with respect to the Notes;

(k)to increase the Conversion Rate as provided in this Indenture;

(l)to provide for the acceptance of appointment by a successor Trustee, Note Registrar, Paying Agent, Bid Solicitation Agent or Conversion Agent to facilitate the administration of the trusts under this Indenture by more than one trustee; or

(m)to irrevocably elect a Settlement Method or a Specified Dollar Amount, or eliminate the Companys right to elect a Settlement Method (including, at the Companys option, upon an irrevocable election as provided under Section 14.02(a)(iii)); provided, however, that no such election or elimination shall affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any Note pursuant to the provisions of Article 14.

Upon the written request of the Company, the Trustee is hereby authorized to join with the Company in the execution of any such supplemental indenture and to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained, but the Trustee shall not be obligated to, but may in its discretion, enter into any supplemental indenture that affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

Any supplemental indenture authorized by the provisions of this Section 10.01 may be executed by the Company and the Trustee without the consent of the Holders of any of the Notes at the time outstanding, notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 10.02.

After any supplemental indenture under this Section 10.01 becomes effective, the Company shall deliver to the Holders a notice briefly describing such supplemental indenture. However, the failure to give such notice to all the Holders, or any defect in the notice, will not impair or affect the validity of the supplemental indenture.

Section 10.02. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders. With the consent (evidenced as provided in Article 8) of the Holders of at least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding (determined in accordance with Article 8 and including, without limitation, consents obtained in connection with a repurchase of, or tender or exchange offer for, Notes), the Company and the Trustee, at the Companys expense, may from time to time and at any time enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture, the Notes or any supplemental indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders; provided, however, that, without the consent of each Holder of an outstanding Note affected, no such supplemental indenture shall:

(a)reduce the principal amount of Notes whose Holders must consent to an amendment;

(b)reduce the rate of or extend the stated time for payment of any interest (including Special Interest and interest payable pursuant to Section 2.03(c)) on any Note;

(c)reduce the principal of or extend the Maturity Date of any Note;

(d)except as required by this Indenture, make any change that adversely affects the conversion rights of any Notes;

(e)reduce the Redemption Price or the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price of any Note or amend or modify in any manner adverse to the Holders the Companys obligation to make such payments, whether through an amendment or waiver of provisions in the covenants, definitions or otherwise;

(f)make any Note payable in a currency, or at a place of payment, other than that stated in the Note;

(g)change the ranking of the Notes; or

(h)make any change in this Article 10 that requires each Holders consent or in the waiver provisions in Section 6.02 or Section 6.09.

Upon the written request of the Company, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence of the consent of Holders as aforesaid and subject to Section 10.05, the Trustee shall join with the Company in the execution of such supplemental indenture unless such supplemental indenture affects the Trustees own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such supplemental indenture.

Holders do not need under this Section 10.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture. It shall be sufficient if such Holders approve the substance thereof. After any supplemental indenture under this Section 10.02 becomes effective, the Company shall deliver to the Holders a notice briefly describing such supplemental indenture. However, the failure to give such notice to all the Holders, or any defect in the notice, will not impair or affect the validity of the supplemental indenture.

Section 10.03. Effect of Supplemental Indentures. Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article 10, this Indenture shall be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance therewith and the respective rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties, indemnities, privileges and immunities under this Indenture of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments and all the terms and conditions of any such supplemental indenture shall be and be deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of this Indenture for any and all purposes.

Section 10.04. Notation on Notes. Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to the provisions of this Article 10 may, at the Companys expense, bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Company or the Trustee shall so determine, new Notes so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Company, to any modification of this Indenture contained in any such supplemental indenture may, at the Companys expense, be prepared and executed by the Company, authenticated by the Trustee (or an authenticating 

agent duly appointed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 17.10) and delivered in exchange for the Notes then outstanding, upon surrender of such Notes then outstanding.

Section 10.05. Evidence of Compliance of Supplemental Indenture to Be Furnished to Trustee. In addition to the documents required by Section 17.05, the Trustee shall receive an Officers Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as conclusive evidence that any supplemental indenture executed pursuant hereto complies with the requirements of this Article 10 and is permitted or authorized by this Indenture; such Opinion of Counsel to include a customary legal opinion stating that such supplemental indenture is the valid and binding obligation of the Company, subject to customary exceptions and qualifications. The Trustee shall have no responsibility for determining whether any amendment or supplemental indenture will or may have an adverse effect on any Holder. 

ARTICLE 11

Consolidation, Merger, Sale, Conveyance and Lease

Section 11.01. Company May Consolidate, Etc. on Certain Terms. Subject to the provisions of Section 11.02, the Company shall not consolidate with, merge with or into, or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of the consolidated properties and assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another Person (other than any such sale, conveyance, transfer or lease to one or more of the Companys direct or indirect Wholly Owned Subsidiaries) (each, a Business Combination Event) unless:

(a)the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the Successor Entity), if not the Company, shall be a Qualified Successor Entity organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and the Successor Entity (if not the Company) shall expressly assume, by supplemental indenture all of the obligations of the Company under the Notes and this Indenture; and

(b)immediately after giving effect to such Business Combination Event, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under this Indenture.

For purposes of this Section 11.01, the sale, conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of one or more Subsidiaries of the Company to another Person, which properties and assets, if held by the Company instead of such Subsidiaries, would constitute all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company on a consolidated basis, shall be deemed to be the sale, conveyance, transfer or lease of all or substantially all of the properties and assets of the Company to another Person.

Section 11.02. Successor Entity to Be Substituted. In case of any Business Combination Event and upon the assumption by the Successor Entity, by supplemental indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee and satisfactory in form to the Trustee, of the due and punctual payment of the principal of and interest, if any, on all of the Notes, the due and punctual delivery or payment, as the case may be, of any consideration due upon conversion of the Notes and the due and punctual performance of all of the covenants and conditions of this Indenture to be performed by the Company, such Successor Entity (if not the Company) shall succeed to and, 

except in the case of a lease of all or substantially all of the consolidated properties and assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, shall be substituted for the Company, with the same effect as if it had been named herein as the party of the first part, and may thereafter exercise every right and power of the Company under this Indenture. Such Successor Entity thereupon may cause to be signed, and may issue either in its own name or in the name of the Company any or all of the Notes issuable hereunder which theretofore shall not have been signed by the Company and delivered to the Trustee; and, upon the order of such Successor Entity instead of the Company and subject to all the terms, conditions and limitations in this Indenture prescribed, the Trustee shall authenticate and shall deliver, or cause to be authenticated and delivered, any Notes that previously shall have been signed and delivered by the Officers of the Company to the Trustee for authentication, and any Notes that such Successor Entity thereafter shall cause to be signed and delivered to the Trustee for that purpose. All the Notes so issued shall in all respects have the same legal rank and benefit under this Indenture as the Notes theretofore or thereafter issued in accordance with the terms of this Indenture as though all of such Notes had been issued at the date of the execution hereof. In the event of any Business Combination Event (but not in the case of a lease), upon compliance with this Article 11 the Person named as the Company in the first paragraph of this Indenture (or any successor that shall thereafter have become such in the manner prescribed in this Article 11) may be dissolved, wound up and liquidated at any time thereafter and, except in the case of a lease, such Person shall be released from its liabilities as obligor and maker of the Notes and from its obligations under this Indenture and the Notes. In case of any Business Combination Event, such changes in phraseology and form (but not in substance) may be made in the Notes thereafter to be issued as may be appropriate.

ARTICLE 12

Immunity of Incorporators, Stockholders, Officers and Directors

Section 12.01. Indenture and Notes Solely Corporate Obligations. No recourse for the payment of the principal of or accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on any Note, nor for any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company in this Indenture or in any supplemental indenture or in any Note, nor because of the creation of any indebtedness represented thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, employee, agent, Officer or director or Subsidiary, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor entity, either directly or through the Company or any successor entity, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise; it being expressly understood that all such liability is hereby expressly waived and released as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of this Indenture and the issue of the Notes.

ARTICLE 13

[Intentionally Omitted]

ARTICLE 14

Conversion of Notes

Section 14.01. Conversion Privilege. 

(a)Subject to and upon compliance with the provisions of this Article 14, each Holder of a Note shall have the right, at such Holders option, to convert all or any portion (if the portion to be converted is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) of such Note (i) subject to satisfaction of the conditions described in Section 14.01(b), at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 15, 2029 under the circumstances and during the periods set forth in Section 14.01(b), and (ii) regardless of the conditions described in Section 14.01(b), on or after December 15, 2029 and prior to the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, in each case, at an initial conversion rate of 27.6656 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as provided in this Article 14, the Conversion Rate) per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (subject to, and in accordance with, the settlement provisions of Section 14.02, the Conversion Obligation). The Trustee shall have no obligation to make any determination in connection with the foregoing, including any determination as to whether any of the conditions described in Section 14.01(b) have been satisfied.

(b)

(i) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 15, 2029, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time during the five Business Day period immediately after any ten consecutive Trading Day period (the Measurement Period) in which the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, as determined following a request by a Holder of Notes in accordance with this subsection (b)(i), for each Trading Day of the Measurement Period was less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on each such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on each such Trading Day. The Trading Prices shall be determined by the Bid Solicitation Agent pursuant to this subsection (b)(i) and the definition of Trading Price set forth in this Indenture. The Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) shall have no obligation to determine the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes unless the Company has requested such determination, and the Company shall have no obligation to make such request (or, if the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, the Company shall have no obligation to determine the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes) unless a Holder or Holders of at least $5,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes provides the Company with reasonable evidence that the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes on any Trading Day would be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on such Trading Day and the Conversion Rate on such Trading Day, at which time the Company shall instruct three independent nationally recognized securities dealers to deliver bids and instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) to determine, or if the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, the Company shall determine, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of 

Notes beginning on the next Trading Day and on each successive Trading Day until the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate. If (x) the Company is not acting as Bid Solicitation Agent, and the Company does not, when the Company is required to, instruct the Bid Solicitation Agent to determine the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes when obligated as provided in the preceding sentence, or if the Company gives such instruction to the Bid Solicitation Agent and the Bid Solicitation Agent fails to make such determination, or (y) the Company is acting as Bid Solicitation Agent and the Company fails to make such determination when obligated as provided in the preceding sentence, then, in either case, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes on any date shall be deemed to be less than 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate on each Trading Day of such failure. If the Trading Price condition set forth above has been met, the Company shall so notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing. Any such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. If, at any time after the Trading Price condition set forth above has been met, the Trading Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes is greater than or equal to 98% of the product of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock and the Conversion Rate for such date, the Company shall so notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing and thereafter neither the Company nor the Bid Solicitation Agent (if other than the Company) shall be required to solicit bids (or determine the Trading Price of the Notes as set forth in this Indenture) again unless a new Holder request is made as provided in this subsection (b)(i).

(ii)If, prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 15, 2029, the Company elects to:

(A)distribute to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than in connection with a stockholder rights plan prior to the separation of such rights from the Common Stock) entitling them, for a period of not more than 60 calendar days after the announcement date of such distribution, to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such distribution; or

(B)distribute to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock the Companys assets, securities or rights to purchase securities of the Company (other than in connection with a stockholder rights plan prior to separation of such rights from the Common Stock), which distribution has a per share value, as reasonably determined by the Company in good faith, exceeding 

10% of the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day preceding the date of announcement for such distribution,

then, in either case, the Company shall notify all Holders of the Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing at least 46 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution (or, if later in the case of any such separation of rights issued pursuant to a stockholder rights plan, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company becomes aware that such separation or triggering event has occurred or will occur); provided, however, that if the Company is then otherwise permitted to settle conversions of Notes by Physical Settlement (and, for the avoidance of doubt, has not irrevocably elected another Settlement Method for conversions of Notes), then the Company may instead elect to provide such notice at least five Scheduled Trading Days prior to such Ex-Dividend Date, in which case the Company shall be required to settle all conversions of Notes with a Conversion Date occurring during the period on or after the date the Company provides such notice and before such Ex-Dividend Date (or, if earlier, the date the Company announces that such issuance or distribution will not take place) by Physical Settlement, and the Company shall describe the same in such notice. Once the Company has given such notice, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time until the earlier of (1) the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution and (2) the Companys announcement that such distribution will not take place, in each case, even if the Notes are not otherwise convertible at such time; provided that Holders may not convert their Notes pursuant to this subsection (b)(ii) if they participate, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the Notes, in any of the transactions described in clause (A) or (B) of this subsection (b)(ii) without having to convert their Notes as if they held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder.

(iii) If (A) a transaction or event that constitutes a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 15, 2029, regardless of whether a Holder has the right to require the Company to repurchase the Notes pursuant to Section 15.02, or (B) if the Company is a party to a Share Exchange Event (other than a Share Exchange Event that is solely for the purpose of changing the Companys jurisdiction of organization that (x) does not constitute a Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change and (y) results in a reclassification, conversion or exchange of outstanding shares of Common Stock solely into shares of common stock of the surviving entity and such common stock becomes Reference Property for the Notes) that occurs prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 15, 2029, (each such Fundamental Change, Make-Whole Fundamental Change or Share Exchange Event, a Corporate Event), all or any portion of a Holders Notes may be surrendered for 

conversion at any time from or after the effective date of such Corporate Event until the earlier of (x) 35 Trading Days after the effective date of the Corporate Event (or, if the Company gives notice after the effective date of such Corporate Event, until 35 Trading Days after the date the Company gives notice of such Corporate Event) or, if such Corporate Event also constitutes a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change), until the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and (y) the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing as promptly as practicable following the effective date of such Corporate Event, but in no event later than one Business Day after the effective date of such Corporate Event. 

(iv) Prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding December 15, 2029, a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Notes for conversion at any time during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2025 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of 30 consecutive Trading Days ending on, and including, the last Trading Day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the Conversion Price on each applicable Trading Day.

(v)If the Company calls any Notes for Optional Redemption pursuant to Article 16, then a Holder may surrender all or any portion of its Called Notes for conversion at any time from, and including, the date of issuance of the Notice of Redemption with respect to such Called Notes until the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the applicable Redemption Date unless the Company fails to pay the Redemption Price (in which case a Holder of Called Notes may convert all or a portion of its Called Notes until the close of business on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Redemption Price has been paid or duly provided for) (such period, a Redemption Period). If the Company elects to redeem fewer than all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to Article 16, and the Holder of any Note (or any owner of a beneficial interest in any Global Note) is reasonably not able to determine, prior to the close of business on the 44th Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the relevant Redemption Date (or if, as permitted by Section 16.02(a), the Company delivers a Notice of Redemption not less than 15 calendar days nor more than 65 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the related Redemption Date, then prior to close of business on the 14th calendar day immediately before the relevant Redemption Date), whether such Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, is to be redeemed pursuant to such Optional Redemption, then such Holder or owner, as applicable, will be entitled to convert such Note or beneficial interest, as applicable, at any time during the related Redemption Period, and each such conversion will be deemed to be of a Note called for Optional Redemption, and such Note or beneficial interest will 

be deemed called for Optional Redemption solely for the purposes of such conversion (Deemed Redemption). If a Holder elects to convert Called Notes during the related Redemption Period, the Company will, under certain circumstances, increase the Conversion Rate for such Called Notes pursuant to Section 14.03. Accordingly, if the Company elects to redeem fewer than all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to Article 16, Holders of the Notes that are not Called Notes shall not be entitled to convert such Notes pursuant to this Section 14.01(b)(v) and shall not be entitled to an increase in the Conversion Rate on account of the Notice of Redemption for conversions of such Notes during the related Redemption Period, even if such Notes are otherwise convertible pursuant to any other provision of this Section 14.01(b).

Section 14.02. Conversion Procedure; Settlement Upon Conversion. 

(a)Subject to this Section 14.02, Section 14.03(b) and Section 14.07(a), upon conversion of any Note, the Company shall satisfy its Conversion Obligation by paying or delivering, as the case may be, to the converting Holder, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted, cash (Cash Settlement), shares of Common Stock, together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of this Section 14.02 (Physical Settlement) or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, together with cash, if applicable, in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock in accordance with subsection (j) of this Section 14.02 (Combination Settlement), at its election, as set forth in this Section 14.02.

(i)All conversions of Called Notes for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the related Redemption Period, and all conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after December 15, 2029, shall be settled using the same Settlement Method. 

(ii)Except for any conversions of Called Notes for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the related Redemption Period, and any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after December 15, 2029, and except to the extent the Company has irrevocably elected Physical Settlement pursuant to Section 14.01(b)(ii) in a notice as described in such Section or has previously made an irrevocable election with respect to all subsequent conversions of the Notes pursuant to the second paragraph of Section 14.02(a)(iii), the Company shall use the same Settlement Method for all conversions with the same Conversion Date, but the Company shall not have any obligation to use the same Settlement Method with respect to conversions with different Conversion Dates. 

(iii) If, in respect of any Conversion Date (or any conversions of Called Notes for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the related Redemption Period, or any conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after December 15, 2029 or for which the Company has irrevocably elected Physical Settlement pursuant to Section 14.01(b)(ii) in a notice as described in such Section), the Company elects to deliver a notice (the Settlement Notice) of the relevant Settlement Method in respect 

of such Conversion Date (or such period, as the case may be), the Company shall deliver such Settlement Notice to converting Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) no later than the close of business on the Trading Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date (or, in the case of (A) any conversions of Called Notes for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the related Redemption Period, in the related Notice of Redemption, (B) any conversions of Notes for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs on or after December 15, 2029, no later than December 15, 2029 or (C) any conversions for which the Company has irrevocably elected Physical Settlement pursuant to Section 14.01(b)(ii), in a notice as described in such Section, or for which the Company has previously made an irrevocable election with respect to all subsequent conversions of the Notes pursuant to the second paragraph of this Section 14.02(a)(iii)). If the Company does not elect a Settlement Method prior to the deadline set forth in the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall no longer have the right to elect a Settlement Method with respect to any conversion on such Conversion Date or during such period, and the Company shall be deemed to have elected the Default Settlement Method with respect to such conversion. Such Settlement Notice shall specify the relevant Settlement Method and in the case of an election of Combination Settlement, the relevant Settlement Notice shall indicate the Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes. If the Company delivers a Settlement Notice electing Combination Settlement (or is deemed to have elected Combination Settlement) in respect of its Conversion Obligation but does not indicate a Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes to be converted in such Settlement Notice, the Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be deemed to be $1,000. For the avoidance of doubt, the Companys failure to timely elect a Settlement Method or specify as applicable a Specified Dollar Amount shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default under this Indenture.

By notice to Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee), the Company may, from time to time, change the Default Settlement Method prior to December 15, 2029. By notice to all Holders, the Company may, prior to December 15, 2029, at its option, irrevocably elect to satisfy its Conversion Obligation with respect to the Notes through any Settlement Method that the Company is then permitted to elect, including Combination Settlement with a Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes of $1,000 or with an ability to continue to set the Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes at or above a specific amount set forth in such election notice. If the Company changes the Default Settlement Method or the Company irrevocably elects to fix the Settlement Method, in either case, to Combination Settlement with an ability to continue to set the Specified Dollar Amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes at or above a specific amount, the Company will, after the date of such change or election, as the case may be, inform Holders converting their Notes, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) of such Specified Dollar Amount no later than the relevant deadline for election of a specified Settlement Method as set forth in the immediately preceding paragraph, or, if the 

Company does not timely notify Holders, such Specified Dollar Amount will be the specific amount set forth in the election notice or, if no specific amount was set forth in the election notice, such Specified Dollar Amount will be $1,000 per $1,000 principal amount of Notes. A change in the Default Settlement Method or an irrevocable election shall apply for all conversions of Notes with Conversion Dates occurring subsequent to delivery of such notice; provided, however, that no such change or election will affect any Settlement Method theretofore elected (or deemed to be elected) with respect to any Note. For the avoidance of doubt, such an irrevocable election, if made by the Company, will be effective without the need to amend this Indenture or the Notes, including pursuant to Section 10.01(m). However, the Company may nonetheless choose to execute such an amendment at its option. If the Company changes the Default Settlement Method or if the Company irrevocably fixes the Settlement Method pursuant to this paragraph, then, concurrently with providing notice to Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if not the Trustee) of such change or election, the Company shall either post the Default Settlement Method or fixed Settlement Method, as the case may be, on its website or disclose the same in a current report on Form 8-K (or any successor form) that is filed with the Commission.

(iv) The cash, shares of Common Stock or combination of cash and shares of Common Stock in respect of any conversion of Notes (the Settlement Amount) shall be computed as follows:

(A)if the Company elects (or is deemed to have elected) to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Physical Settlement, the Company shall deliver to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date;

(B)if the Company elects (or is deemed to have elected) to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Cash Settlement, the Company shall pay to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted cash in an amount equal to the sum of the Daily Conversion Values for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the related Observation Period; and

(C)if the Company elects (or is deemed to have elected) to satisfy its Conversion Obligation in respect of such conversion by Combination Settlement, the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, to the converting Holder in respect of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes being converted, a Settlement Amount equal to the sum of the Daily Settlement Amounts for each of the 40 consecutive Trading Days during the related Observation Period. 

(v)The Daily Settlement Amounts (if applicable) and the Daily Conversion Values (if applicable) shall be determined by the Company promptly following the last 

day of the Observation Period. Promptly after such determination of the Daily Settlement Amounts (if applicable), the Daily Conversion Values (if applicable) and the amount of cash payable in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock, the Company shall notify the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) of the Daily Settlement Amounts (if applicable), the Daily Conversion Values (if applicable) and the amount of cash payable in lieu of delivering any fractional shares of Common Stock. The Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) shall have no responsibility for any such determination.

(b)Subject to Section 14.02(e), before any Holder of a Note shall be entitled to convert a Note as set forth above, such Holder shall (i) in the case of a Global Note, comply with the applicable procedures of the Depositary in effect at that time and, if required, pay funds equal to any Special Interest payable on the next Special Interest Payment Date to which such Holder is not entitled as set forth in Section 14.02(h) and (ii) in the case of a Physical Note (1) complete, manually sign and deliver an irrevocable notice to the Conversion Agent as set forth in the Form of Notice of Conversion (or a facsimile, PDF or other electronic transmission thereof) (a notice pursuant to the applicable procedures of the Depositary or a notice as set forth in the Form of Notice of Conversion, a Notice of Conversion) at the office of the Conversion Agent and state in writing therein the principal amount of Notes to be converted and the name or names (with addresses) in which such Holder wishes the certificate or certificates for any shares of Common Stock to be delivered upon settlement of the Conversion Obligation to be registered, (2) surrender such Notes, duly endorsed to the Company or in blank (and accompanied by appropriate endorsement and transfer documents), at the office of the Conversion Agent, (3) if required, furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and (4) if required, pay funds equal to any Special Interest payable on the next Special Interest Payment Date to which such Holder is not entitled as set forth in Section 14.02(h). The Trustee (and if different, the Conversion Agent) shall notify the Company of any conversion pursuant to this Article 14 on the Conversion Date for such conversion. No Notes may be surrendered for conversion by a Holder thereof if such Holder has also delivered a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice to the Company in respect of such Notes and has not validly withdrawn such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with Section 15.03.

If more than one Note shall be surrendered for conversion at one time by the same Holder, the Conversion Obligation with respect to such Notes shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (or specified portions thereof to the extent permitted thereby) so surrendered.

(c)A Note shall be deemed to have been converted immediately prior to the close of business on the date (the Conversion Date) that the Holder has complied with the requirements set forth in subsection (b) above. Except as set forth in Section 14.03(b) and Section 14.07(a), the Company shall pay or deliver, as the case may be, the consideration due in respect of the Conversion Obligation on the second Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date, if the Company elects Physical Settlement (provided that, with respect to any Conversion Date following March 1, 2030 where Physical Settlement applies to the 

related conversion, the Company shall settle any such conversion on the Maturity Date), or on the second Business Day immediately following the last Trading Day of the Observation Period, in the case of any other Settlement Method. If any shares of Common Stock are due to a converting Holder, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued, and deliver (if applicable) to the Conversion Agent or to such Holder, or such Holders nominee or nominees, the full number of shares of Common Stock to which such Holder shall be entitled, in book-entry format through the Depositary, in satisfaction of the Companys Conversion Obligation.

(d)In case any Note shall be surrendered for partial conversion, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to or upon the written order of the Holder of the Note so surrendered a new Note or Notes in authorized denominations in an aggregate principal amount equal to the unconverted portion of the surrendered Note, without payment of any service charge by the converting Holder but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax or similar governmental charge required by law or that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such conversion being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such conversion.

(e)If a Holder submits a Note for conversion, the Company shall pay any documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer tax due on the issue of any shares of Common Stock upon conversion, unless the tax is due because the Holder requests such shares to be issued in a name other than the Holders name, in which case the Holder shall pay that tax. The Conversion Agent may refuse to deliver the certificates representing the shares of Common Stock being issued in a name other than the Holders name until the Trustee receives a sum sufficient to pay any tax that is due by such Holder in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. 

(f)Except as provided in Section 14.04, no adjustment shall be made for dividends on any shares of Common Stock issued upon the conversion of any Note as provided in this Article 14.

(g)Upon the conversion of an interest in a Global Note, the Trustee, or the Custodian at the direction of the Trustee, shall make a notation on such Global Note as to the reduction in the principal amount represented thereby. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of any conversion of Notes effected through any Conversion Agent other than the Trustee.

(h)Upon conversion, a Holder shall not receive any separate cash payment for accrued and unpaid interest, if any, except as set forth below. The Companys settlement of the full Conversion Obligation shall be deemed to satisfy in full its obligation to pay the principal amount of the Note and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the relevant Conversion Date. As a result, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the relevant Conversion Date shall be deemed to be paid in full rather than cancelled, extinguished or forfeited. Upon a conversion of Notes into a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, accrued and unpaid interest will be deemed to be paid first out of the cash paid upon such conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Notes are converted after the close of business on 

a Special Interest Record Date for the payment of Special Interest, and prior to the open of business on the corresponding Special Interest Payment Date, Holders of such Notes as of the close of business on such Special Interest Record Date will receive the full amount of any Special Interest payable on such Notes on the corresponding Special Interest Payment Date notwithstanding the conversion. Notes surrendered for conversion during the period from the close of business on any Special Interest Record Date to the open of business on the immediately following Special Interest Payment Date must be accompanied by funds equal to the amount of any Special Interest payable on the Notes so converted; provided that no such payment shall be required (1) for conversions following the close of business on March 1, 2030, if and to the extent Special Interest is payable on the Maturity Date; (2) for conversions of Called Notes during the related Redemption Period if the Company has specified a Redemption Date that is after a Special Interest Record Date and on or prior to the second Business Day immediately following the corresponding Special Interest Payment Date; (3) for conversions of Notes if the Company has specified a Fundamental Change Repurchase Date that is after a Special Interest Record Date and on or prior to the Business Day immediately following the corresponding Special Interest Payment Date; or (4) to the extent of any overdue interest, if any overdue interest exists at the time of conversion with respect to such Note. Therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, all Holders of record on March 1, 2030 (if and to the extent Special Interest is payable on the Maturity Date) shall receive the full Special Interest payment due on the Maturity Date in cash regardless of whether their Notes have been converted following March 1, 2030.

(i)The Person in whose name the shares of Common Stock shall be issuable upon conversion shall be treated as a stockholder of record as of the close of business on the relevant Conversion Date (if the Company elects to satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Physical Settlement) or the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation Period (if the Company elects to satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Combination Settlement), as the case may be. Upon a conversion of Notes, such Person shall no longer be a Holder of such Notes surrendered for conversion.

(j)The Company shall not issue any fractional share of Common Stock upon conversion of the Notes and shall instead pay cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share of Common Stock issuable upon conversion based on the Daily VWAP for the relevant Conversion Date (in the case of Physical Settlement) or based on the Daily VWAP for the last Trading Day of the relevant Observation Period (in the case of Combination Settlement). For each Note surrendered for conversion, if the Company has elected (or is deemed to have elected) Combination Settlement, the full number of shares that shall be issued upon conversion thereof shall be computed on the basis of the aggregate Daily Settlement Amounts for the relevant Observation Period and any fractional shares remaining after such computation shall be paid in cash. 

Section 14.03. Increased Conversion Rate Applicable to Certain Notes Surrendered in Connection with Make-Whole Fundamental Changes or a Notice of Redemption. 

(a)If (i) the Effective Date of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs prior to the Maturity Date and a Holder elects to convert its Notes in connection with such Make-Whole 

Fundamental Change or (ii) the Company delivers a Notice of Redemption as provided under Section 16.02 and a Holder elects to convert its Called Notes in connection with such Notice of Redemption, as the case may be, the Company shall, under the circumstances described below, increase the Conversion Rate for the Notes so surrendered for conversion by a number of additional shares of Common Stock (the Additional Shares), as described below. A conversion of Notes shall be deemed for these purposes to be in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the period from, and including, the Effective Date of the Make-Whole Fundamental Change up to, and including, the Business Day immediately prior to the related Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (or, in the case of an Exempted Fundamental Change or a Make-Whole Fundamental Change that would have been a Fundamental Change but for the proviso in clause (b) of the definition thereof, the 35th Trading Day immediately following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change) (such period, the Make-Whole Fundamental Change Period). A conversion of Notes shall be deemed for these purposes to be in connection with a Notice of Redemption if such Notes are Called Notes with respect to such Notice of Redemption and the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the related Redemption Period. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Company elects to redeem fewer than all of the outstanding Notes pursuant to Article 16, Holders of the Notes that are not Called Notes shall not be entitled to convert such Notes pursuant to Section 14.01(b)(v) and shall not be entitled to an increase in the Conversion Rate for conversions of such Notes (on account of the Notice of Redemption) during the applicable Redemption Period, even if such Notes are otherwise convertible pursuant to Section 14.01(b)(i)-(iv).

(b)Upon surrender of Notes for conversion in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or a Notice of Redemption, the Company shall, at its option, satisfy the related Conversion Obligation by Physical Settlement, Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement in accordance with Section 14.02; provided, however, that if, at the effective time of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Reference Property following such Make-Whole Fundamental Change is composed entirely of cash, for any conversion of Notes following the Effective Date of such Make-Whole Fundamental Change, the Conversion Obligation shall be calculated based solely on the Stock Price for the transaction and shall be deemed to be an amount of cash per $1,000 principal amount of converted Notes equal to the Conversion Rate (including any increase to reflect the Additional Shares), multiplied by such Stock Price. In such event, the Conversion Obligation shall be determined and paid to Holders in cash on the fifth Business Day following the Conversion Date. The Company shall notify the Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing of the Effective Date of any Make-Whole Fundamental Change no later than five Business Days after such Effective Date.

(c)The number of Additional Shares, if any, by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased for conversions in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or a Notice of Redemption shall be determined by reference to the table below, based on the date on which the Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurs or becomes effective or the date the Company delivers 

the Notice of Redemption, as the case may be (in each case, the Effective Date), and the price (the Stock Price) paid (or deemed to be paid) per share of the Common Stock in the Make-Whole Fundamental Change or determined with respect to the Notice of Redemption, as the case may be. If the holders of the Common Stock receive in exchange for their Common Stock only cash in a Make-Whole Fundamental Change described in clause (b) of the definition of Fundamental Change, the Stock Price shall be the cash amount paid per share. Otherwise, the Stock Price shall be the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the five consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the applicable Effective Date. If a conversion of Called Notes during a Redemption Period would also be deemed to be in connection with a Make-Whole Fundamental Change, a Holder of any such Notes to be converted shall be entitled to a single increase to the Conversion Rate with respect to the first to occur of the Effective Date of the Notice of Redemption or the Make-Whole Fundamental Change, as applicable, and the later event shall be deemed not to have occurred for purposes of such conversion for purposes of this Section 14.03.

(d)The Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table below shall be adjusted as of any date on which the Conversion Rate of the Notes is otherwise adjusted. The adjusted Stock Prices shall equal the Stock Prices applicable immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such adjustment giving rise to the Stock Price adjustment and the denominator of which is the Conversion Rate as so adjusted. The number of Additional Shares set forth in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the Conversion Rate as set forth in Section 14.04.

(e)The following table sets forth the number of Additional Shares by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased per $1,000 principal amount of Notes pursuant to this Section 14.03 for each Stock Price and Effective Date set forth below:

Stock Price 

Effective Date $27.28 $29.00 $32.00 $36.15 $40.00 $46.99 $50.00 $60.00 $75.00 $100.00 $125.00 $150.00

February 27, 2025 8.9912 7.9424 6.4588 4.9331 3.8953 2.6029 2.2050 1.2995 0.6049 0.1564 0.0235 0.0000 

March 15, 2026 8.9912 7.9424 6.4588 4.9331 3.8445 2.5014 2.0946 1.1860 0.5165 0.1132 0.0100 0.0000 

March 15, 2027 8.9912 7.9424 6.4588 4.7740 3.6315 2.2624 1.8582 0.9835 0.3807 0.0593 0.0004 0.0000 

March 15, 2028 8.9912 7.9424 6.2094 4.3721 3.1905 1.8357 1.4546 0.6780 0.2071 0.0120 0.0000 0.0000 

March 15, 2029 8.9912 7.5914 5.4881 3.5024 2.3115 1.0928 0.7922 0.2668 0.0388 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 

March 15, 2030 8.9912 6.8172 3.5844 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 0.0000 

The exact Stock Price and Effective Date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case:

(i)if the Stock Price is between two Stock Prices in the table above or the Effective Date is between two Effective Dates in the table, the number of Additional Shares by which the Conversion Rate shall be increased shall be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of Additional Shares set forth for the higher and lower Stock Prices and the earlier and later Effective Dates, as applicable, based on a 365-day year;

(ii)if the Stock Price is greater than $150.00 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate; and 

(iii) if the Stock Price is less than $27.28 per share (subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Stock Prices set forth in the column headings of the table above pursuant to subsection (d) above), no Additional Shares shall be added to the Conversion Rate.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Conversion Rate per $1,000 principal amount of Notes exceed 36.6568 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment in the same manner as the Conversion Rate pursuant to Section 14.04.

(f)Nothing in this Section 14.03 shall prevent an adjustment to the Conversion Rate that would otherwise be required pursuant to Section 14.04 in respect of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change.

Section 14.04. Adjustment of Conversion Rate. The Conversion Rate shall be adjusted from time to time by the Company if any of the following events occurs, except that the Company shall not make any adjustments to the Conversion Rate if Holders of the Notes participate (other than in the case of (x) a share split or share combination or (y) a tender or exchange offer), at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock and solely as a result of holding the Notes, in any of the transactions described in this Section 14.04, without having to convert their Notes, as if they held a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate, multiplied by the principal amount (expressed in thousands) of Notes held by such Holder.

(a)If the Company exclusively issues shares of Common Stock as a dividend or distribution on shares of the Common Stock, or if the Company effects a share split or share combination, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date of such dividend or distribution, or immediately prior to the open of business on the Effective Date of such share split or share combination, as applicable;

CR' = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date (before giving effect to any such dividend, distribution, split or combination); and

OS' = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such dividend, distribution, share split or share combination.

Any adjustment made under this Section 14.04(a) shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution, or immediately after the open of business on the Effective Date for such share split or share combination, as applicable. If any dividend or distribution of the type described in this Section 14.04(a) is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be immediately readjusted, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared.

(b)If the Company distributes to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock any rights, options or warrants (other than pursuant to a stockholder rights plan) entitling them, for a period of not more than 60 calendar days after the announcement date of such distribution, to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such distribution, the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR' = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

X = the total number of shares of Common Stock distributable pursuant to such rights, options or warrants; and

Y = the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the aggregate price payable to exercise such rights, options or warrants, divided by the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of the distribution of such rights, options or warrants.

Any increase made under this Section 14.04(b) shall be made successively whenever any such rights, options or warrants are distributed and shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. To the extent that shares of the Common Stock are not delivered after the expiration of such rights, options or warrants, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect had the increase with respect to the distribution of such rights, options or warrants been made on the basis of delivery of only the number of shares of Common Stock actually delivered. If such rights, options or warrants are not so distributed, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution had not occurred.

For purposes of this Section 14.04(b) and for the purpose of Section 14.01(b)(ii)(A), in determining whether any rights, options or warrants entitle the holders of Common Stock to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Common Stock at a price per share that is less than such average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock for the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such distribution, and in determining the aggregate offering price of such shares of Common Stock, there shall be taken into account any consideration received by the Company for such rights, options or warrants and any amount payable on exercise or conversion thereof, the value of such consideration, if other than cash, to be determined by the Company in good faith. 

(c)If the Company distributes shares of its Capital Stock, evidences of its indebtedness, other assets or property of the Company or rights, options or warrants to acquire its Capital Stock or other securities, to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, excluding (i) dividends, distributions or issuances (including share splits) as to which an adjustment was effected (or would have been effected but for the 1% Exception) pursuant to Section 14.04(a) or Section 14.04(b), (ii) except as otherwise provided in Section 14.11, rights issued pursuant to any stockholder rights plan of the Company then in effect, (iii) distributions of Reference Property in exchange for, or upon conversion of, Common Stock in a Share Exchange Event, (iv) dividends or distributions paid exclusively in cash as to which the provisions set forth in Section 14.04(d) shall apply, and (v) Spin-Offs as to which the provisions set forth below in this Section 14.04(c) shall apply (any of such shares of Capital Stock, evidences of indebtedness, other assets or property or rights, options or warrants to acquire Capital Stock or other securities, the Distributed Property), then the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution;

CR' = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date;

SP0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution; and

FMV = the fair market value (as determined by the Company in good faith) of the Distributed Property with respect to each outstanding share of the Common Stock on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution.

Any increase made under the portion of this Section 14.04(c) above shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such distribution. If such distribution is not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if FMV (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, in respect of each $1,000 principal amount thereof, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of the Common Stock receive the Distributed Property, the amount and kind of Distributed Property such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Ex-Dividend Date for the distribution. 

With respect to an adjustment pursuant to this Section 14.04(c) where there has been a payment of a dividend or other distribution on the Common Stock of shares of Capital Stock of any class or series, or similar equity interest, of or relating to a Subsidiary or other business unit of the Company, that are, or, when issued, will be, listed or admitted for trading on a U.S. national securities exchange (a Spin-Off), the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the end of the Valuation Period;

CR' = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the end of the Valuation Period;

FMV0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Capital Stock or similar equity interest distributed to holders of the Common Stock applicable to one share of the Common Stock (determined by reference to the definition of Last Reported Sale Price as set forth in Section 1.01 as if references therein to Common Stock were to such Capital Stock or similar equity interest) over the first 10 consecutive Trading Day period after, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of the Spin-Off (the Valuation Period); and

MP0 = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the Valuation Period.

The increase to the Conversion Rate under the preceding paragraph shall occur at the close of business on the last Trading Day of the Valuation Period; provided that (x) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Physical Settlement is applicable, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the Valuation Period, the reference to 10 in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of such Spin-Off to, and including, the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate and (y) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable, for any Trading Day that falls within the relevant Observation Period for such conversion and within the Valuation Period, the reference to 10 in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed to be replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Ex-Dividend Date of such Spin-Off to, and including, such Trading Day in determining the Conversion Rate as of such Trading Day of such Observation Period. If any dividend or distribution that constitutes a Spin-Off is declared but not so paid or made, the Conversion Rate shall be immediately decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to pay or make such dividend or distribution, to the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared or announced.

For purposes of this Section 14.04(c) (and subject in all respect to Section 14.11), rights, options or warrants distributed by the Company to all holders of the Common Stock entitling them to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Companys Capital Stock, including Common Stock (either initially or under certain circumstances), which rights, options or warrants, until the occurrence of a specified event or events (Trigger Event): (i) are deemed to be transferred with such shares of the Common Stock; (ii) are not exercisable; and (iii) are also issued in respect of future issuances of the Common Stock, shall be deemed not to have been distributed for purposes of this Section 14.04(c) (and no adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(c) will be required) until the occurrence of the earliest Trigger Event, whereupon such rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to have been distributed and an appropriate adjustment (if any is required) to the Conversion Rate shall be made under this Section 14.04(c). If any such right, option or warrant, including any such existing rights, options or warrants distributed prior to the date of this Indenture, are subject to events, upon the occurrence of which such rights, options or warrants become exercisable to purchase different securities, evidences of indebtedness or other assets, then the date of the occurrence of any and each such event shall be deemed to be the date of distribution and Ex-Dividend Date with respect to new rights, options or warrants with such rights (in which case the existing rights, options or warrants shall be deemed to terminate and expire on such date without exercise by any of the holders thereof). In addition, in the event of any distribution (or deemed distribution) of rights, options or warrants, or any Trigger Event or other event (of the type described in the immediately preceding sentence) with respect thereto that was counted for purposes of calculating a distribution amount for which an adjustment to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(c) was made, (1) in the case of any 

such rights, options or warrants that shall all have been redeemed or purchased without exercise by any holders thereof, upon such final redemption or purchase (x) the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options or warrants had not been issued and (y) the Conversion Rate shall then again be readjusted to give effect to such distribution, deemed distribution or Trigger Event, as the case may be, as though it were a cash distribution, equal to the per share redemption or purchase price received by a holder or holders of Common Stock with respect to such rights, options or warrants (assuming such holder had retained such rights, options or warrants), made to all holders of Common Stock as of the date of such redemption or purchase, and (2) in the case of such rights, options or warrants that shall have expired or been terminated without exercise by any holders thereof, the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted as if such rights, options and warrants had not been issued.

For purposes of Section 14.04(a), Section 14.04(b) and this Section 14.04(c), if any dividend or distribution to which this Section 14.04(c) is applicable also includes one or both of: 

(A) a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock to which Section 14.04(a) is applicable (the Clause A Distribution); or

(B) a dividend or distribution of rights, options or warrants to which Section 14.04(b) is applicable (the Clause B Distribution),

then, in either case, (1) such dividend or distribution, other than the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution, shall be deemed to be a dividend or distribution to which this Section 14.04(c) is applicable (the Clause C Distribution) and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by this Section 14.04(c) with respect to such Clause C Distribution shall then be made, and (2) the Clause A Distribution and Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to immediately follow the Clause C Distribution and any Conversion Rate adjustment required by Section 14.04(a) and Section 14.04(b) with respect thereto shall then be made, except that, if determined by the Company (I) the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause A Distribution and the Clause B Distribution shall be deemed to be the Ex-Dividend Date of the Clause C Distribution and (II) any shares of Common Stock included in the Clause A Distribution or Clause B Distribution shall be deemed not to be outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date or Effective Date within the meaning of Section 14.04(a) or outstanding immediately prior to the open of business on such Ex-Dividend Date within the meaning of Section 14.04(b).

(d)If the Company makes any cash dividend or distribution to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted based on the following formula:

CR' = CR0 

SP0

SP0 C

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

CR' = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution;

SP0 = the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution; and

C = the amount in cash per share the Company distributes to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock.

Any increase pursuant to this Section 14.04(d) shall become effective immediately after the open of business on the Ex-Dividend Date for such dividend or distribution. If such dividend or distribution is not so paid, the Conversion Rate shall be decreased, effective as of the date the Board of Directors determines not to make or pay such dividend or distribution, to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such dividend or distribution had not been declared. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if C (as defined above) is equal to or greater than SP0 (as defined above), in lieu of the foregoing increase, each Holder of a Note shall receive, for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes it holds, at the same time and upon the same terms as holders of shares of the Common Stock, the amount of cash that such Holder would have received if such Holder owned a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate on the Ex-Dividend Date for such cash dividend or distrbution. 

(e)If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries make a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for the Common Stock that is subject to the then applicable tender offer rules under the Exchange Act (other than any odd-lot tender offer), to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of the Common Stock exceeds the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, the Conversion Rate shall be increased based on the following formula:

where,

CR0 = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires;

CR' = the Conversion Rate in effect immediately after the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires;

AC = the aggregate value of all cash and any other consideration (as determined by the Company in good faith) paid or payable for shares of Common Stock purchased in such tender or exchange offer;

OS0 = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the date such tender or exchange offer expires (prior to giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer);

OS' = the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after the date such tender or exchange offer expires (after giving effect to the purchase of all shares of Common Stock accepted for purchase or exchange in such tender or exchange offer); and

SP' = the average of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock over the 10 consecutive Trading Day period commencing on, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires.

The increase to the Conversion Rate under this Section 14.04(e) shall occur at the close of business on the 10th Trading Day immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date such tender or exchange offer expires; provided that (x) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Physical Settlement is applicable, if the relevant Conversion Date occurs during the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of any tender or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10th in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the date that such tender or exchange offer expires to, and including, the Conversion Date in determining the Conversion Rate and (y) in respect of any conversion of Notes for which Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement is applicable, for any Trading Day that falls within the relevant Observation Period for such conversion and within the 10 Trading Days immediately following, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of any tender or exchange offer, references to 10 or 10th in the preceding paragraph shall be deemed replaced with such lesser number of Trading Days as have elapsed from, and including, the Trading Day next succeeding the expiration date of such tender or exchange offer to, and including, such Trading Day in determining the Conversion Rate as of such Trading Day of such Observation Period.

If the Company or one of its Subsidiaries is obligated to purchase shares of Common Stock pursuant to any such tender or exchange offer described in this Section 14.04(e) but the Company or such Subsidiary is permanently prevented by applicable law from effecting any such purchase or all such purchases are rescinded, the Conversion Rate shall be readjusted to be the Conversion Rate that would then be in effect if such tender or exchange offer had not been made or had been made only in respect of the purchases that have been made.

(f)Notwithstanding this Section 14.04 or any other provision of this Indenture or the Notes, if a Conversion Rate adjustment becomes effective on any Ex-Dividend Date, and a Holder that has converted its Notes on or after such Ex-Dividend Date and on or prior to the 

related Record Date would be treated as the record holder of the shares of Common Stock as of the related Conversion Date as described under Section 14.02(i) based on an adjusted Conversion Rate for such Ex-Dividend Date, then, notwithstanding the Conversion Rate adjustment provisions in this Section 14.04, the Conversion Rate adjustment relating to such Ex-Dividend Date shall not be made for such converting Holder. Instead, such Holder shall be treated as if such Holder were the record owner of the shares of Common Stock on an unadjusted basis and participate in the related dividend, distribution or other event giving rise to such adjustment.

(g)Except as stated herein, the Company shall not adjust the Conversion Rate for the issuance of shares of the Common Stock or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of the Common Stock or the right to purchase shares of the Common Stock or such convertible or exchangeable securities.

(h)In addition to those adjustments required by clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of this Section 14.04, and subject to applicable exchange listing rules, the Company from time to time may increase the Conversion Rate by any amount for a period of at least 20 Business Days if the Company determines that such increase would be in the Companys best interest. In addition, subject to applicable exchange listing rules, the Company may (but is not required to) increase the Conversion Rate to avoid or diminish any income tax to holders of Common Stock or rights to purchase shares of Common Stock in connection with a dividend or distribution of shares of Common Stock (or rights to acquire shares of Common Stock) or similar event.

(i)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 14, the Conversion Rate shall not be adjusted:

(i)upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock at a price below the Conversion Price or otherwise, other than any such issuance described in clause (a), (b) or (c) of this Section 14.04;

(ii)upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to any present or future plan providing for the reinvestment of dividends or interest payable on the Companys securities and the investment of additional optional amounts in shares of Common Stock under any plan;

(iii)upon the issuance of any shares of Common Stock or options or rights to purchase those shares pursuant to any present or future employee, director or consultant benefit or incentive plan or program (including pursuant to any evergreen plan) of or assumed by the Company or any of the Companys Subsidiaries;

(iv)upon the issuance of any shares of the Common Stock pursuant to any option, warrant, right or exercisable, exchangeable or convertible security not described in clause (iii) of this subsection and outstanding as of the date the Notes were first issued;

(v)for a third-party tender offer by any party other than a tender offer by one or more of the Companys Subsidiaries as described in clause (e) of this Section 14.04;

(vi)upon the repurchase of any shares of Common Stock pursuant to an open market share purchase program or other buy-back transaction, including structured or 

derivative transactions such as accelerated share repurchase transactions or similar forward derivatives, or other buy-back transaction, that is not a tender offer or exchange offer of the kind described under clause (e) of this Section 14.04;

(vii)solely for a change in the par value (or lack of par value) of the Common Stock; or

(viii)for accrued and unpaid interest, if any.

(j)All calculations and other determinations under this Article 14 shall be made by the Company and shall be made to the nearest one-ten thousandth (1/10,000th) of a share. 

(k)If an adjustment to the Conversion Rate otherwise required by this Section 14.04 would result in a change of less than 1% to the Conversion Rate, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, at its election, defer and carry forward such adjustment, except that all such deferred adjustments must be given effect immediately upon the earliest to occur of the following: (i) when all such deferred adjustments would result in an aggregate change of at least 1% to the Conversion Rate, (ii) on the Conversion Date for any Notes (in the case of Physical Settlement), (iii) on each Trading Day of any Observation Period related to any conversion of Notes (in the case of Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement), (iv) December 15, 2029, (v) on any date on which the Company delivers a Notice of Redemption and (vi) on the effective date of any Fundamental Change and/or Make-Whole Fundamental Change, in each case, unless the adjustment has already been made. The provisions described in the preceding sentence are referred to herein as the 1% Exception.

(l)Whenever the Conversion Rate is adjusted as herein provided, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee (and the Conversion Agent if not the Trustee) an Officers Certificate setting forth the Conversion Rate after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received such Officers Certificate, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any adjustment of the Conversion Rate and may assume without inquiry that the last Conversion Rate of which it has knowledge is still in effect. Promptly after delivery of such certificate, the Company shall prepare a notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate setting forth the adjusted Conversion Rate and the date on which each adjustment becomes effective and shall deliver such notice of such adjustment of the Conversion Rate to each Holder. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of any such adjustment.

For purposes of this Section 14.04, the number of shares of Common Stock at any time outstanding shall not include shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company so long as the Company does not pay any dividend or make any distribution on shares of Common Stock held in the treasury of the Company, but shall include shares of Common Stock issuable in respect of scrip certificates issued in lieu of fractions of shares of Common Stock.

Section 14.05. Adjustments of Prices. Whenever any provision of this Indenture requires the Company to calculate the Last Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values or the Daily Settlement Amounts over a span of multiple days (including, 

without limitation, an Observation Period and the period, if any, for determining the Stock Price for purposes of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change or a Notice of Redemption), the Company shall, in good faith, make appropriate adjustments (without duplication in respect of any adjustment made pursuant to Section 14.04) to each to account for any adjustment to the Conversion Rate that becomes effective, or any event requiring an adjustment to the Conversion Rate where the Ex-Dividend Date, Effective Date or expiration date, as the case may be, of the event occurs at any time during the period when the Last Reported Sale Prices, the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values or the Daily Settlement Amounts are to be calculated. 

Section 14.06. Shares to Be Fully Paid. The Company shall at all times reserve, free from preemptive rights, out of its authorized but unissued shares or shares held in treasury, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (a) the number of outstanding Notes and (b) the Conversion Rate (assuming the Conversion Rate has been increased by the maximum number of Additional Shares pursuant to Section 14.03), to provide for conversion of the Notes from time to time as such Notes are presented for conversion.

Section 14.07. Effect of Recapitalizations, Reclassifications and Changes of the Common Stock.

(a)In the case of:

(i)any recapitalization, reclassification or change of the Common Stock (other than a change to par value, or from par value to no par value, or changes resulting from a subdivision or combination), 

(ii)any consolidation, merger, combination or similar transaction involving the Company, 

(iii)any sale, lease or other transfer to a third party of the consolidated assets of the Company and the Companys Subsidiaries substantially as an entirety or 

(iv)any statutory share exchange, 

in each case, as a result of which the Common Stock would be converted into, or exchanged for, stock, other securities, other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) (any such event, a Share Exchange Event), then, at and after the effective time of such Share Exchange Event, the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be changed into a right to convert such principal amount of Notes into the kind and amount of shares of stock, other securities or other property or assets (including cash or any combination thereof) that a holder of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Conversion Rate immediately prior to such Share Exchange Event would have owned or been entitled to receive (the Reference Property, with each unit of Reference Property meaning the kind and amount of Reference Property that a holder of one share of Common Stock is entitled to receive) upon such Share Exchange Event and, prior to or at the effective time of such Share Exchange Event, the Company or the successor or acquiring Person, as the case may be, shall execute with the Trustee a supplemental indenture permitted under Section 10.01(g) providing for such change in the right to convert each $1,000 principal amount of Notes; 

provided, however, that at and after the effective time of the Share Exchange Event (A) the Company or the successor or acquiring Person, as the case may be, shall continue to have the right to determine the form of consideration to be paid or delivered, as the case may be, upon conversion of Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 and (B) (I) any amount payable in cash upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 shall continue to be payable in cash, (II) any shares of Common Stock that the Company would have been required to deliver upon conversion of the Notes in accordance with Section 14.02 shall instead be deliverable in the amount and type of Reference Property that a holder of that number of shares of Common Stock would have received in such Share Exchange Event and (III) the Daily VWAP shall be calculated based on the value of a unit of Reference Property that a holder of one share of Common Stock would have received in such Share Exchange Event.

If the Share Exchange Event causes the Common Stock to be converted into, or exchanged for, the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), then (i) the Reference Property into which the Notes will be convertible shall be deemed to be the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration actually received by the holders of Common Stock, and (ii) the unit of Reference Property for purposes of the immediately preceding paragraph shall refer to the consideration referred to in clause (i) attributable to one share of Common Stock. If the holders of the Common Stock receive only cash in such Share Exchange Event, then for all conversions for which the relevant Conversion Date occurs after the effective date of such Share Exchange Event (A) the consideration due upon conversion of each $1,000 principal amount of Notes shall be solely cash in an amount equal to the Conversion Rate in effect on the Conversion Date (as may be increased by any Additional Shares pursuant to Section 14.03), multiplied by the price paid per share of Common Stock in such Share Exchange Event and (B) the Company shall satisfy the Conversion Obligation by paying cash to converting Holders on the fifth Business Day immediately following the relevant Conversion Date. The Company shall notify Holders, the Trustee and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) in writing of such weighted average as soon as practicable after such determination is made.

If the Reference Property in respect of any such Share Exchange Event includes, in whole or in part, shares of Common Equity or American depositary receipts (or other interests) in respect thereof, such supplemental indenture described in the second immediately preceding paragraph shall provide for anti-dilution and other adjustments that shall be as nearly equivalent as is possible to the adjustments provided for in this Article 14 with respect to the portion of the Reference Property consisting of such Common Equity or American depositary receipts (or other interests) in respect thereof. If, in the case of any Share Exchange Event, the Reference Property includes shares of stock, securities or other property or assets (including any combination thereof), other than cash and/or cash equivalents, of a Person other than the Company or the successor or acquiring Person, as the case may be, in such Share Exchange Event, then such supplemental indenture shall also be executed by such other Person, if such Person is an Affiliate of the Company or the successor or acquiring Person, and shall contain such additional provisions to protect the interests of the Holders as the Company shall in good faith reasonably 

consider necessary by reason of the foregoing, including the provisions providing for the purchase rights set forth in Article 15.

(b)When the Company executes a supplemental indenture pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 14.07, the Company shall promptly file with the Trustee an Officers Certificate briefly stating the reasons therefor, the kind or amount of cash, securities or property or asset that will comprise a unit of Reference Property after any such Share Exchange Event, any adjustment to be made with respect thereto and that all conditions precedent have been complied with, and shall promptly deliver or cause to be delivered notice thereof to all Holders. The Company shall cause notice of the execution of such supplemental indenture to be delivered to each Holder within 20 days after execution thereof. Failure to deliver such notice shall not affect the legality or validity of such supplemental indenture.

(c)The Company shall not become a party to any Share Exchange Event unless its terms are consistent with this Section 14.07. None of the foregoing provisions shall affect the right of a Holder of Notes to convert its Notes into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, as set forth in Section 14.01 and Section 14.02 prior to the effective date of such Share Exchange Event.

(d)The above provisions of this Section shall similarly apply to successive Share Exchange Events.

Section 14.08. Certain Covenants. (a) The Company covenants that all shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of Notes will be fully paid and non-assessable by the Company and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof.

(b)The Company covenants that, if any shares of Common Stock to be provided for the purpose of conversion of Notes hereunder require registration with or approval of any governmental authority under any federal or state law before such shares of Common Stock may be validly issued upon conversion, the Company will, to the extent then permitted by the rules and interpretations of the Commission, secure such registration or approval, as the case may be.

(c)The Company further covenants that if at any time the Common Stock shall be listed on any national securities exchange or automated quotation system the Company will list and keep listed, so long as the Common Stock shall be so listed on such exchange or automated quotation system, any Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes.

Section 14.09. Responsibility of Trustee. The Trustee and any other Conversion Agent shall not at any time be under any duty or responsibility to any Holder to determine the Conversion Rate (or any adjustment thereto) or whether any facts exist that may require any adjustment (including any increase) of the Conversion Rate, or with respect to the nature or extent or calculation of any such adjustment when made, or with respect to the method employed, or herein or in any supplemental indenture provided to be employed, in making the same. The Trustee and any other Conversion Agent shall not be accountable with respect to the validity or value (or the kind or amount) of any shares of Common Stock, or of any securities, property or cash that may at any time be issued or delivered upon the conversion of any Note; 

and the Trustee and any other Conversion Agent make no representations with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be responsible for any failure of the Company to issue, transfer or deliver any shares of Common Stock or stock certificates or other securities or property or cash upon the surrender of any Note for the purpose of conversion or to comply with any of the duties, responsibilities or covenants of the Company contained in this Article. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither the Trustee nor any Conversion Agent shall be under any responsibility to determine the correctness of any provisions contained in any supplemental indenture entered into pursuant to Section 14.07 relating either to the kind or amount of shares of stock or securities or property (including cash) receivable by Holders upon the conversion of their Notes after any event referred to in such Section 14.07 or to any adjustment to be made with respect thereto, but, subject to the provisions of Section 7.01, may accept (without any independent investigation) as conclusive evidence of the correctness of any such provisions, and shall be protected in relying upon, the Officers Certificate (which the Company shall be obligated to file with the Trustee prior to the execution of any such supplemental indenture) with respect thereto. Neither the Trustee nor the Conversion Agent shall be responsible for determining whether any event contemplated by Section 14.01(b) has occurred that makes the Notes eligible for conversion or no longer eligible therefor until the Company has delivered to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent the notices referred to in Section 14.01(b) with respect to the commencement or termination of such conversion rights, on which notices the Trustee and the Conversion Agent may conclusively rely, and the Company agrees to deliver such notices to the Trustee and the Conversion Agent immediately after the occurrence of any such event or at such other times as shall be provided for in Section 14.01(b).

Section 14.10. [Intentionally Omitted]. 

Section 14.11. Stockholder Rights Plans. If the Company has a stockholder rights plan in effect upon conversion of the Notes, each share of Common Stock, if any, issued upon such conversion shall be entitled to receive the appropriate number of rights, if any, and the certificates representing the Common Stock issued upon such conversion shall bear such legends, if any, in each case as may be provided by the terms of any such stockholder rights plan, as the same may be amended from time to time. However, if, prior to any conversion of Notes, the rights have separated from the shares of Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the applicable stockholder rights plan, the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted at the time of separation as if the Company distributed to all or substantially all holders of the Common Stock Distributed Property as provided in Section 14.04(c), subject to readjustment in the event of the expiration, termination or redemption of such rights.

Section 14.12. Exchange in Lieu of Conversion. 

(a)When a Holder surrenders its Notes for conversion, the Company may, at its election (an Exchange Election), direct the Conversion Agent to deliver, on or prior to the Trading Day immediately following the Conversion Date, such Notes to one or more financial institutions designated by the Company (each, a Designated Financial Institution) for exchange in lieu of conversion. In order to accept any Notes surrendered for conversion, the Designated Financial Institution(s) must agree to timely pay and/or deliver, as the case may be, 

in exchange for such Notes, the cash, shares of Common Stock or combination thereof that would otherwise be due upon conversion pursuant to Section 14.02 or such other amount agreed to by the Holder and the Designated Financial Institution(s) (the Conversion Consideration). If the Company makes an Exchange Election, the Company shall, by the close of business on the Trading Day following the relevant Conversion Date, notify in writing the Trustee, the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee) and the Holder surrendering its Notes for conversion that the Company has made the Exchange Election, and the Company shall promptly notify the Designated Financial Institution(s) of the relevant deadline for delivery of the Conversion Consideration and the type of Conversion Consideration to be paid and/or delivered, as the case may be.

(b)Any Notes delivered to the Designated Financial Institution(s) shall remain outstanding, subject to the applicable procedures of the Depositary. If the Designated Financial Institution(s) agree(s) to accept any Notes for exchange but does not timely pay and/or deliver, as the case may be, the related Conversion Consideration, or if such Designated Financial Institution(s) does not accept the Notes for exchange, the Company shall pay and/or deliver, as the case may be, the relevant Conversion Consideration, as, and at the time, required pursuant to this Indenture as if the Company had not made the Exchange Election.

(c)The Companys designation of any Designated Financial Institution(s) to which the Notes may be submitted for exchange does not require such Designated Financial Institution(s) to accept any Notes.

ARTICLE 15

Repurchase of Notes at Option of Holders

Section 15.01. [Intentionally Omitted].

Section 15.02. Repurchase at Option of Holders Upon a Fundamental Change.

(a)Subject to Section 15.02(f), if a Fundamental Change occurs at any time, each Holder shall have the right, at such Holders option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holders Notes, or any portion of the principal amount thereof properly surrendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to Section 15.03 that is equal to $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000, on the date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) specified by the Company that is not less than 20 Business Days or more than 35 Business Days following the date of the Fundamental Change Company Notice at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price), unless the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date falls after a Special Interest Record Date but on or prior to the Special Interest Payment Date to which such Special Interest Record Date relates, in which case the Company shall instead pay the full amount of accrued and unpaid interest to Holders of record as of the close of business on such Special Interest Record Date on, or at the Companys election, before such Special Interest Payment Date, and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price shall be equal to 100% of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased pursuant to this Article 15. 

(b)Repurchases of Notes under this Section 15.02 shall be made, at the option of the Holder thereof, upon:

(i)delivery to the Paying Agent by a Holder of a duly completed notice (the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice) in the form set forth in Attachment 2 to the Form of Note attached hereto as Exhibit A, if the Notes are Physical Notes, or in compliance with the Depositarys applicable procedures for surrendering interests in Global Notes, if the Notes are Global Notes, in each case, on or before the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date; and

(ii)delivery of the Notes, if the Notes are Physical Notes, to the Paying Agent at any time after delivery of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice (together with all necessary endorsements for transfer) at the Corporate Trust Office of the Paying Agent, or book-entry transfer of the Notes, if the Notes are Global Notes, in compliance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary, in each case, such delivery or transfer being a condition to receipt by the Holder of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price therefor.

The Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in respect of any Physical Notes to be repurchased shall state:

(i)the certificate numbers of the Notes to be delivered for repurchase;

(ii)the portion of the principal amount of Notes to be repurchased, which must be $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof; and

(iii)that the Notes are to be repurchased by the Company pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Notes and this Indenture.

If the Notes are Global Notes, to exercise the Fundamental Change repurchase right, Holders must surrender their Notes in accordance with applicable Depositary procedures.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Holder delivering to the Paying Agent the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice contemplated by this Section 15.02 shall have the right to withdraw, in whole or in part, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date by delivery of a written notice of withdrawal to the Paying Agent in accordance with Section 15.03.

The Paying Agent shall promptly notify the Company of the receipt by it of any Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice or written notice of withdrawal thereof.

(c)On or before the 20th Business Day after the occurrence of the effective date of a Fundamental Change, the Company shall provide to all Holders and the Trustee and the Paying Agent (in the case of a Paying Agent other than the Trustee) a notice (the Fundamental Change Company Notice) of the occurrence of the effective date of the Fundamental Change and of the resulting repurchase right at the option of the Holders arising as a result thereof. In 

the case of Physical Notes, such notice shall be delivered by first class mail or, in the case of Global Notes, such notice shall be delivered in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. Simultaneously with providing such notice, the Company shall publish such information on the Companys website or through such other public medium as the Company may use at that time. Each Fundamental Change Company Notice shall specify:

(i)the events causing the Fundamental Change;

(ii)the effective date of the Fundamental Change;

(iii)the last date on which a Holder may exercise the repurchase right pursuant to this Article 15;

(iv)the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price;

(v)the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date;

(vi)the name and address of the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent, if applicable;

(vii)if applicable, the Conversion Rate and any adjustments to the Conversion Rate as a result of the Fundamental Change (or related Make-Whole Fundamental Change);

(viii)that the Notes with respect to which a Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice has been delivered by a Holder may be converted only if the Holder withdraws the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice in accordance with the terms of this Indenture; and

(ix)the procedures that Holders must follow to require the Company to repurchase their Notes.

No failure of the Company to give the foregoing notices and no defect therein shall limit the Holders repurchase rights or affect the validity of the proceedings for the repurchase of the Notes pursuant to this Section 15.02. 

At the Companys written request given at least two (2) Business Days before such notice is to be sent (or such shorter period as shall be acceptable to the Trustee), the Trustee shall give such notice in the Companys name and at the Companys expense; provided, however, that, in all cases, the text of such Fundamental Change Company Notice shall be prepared by the Company.

(d)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 15, the Company shall not be required to repurchase, or to make an offer to repurchase, the Notes upon a Fundamental Change if a third party makes such an offer in the same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth in this Article 15 and such third party purchases all Notes properly surrendered and not validly withdrawn under its offer in the same manner, at the same time and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company as set forth above.

(e)Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Notes may be repurchased by the Company on any date at the option of the Holders upon a Fundamental Change if the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to such date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes). The Paying Agent will promptly return to the respective Holders thereof any Physical Notes held by it during the acceleration of the Notes (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price with respect to such Notes), or any instructions for book-entry transfer of the Notes in compliance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary shall be deemed to have been cancelled, and, upon such return or cancellation, as the case may be, the Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice with respect thereto shall be deemed to have been withdrawn.

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 15.02, the Company shall not be required to send a Fundamental Change Company Notice, or offer to repurchase or repurchase any Notes, as set forth in this Article 15, in connection with a Fundamental Change occurring pursuant to clause (b)(A) or (B) of the definition thereof, if: (i) such Fundamental Change constitutes a Share Exchange Event whose Reference Property consists entirely of cash in U.S. dollars; (ii) immediately after such Fundamental Change, the Notes become convertible (pursuant to Section 14.07 and, if applicable, Section 14.03) into consideration that consists solely of U.S. dollars in an amount per $1,000 principal amount of Notes that equals or exceeds the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (calculated assuming that the same includes the maximum amount of any accrued but unpaid interest payable as part of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price for such Fundamental Change); and (iii) the Company timely sends the notice relating to such Fundamental Change required pursuant to Section 14.01(b)(iii). Any Fundamental Change with respect to which, in accordance with the provisions described in this Section 15.02(f), the Company does not offer to repurchase any Notes is referred to as herein as an Exempted Fundamental Change.

Section 15.03. Withdrawal of Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice. (a) A Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice may be withdrawn (in whole or in part) in respect of Physical Notes by means of a written notice of withdrawal delivered to the Corporate Trust Office of the Paying Agent in accordance with this Section 15.03 at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, specifying:

(i)the principal amount of the Notes with respect to which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, which must be $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof,

(ii)the certificate number of the Note in respect of which such notice of withdrawal is being submitted, and

(iii)the principal amount, if any, of such Note that remains subject to the original Fundamental Change Repurchase Notice, which portion must be in principal amounts of $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000;

If the Notes are Global Notes, Holders must withdraw their Notes subject to repurchase at any time prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date in accordance with applicable procedures of the Depositary.

Section 15.04. Deposit of Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. (a) The Company will deposit with the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company, or if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, set aside, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 4.04) on or prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date an amount of money sufficient to repurchase all of the Notes to be repurchased at the appropriate Fundamental Change Repurchase Price. Subject to receipt of funds and/or Notes by the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company), payment for Notes surrendered for repurchase (and not validly withdrawn prior to the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date) will be made on the later of (i) the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date (provided the Holder has satisfied the conditions in Section 15.02) and (ii) the time of book-entry transfer or the delivery of such Note to the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company) by the Holder thereof in the manner required by Section 15.02 by mailing checks for the amount payable to the Holders of such Notes entitled thereto as they shall appear in the Note Register; provided, however, that payments to the Depositary shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account of the Depositary or its nominee. The Trustee shall, promptly after such payment and upon written demand by the Company, return to the Company any funds in excess of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price.

(b)If by 11:00 a.m. New York City time, on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Trustee (or other Paying Agent appointed by the Company) holds money sufficient to pay the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price (and, to the extent not included in the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, accrued and unpaid interest, if applicable) of the Notes to be repurchased on such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, then, with respect to the Notes that have been properly surrendered for repurchase and have not been validly withdrawn, (i) such Notes will cease to be outstanding, (ii) interest, if any, will cease to accrue on such Notes (whether or not book-entry transfer of the Notes has been made or whether or not the Notes have been delivered to the Trustee or Paying Agent) and (iii) all other rights of the Holders of such Notes will terminate (other than the right to receive the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price and, to the extent not included in the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, accrued and unpaid Special Interest, if applicable).

(c)Upon surrender of a Note that is to be repurchased in part pursuant to Section 15.02, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder a new Note in an authorized denomination equal in principal amount to the unrepurchased portion of the Note surrendered.

Section 15.05. Covenant to Comply with Applicable Laws Upon Repurchase of Notes. In connection with any repurchase offer upon a Fundamental Change pursuant to this Article 15, the Company will, if required:

(a)comply with the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act that may then be applicable;

(b)file a Schedule TO or any other required schedule under the Exchange Act; and

(c)otherwise comply in all material respects with all federal and state securities laws in connection with any offer by the Company to repurchase the Notes;

in each case, so as to permit the rights and obligations under this Article 15 to be exercised in the time and in the manner specified in this Article 15.

To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations enacted or adopted after the date of this Indenture conflict with the provisions of this Indenture relating to the Companys obligations to repurchase the Notes upon a Fundamental Change, the Company shall comply with such securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under such provisions of this Indenture by virtue of such conflict.

ARTICLE 16

Optional Redemption

Section 16.01. Optional Redemption. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes. The Notes shall not be redeemable by the Company prior to March 20, 2028. On or after March 20, 2028, the Company may redeem (an Optional Redemption) for cash all or any portion of the Notes (subject to the Partial Redemption Limitation), at the Redemption Price, if the Last Reported Sale Price of the Common Stock has been at least 130% of the Conversion Price then in effect for at least 20 Trading Days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive Trading Day period (including the last Trading Day of such period) ending on, and including, the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides the Notice of Redemption in accordance with Section 16.02.

Section 16.02. Notice of Optional Redemption; Selection of Notes. 

(a)In case the Company exercises its Optional Redemption right to redeem all or, as the case may be, any part of the Notes pursuant to Section 16.01, it shall fix a date for redemption (each, a Redemption Date) and it or, at its written request received by the Trustee not less than five Business Days prior to the date such Notice of Redemption is to be sent (or such shorter period of time as may be acceptable to the Trustee), the Trustee, in the name of and at the expense of the Company, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a written notice of such Optional Redemption (a Notice of Redemption) not less than 45 nor more than 65 Scheduled Trading Days prior to the Redemption Date to each Holder; provided, however, that, if the Company shall give such notice, it shall also give written notice of the Redemption Date to the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee) and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee); providedfurther that if, in accordance with the provisions described in Section 14.02(a)(iii), the Company elects through delivery of a Settlement Notice to settle all conversions of Called Notes with a Conversion Date that occurs during the related Redemption Period by Physical Settlement, then the Company may instead elect to choose a Redemption Date that is a Business Day not less than 15 calendar days nor more than 65 Scheduled Trading Days after the 

date the Company sends such Notice of Redemption to each Holder. The Redemption Date must be a Business Day, and the Company may not specify a Redemption Date that falls on or after the 41st Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date.

(b)The Notice of Redemption, if delivered in the manner herein provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to give such Notice of Redemption or any defect in the Notice of Redemption to the Holder of any Note designated for redemption as a whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Note.

(c)Each Notice of Redemption shall specify:

(i)the Redemption Date;

(ii)the Redemption Price;

(iii) that on the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon each Note to be redeemed, and that interest thereon, if any, shall cease to accrue on and after payment of the Redemption Price in full on the Redemption Date; 

(iv) the place or places where such Notes are to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price;

(v)that Holders of Called Notes may surrender such Notes for conversion at any time during the related Redemption Period;

(vi) the procedures a converting Holder must follow to convert its Called Notes and the Settlement Method and Specified Dollar Amount, if applicable; 

(vii)the Conversion Rate and, if applicable, the number of Additional Shares added to the Conversion Rate in accordance with Section 14.03; 

(viii)the CUSIP, ISIN or other similar numbers, if any, assigned to such Notes; and

(ix) in case any Note is to be redeemed in part only, the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed and on and after the Redemption Date, upon surrender of such Note, a new Note in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof shall be issued.

A Notice of Redemption shall be irrevocable.

(d)If the Company elects to redeem fewer than all of the outstanding Notes, at least $100,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Notes must be outstanding and not subject to Optional Redemption as of, and after giving effect to, delivery of the relevant Notice of Redemption (such requirement, the Partial Redemption Limitation). If fewer than all of the outstanding Notes are to be redeemed and the Notes to be redeemed are Global Notes, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the Depositary in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary. If fewer than all of the outstanding Notes are to be redeemed and the Notes to be redeemed are not Global Notes, the Trustee shall select the Notes or portions thereof to be 

redeemed (in principal amounts of $1,000 or multiples thereof) by lot, on a pro rata basis or by another method the Trustee considers to be fair and appropriate. If any Note selected for partial redemption is submitted for conversion in part after such selection, the portion of the Note submitted for conversion shall be deemed (so far as may be possible) to be the portion selected for redemption, subject, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, to the Depositarys applicable procedures.

Section 16.03. Payment of Notes Called for Redemption.

(a)If any Notice of Redemption has been given in respect of all or any part of the Notes in accordance with Section 16.02, the Notes so subject to redemption shall become due and payable on the Redemption Date at the place or places stated in the Notice of Redemption and at the applicable Redemption Price. On presentation and surrender of the Notes to be redeemed at the place or places stated in the Notice of Redemption, such Notes shall be paid and redeemed by the Company at the applicable Redemption Price. Upon surrender of a Note that is to be redeemed in part pursuant to Section 16.01, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder a new Note in an authorized denomination equal in principal amount to the unredeemed portion of the Note surrendered.

(b)Prior to 11:00 a.m. New York City time on the Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit with the Paying Agent or, if the Company or a Subsidiary of the Company is acting as the Paying Agent, shall segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 7.05, an amount of cash (in immediately available funds if deposited on the Redemption Date), sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of all of the Notes to be redeemed on such Redemption Date. Subject to receipt of funds by the Paying Agent, payment for the Notes to be redeemed shall be made on the Redemption Date for such Notes. The Paying Agent shall, promptly after such payment and upon written demand by the Company, return to the Company any funds in excess of the Redemption Price.

Section 16.04. Restrictions on Redemption. The Company may not redeem any Notes on any date if the principal amount of the Notes has been accelerated in accordance with the terms of this Indenture, and such acceleration has not been rescinded, on or prior to the Redemption Date (except in the case of an acceleration resulting from a Default by the Company in the payment of the Redemption Price with respect to such Notes).

ARTICLE 17

Miscellaneous Provisions

Section 17.01. Provisions Binding on Companys Successors. All the covenants, stipulations, promises and agreements of the Company contained in this Indenture shall bind its successors and assigns whether so expressed or not.

Section 17.02. Official Acts by Successor Entity. Any act or proceeding by any provision of this Indenture authorized or required to be done or performed by any board, committee or Officer of the Company shall and may be done and performed with like force and effect by the 

like board, committee or officer of any corporation or other entity that shall at the time be the lawful sole successor of the Company.

Section 17.03. Addresses for Notices, Etc. Any notice or demand that by any provision of this Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Holders on the Company shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes if given or served by overnight courier or by being deposited postage prepaid by registered or certified mail in a post office letter box addressed (until another address is filed by the Company with the Trustee) to Unity Software Inc., 116 New Montgomery St. San Francisco, CA 94105, Attention: General Counsel. Any notice, direction, request or demand hereunder to or upon the Trustee shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes, if given or served by being deposited postage prepaid by registered or certified mail in a post office letter box addressed to the Corporate Trust Office or sent electronically in PDF format to an email address specified by the Trustee.

The Trustee, by notice to the Company, may designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or communications.

Any notice or communication delivered or to be delivered to a Holder of Physical Notes shall be mailed to it by first class mail, postage prepaid, at its address as it appears on the Note Register and shall be sufficiently given to it if so mailed within the time prescribed. Any notice or communication delivered or to be delivered to a Holder of Global Notes shall be delivered in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary and shall be sufficiently given to it if so delivered within the time prescribed. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or any Note, where this Indenture or any Note provides for notice of any event (including any Notice of Redemption or any Fundamental Change Company Notice) to a Holder of a Global Note (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary (or its designee) pursuant to the standing instructions from the Depositary or its designee, including by electronic mail in accordance with the Depositarys applicable procedures.

Failure to mail or deliver a notice or communication to a Holder or any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Holders. If a notice or communication is mailed or delivered, as the case may be, in the manner provided above, it is duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.

In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice to Holders by mail, then such notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder.

Section 17.04. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. THIS INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS INDENTURE AND EACH NOTE, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

The Company irrevocably consents and agrees, for the benefit of the Holders from time to time of the Notes and the Trustee, that any legal action, suit or proceeding against it with respect to obligations, liabilities or any other matter arising out of or in connection with this Indenture or the Notes may be brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and, until amounts due and to become due in respect of the Notes have been paid, hereby irrevocably consents and submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of each such court in personam, generally and unconditionally with respect to any action, suit or proceeding for itself in respect of its properties, assets and revenues. 

The Company irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any of the aforesaid actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Indenture brought in the courts of the State of New York or the courts of the United States located in the Borough of Manhattan, New York City, New York and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

Section 17.05. Evidence of Compliance with Conditions Precedent; Certificates and Opinions of Counsel to Trustee. Upon any application or demand by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under any of the provisions of this Indenture, the Company shall, if requested by the Trustee, furnish to the Trustee an Officers Certificate stating that such action is permitted by the terms of this Indenture.

Each Officers Certificate and Opinion of Counsel provided for, by or on behalf of the Company in this Indenture and delivered to the Trustee with respect to compliance with this Indenture (other than the Officers Certificates provided for in Section 4.08, Section 7.02(h) and Section 8.04) shall include (a) a statement that the person signing such certificate is familiar with the requested action and this Indenture; (b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statement contained in such certificate is based; (c) a statement that, in the judgment of such person, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to express an informed judgment as to whether or not such action is permitted by this Indenture; and (d) a statement as to whether or not, in the judgment of such person, such action is permitted by this Indenture and that all conditions precedent to such action have been complied with; provided that no Opinion of Counsel shall be required to be delivered in connection with (1) the original issuance of Notes on the date hereof under this Indenture, (2) the mandatory exchange of the restricted CUSIP of the Restricted Securities to an unrestricted CUSIP pursuant to the applicable procedures of the Depositary upon the Notes becoming freely tradable by non-Affiliates of the Company under Rule 144, or (3) a request by the Company that the Trustee deliver a notice to Holders under this Indenture where the Trustee receives an Officers Certificate with respect to such notice. With respect to matters of fact, an Opinion of Counsel may rely on an Officers Certificate or certificates of public officials.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 17.05, if any provision in this Indenture specifically provides that the Trustee shall or may receive an Opinion of Counsel in connection with any action to be taken by the Trustee or the Company hereunder, the Trustee shall be entitled to, or entitled to request, such Opinion of Counsel.

Section 17.06. Legal Holidays. In any case where any Special Interest Payment Date, any Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, any Redemption Date or the Maturity Date is not a Business Day or is a day on which financial institutions located in the state in which the Corporate Trust Office is located are authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed, then any action to be taken on such date need not be taken on such date, but may be taken on the next succeeding Business Day that is not a day on which financial institutions located in the state in which the Corporate Trust Office is located are authorized or required by law or executive order to close or be closed with the same force and effect as if taken on such date, and no interest shall accrue in respect of the delay.

Section 17.07. No Security Interest Created. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall be construed to constitute a security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code or similar legislation, as now or hereafter enacted and in effect, in any jurisdiction.

Section 17.08. Benefits of Indenture. Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the Holders, the parties hereto, any Paying Agent, any Conversion Agent, any authenticating agent, any Note Registrar and their successors hereunder, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.

Section 17.09. Table of Contents, Headings, Etc. The table of contents and the titles and headings of the articles and sections of this Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part hereof, and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.

Section 17.10. Authenticating Agent. The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent that shall be authorized to act on its behalf and subject to its direction in the authentication and delivery of Notes in connection with the original issuance thereof and transfers and exchanges of Notes hereunder, including under Section 2.04, Section 2.05, Section 2.06, Section 2.07, Section 10.04 and Section 15.04 as fully to all intents and purposes as though the authenticating agent had been expressly authorized by this Indenture and those Sections to authenticate and deliver Notes. For all purposes of this Indenture, the authentication and delivery of Notes by the authenticating agent shall be deemed to be authentication and delivery of such Notes by the Trustee and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by an authenticating agent shall be deemed to satisfy any requirement hereunder or in the Notes for the Trustees certificate of authentication. Such authenticating agent shall at all times be a Person eligible to serve as trustee hereunder pursuant to Section 7.08.

Any corporation or other entity into which any authenticating agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or other entity resulting from 

any merger, consolidation or conversion to which any authenticating agent shall be a party, or any corporation or other entity succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of any authenticating agent, shall be the successor of the authenticating agent hereunder, if such successor corporation or other entity is otherwise eligible under this Section 17.10, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of the parties hereto or the authenticating agent or such successor corporation or other entity.

Any authenticating agent may at any time resign by giving written notice of resignation to the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of any authenticating agent by giving written notice of termination to such authenticating agent and to the Company. Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time any authenticating agent shall cease to be eligible under this Section, the Trustee may appoint a successor authenticating agent (which may be the Trustee), shall give written notice of such appointment to the Company and shall deliver notice of such appointment to all Holders. 

The Company agrees to pay to the authenticating agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its services although the Company may terminate the authenticating agent, if it determines such agents fees to be unreasonable.

The provisions of Section 7.02, Section 7.03, Section 7.04, Section 8.03 and this Section 17.10 shall be applicable to any authenticating agent.

If an authenticating agent is appointed pursuant to this Section 17.10, the Notes may have endorsed thereon, in addition to the Trustees certificate of authentication, an alternative certificate of authentication in the following form:

, 

as Authenticating Agent, certifies that this is one of the Notes described

in the within-named Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Officer 

Section 17.11. Execution in Counterparts. This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile, PDF or other electronic transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto transmitted by facsimile, PDF or other electronic transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Indenture as to the other parties hereto shall be deemed to be their original signatures for all purposes.

Section 17.12. Severability. In the event any provision of this Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, then (to the extent permitted by law) the validity, 

legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired.

Section 17.13. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 17.14. Force Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, pandemics, epidemics, quarantine restrictions, recognized public emergencies, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts that are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.

Section 17.15. Calculations. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Company shall be responsible for making all calculations called for under this Indenture and the Notes. These calculations include, but are not limited to, determinations of the Last Reported Sale Prices of the Common Stock, the trading price of the Notes (for purposes of determining whether the Notes are convertible as described herein), the Daily VWAPs, the Daily Conversion Values, the Daily Settlement Amounts, accrued interest, if any, payable on the Notes and the Conversion Rate of the Notes. The Company shall make all these calculations in good faith and, absent manifest error, the Companys calculations shall be final and binding on Holders of Notes. The Company shall provide a schedule of its calculations to each of the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other than the Trustee) and the Conversion Agent (if other than the Trustee), and each of the Trustee, the Paying Agent and the Conversion Agent is entitled to rely conclusively upon the accuracy of the Companys calculations without independent verification. The Trustee will forward the Companys calculations to any Holder of Notes upon the request of that Holder at the sole cost and expense of the Company.

Section 17.16. USA PATRIOT Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act.

Section 17.17. Electronic Signatures. All notices, approvals, consents, requests and any communications hereunder must be in writing (provided that any communication sent to the Trustee hereunder must be in the form of a document that is signed manually or by way of a 

digital signature provided by DocuSign (or such other digital signature provider as specified in writing to Trustee by the authorized representative), in English). The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of using digital signatures and electronic methods to submit communications to Trustee, including without limitation the risk of Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk of interception and misuse by third parties.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above.

UNITY SOFTWARE INC.

By: /s/ Jarrod Yahes

Name: Jarrod Yahes

Title: Chief Financial Officer

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee

By: /s/ James W. Hall

Name: James W. Hall

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Indenture]

EXHIBIT A

[FORM OF FACE OF NOTE]

[INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A GLOBAL NOTE]

[UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (DTC), TO THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT HEREUNDER IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.]

[INCLUDE FOLLOWING LEGEND IF A RESTRICTED SECURITY]

[THIS SECURITY AND THE COMMON STOCK, IF ANY, ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER:

(1) REPRESENTS THAT IT AND ANY ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THAT IT EXERCISES SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH ACCOUNT, AND

(2) AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF UNITY SOFTWARE INC. (THE COMPANY) THAT IT WILL NOT OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN PRIOR TO THE DATE THAT IS THE LATER OF (X) ONE YEAR AFTER THE LAST ORIGINAL ISSUE DATE HEREOF OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD OF TIME AS PERMITTED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION THERETO AND (Y) SUCH LATER DATE, IF ANY, AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT:

(A) TO THE COMPANY OR ANY SUBSIDIARY THEREOF, OR

(B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BECOME EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR

(C) TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES TO BE A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR 

(D) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) OR ANY OTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 

PRIOR TO THE REGISTRATION OF ANY TRANSFER IN ACCORDANCE WITH CLAUSE (2)(D) ABOVE, THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT THE PROPOSED TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF ANY EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT.]

Unity Software Inc.

0% Convertible Senior Note due 2030

No. [_____] [Initially]1 $[_____________]

CUSIP No. [______]2

Unity Software Inc., a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Company, which term includes any successor corporation or other entity under the Indenture referred to on the reverse hereof), for value received hereby promises to pay to [CEDE & CO.]3 [_______]4, or registered assigns, the principal sum [as set forth in the Schedule of Exchanges of Notes attached hereto]5 [of $[_______]]6, which amount, taken together with the principal amounts of all other outstanding Notes, shall not, unless permitted by the Indenture, exceed $690,000,000, in accordance with the rules and applicable procedures of the Depositary, on March 15, 2030, and Special Interest, if any, thereon as set forth below.

This Note shall not bear regular interest, and the principal amount shall not accrete. Any Special Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each March 15 and September 15, commencing on September 15, 2025 (if any Special Interest is then payable), to Holders of record at the close of business on the preceding March 1 and September 1 (whether or not such day is a Business Day), respectively. Any Special Interest will be payable as set forth in Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) and Section 6.03 of the within-mentioned Indenture, and any reference to interest on, or in respect of, any Note therein shall be deemed to refer solely to Special Interest (if, in such context, Special Interest is, was or would be payable pursuant to any of such Section 4.06(d), Section 4.06(e) or Section 6.03) and/or any interest on any Defaulted Amounts payable as set forth in Section 2.03(c) in the within-mentioned Indenture.

Any Defaulted Amounts shall not accrue interest unless Special Interest was payable on the required payment date, in which case such Defaulted Amounts shall accrue interest per annum at the then-applicable Special Interest rate borne by the Notes, subject to the enforceability thereof under applicable law, from, and including, such required payment date to, but excluding, the date on which such Defaulted Amounts shall have been paid by the Company, at its election, in accordance with Section 2.03(c) of the Indenture. 

1 Include if a global note.

2 This Note will be deemed to be identified by CUSIP No. [_____] from and after such time when (i) the Company delivers, pursuant to Section 2.05(c) of the within-mentioned Indenture, written notice to the Trustee of the occurrence of the Resale Restriction Termination Date and the removal of the restrictive legend affixed to this Note and (ii) this Note is identified by such CUSIP number in accordance with the applicable procedures of the Depositary.

3 Include if a global note.

4 Include if a physical note.

5 Include if a global note.

6 Include if a physical note.

The Company shall pay the principal of and interest, if any, on this Note, if and so long as such Note is a Global Note, in immediately available funds to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered Holder of such Note. As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Company shall pay the principal of any Notes (other than Notes that are Global Notes) at the office or agency designated by the Company for that purpose. The Company has initially designated the Trustee as its Paying Agent and Note Registrar in respect of the Notes and its Corporate Trust Office as a place in the continental United States of America where Notes may be presented for payment or for registration of transfer and exchange. 

Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note set forth on the reverse hereof, including, without limitation, provisions giving the Holder of this Note the right to convert this Note into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, on the terms and subject to the limitations set forth in the Indenture. Such further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at this place.

This Note, and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Note, shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York.

In the case of any conflict between this Note and the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall control and govern.

This Note shall not be valid or become obligatory for any purpose until the certificate of authentication hereon shall have been signed manually by the Trustee or a duly authorized authenticating agent under the Indenture.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be duly executed.

UNITY SOFTWARE INC.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Dated: 

TRUSTEES CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICATION

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

as Trustee, certifies that this is one of the Notes described

in the within-named Indenture.

By: 

Authorized Signatory 

[FORM OF REVERSE OF NOTE]

Unity Software Inc.

0% Convertible Senior Note due 2030

This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of Notes of the Company, designated as its 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes), limited to the aggregate principal amount of $690,000,000, all issued or to be issued under and pursuant to an Indenture dated as of February 27, 2025 (the Indenture), between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee), to which Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto reference is hereby made for a description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities thereunder of the Trustee, the Company and the Holders of the Notes. Additional Notes may be issued in an unlimited aggregate principal amount, subject to certain conditions specified in the Indenture. Capitalized terms used in this Note and not defined in this Note shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Indenture.

In case certain Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the principal of, and Special Interest, if any, on, all Notes may be declared, by either the Trustee or Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, and upon said declaration shall become, due and payable, in the manner, with the effect and subject to the conditions and certain exceptions set forth in the Indenture.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture, the Company will make all payments and deliveries in respect of the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date, the Redemption Price on any Redemption Date and the principal amount on the Maturity Date, as the case may be, to the Holder who surrenders a Note to a Paying Agent to collect such payments in respect of the Note. The Company will pay cash amounts in money of the United States that at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts. 

The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Company and the Trustee in certain circumstances, without the consent of the Holders of the Notes, and in certain other circumstances, with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding, evidenced as in the Indenture provided, to execute supplemental indentures modifying the terms of the Indenture and the Notes as described therein. It is also provided in the Indenture that, subject to certain exceptions, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any past Default or Event of Default under the Indenture and its consequences.

Each Holder shall have the right to receive payment or delivery, as the case may be, of (x) the principal (including the Redemption Price and the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price, if applicable) of, (y) accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on, and (z) the consideration due upon conversion of, this Note at the place, at the respective times, at the rate and in the lawful money or shares of Common Stock, as the case may be, herein prescribed.

The Notes are issuable in registered form without coupons in denominations of $1,000 principal amount and integral multiples thereof. At the office or agency of the Company referred to on the face hereof, and in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Notes of other authorized denominations, without payment of any service charge but, if required by the Company or Trustee, with payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer or similar tax that may be imposed in connection therewith as a result of the name of the Holder of the new Notes issued upon such exchange of Notes being different from the name of the Holder of the old Notes surrendered for such exchange.

The Notes shall be redeemable at the Companys option on or after March 20, 2028 in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions specified in the Indenture. No sinking fund is provided for the Notes.

Upon the occurrence of a Fundamental Change (other than an Exempted Fundamental Change), the Holder has the right, at such Holders option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such Holders Notes or any portion thereof (in principal amounts of $1,000 or integral multiples thereof) on the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date at a price equal to the Fundamental Change Repurchase Price.

Subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder hereof has the right, at its option, during certain periods and upon the occurrence of certain conditions specified in the Indenture, prior to the close of business on the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Maturity Date, to convert any Notes or portion thereof that is $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, at the Conversion Rate specified in the Indenture, as adjusted from time to time as provided in the Indenture.

ABBREVIATIONS

The following abbreviations, when used in the inscription of the face of this Note, shall be construed as though they were written out in full according to applicable laws or regulations:

TEN COM = as tenants in common 

UNIF GIFT MIN ACT = Uniform Gifts to Minors Act

CUST = Custodian

TEN ENT = as tenants by the entireties 

JT TEN = joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common 

Additional abbreviations may also be used though not in the above list.

SCHEDULE A7

SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF NOTES

Unity Software Inc.

0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030

The initial principal amount of this Global Note is _______ DOLLARS ($[_________]). The following increases or decreases in this Global Note have been made:

Date of exchange Amount of decrease in principal amount of this Global Note Amount of increase in principal amount of this Global Note Principal amount of this Global Note following such decrease or increase Signature of authorized signatory of Trustee or Custodian

7 Include if a global note.

ATTACHMENT 1

[FORM OF NOTICE OF CONVERSION]

To: U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

100 Wall St, Suite 600

New York, NY 10005 

Attention: J. Hall (Unity Software Inc.)

The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby exercises the option to convert this Note, or the portion hereof (that is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, into cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of the Indenture referred to in this Note, and directs that any cash payable and any shares of Common Stock issuable and deliverable upon such conversion, together with any cash for any fractional share, and any Notes representing any unconverted principal amount hereof, be issued and delivered to the registered Holder hereof unless a different name has been indicated below. If any shares of Common Stock or any portion of this Note not converted are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes, if any in accordance with Section 14.02(d) and Section 14.02(e) of the Indenture. Any amount required to be paid to the undersigned on account of any Special Interest accompanies this Note. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture.

Dated: 

Signature(s) 

Signature Guarantee 

Signature(s) must be guaranteed

by an eligible Guarantor Institution

(banks, stock brokers, savings and

loan associations and credit unions)

with membership in an approved

signature guarantee medallion program

pursuant to Securities and Exchange

Commission Rule 17Ad-15 if shares

of Common Stock are to be issued, or

Notes are to be delivered, other than

to and in the name of the registered holder. 

Fill in for registration of shares if

to be issued, and Notes if to

be delivered, other than to and in the

name of the registered holder: 

(Name) 

(Street Address) 

(City, State and Zip Code) 

Please print name and address 

Principal amount to be converted (if less than all): $______,000

NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

Social Security or Other Taxpayer

Identification Number

ATTACHMENT 2

[FORM OF FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE REPURCHASE NOTICE]

To: U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

100 Wall St, Suite 600

New York, NY 10005 

Attention: J. Hall (Unity Software Inc.)

The undersigned registered owner of this Note hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Unity Software Inc. (the Company) as to the occurrence of a Fundamental Change with respect to the Company and specifying the Fundamental Change Repurchase Date and requests and instructs the Company to pay to the registered holder hereof in accordance with Section 15.02 of the Indenture referred to in this Note (1) the entire principal amount of this Note, or the portion thereof (that is $1,000 principal amount or an integral multiple thereof) below designated, and (2) if such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date does not fall during the period after a Special Interest Record Date and on or prior to the corresponding Special Interest Payment Date, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, such Fundamental Change Repurchase Date. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Indenture.

In the case of Physical Notes, the certificate numbers of the Notes to be repurchased are as set forth below:

Dated: 

Signature(s) 

Social Security or Other Taxpayer

Identification Number 

Principal amount to be repaid (if less than all): $______,000

NOTICE: The above signature(s) of the Holder(s) hereof must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.

ATTACHMENT 3

[FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER]

For value received ____________________________ hereby sell(s), assign(s) and transfer(s) unto _________________ (Please insert social security or Taxpayer Identification Number of assignee) the within Note, and hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints _____________________ attorney to transfer the said Note on the books of the Company, with full power of substitution in the premises.

In connection with any transfer of the within Note occurring prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date, as defined in the Indenture governing such Note, the undersigned confirms that such Note is being transferred:

To Unity Software Inc. or a subsidiary thereof; or

Pursuant to a registration statement that has become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or

To a person reasonably believed to be a qualified institutional buyer in compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or

Pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (if available), or any other available exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Dated: 

Signature(s) 

Signature Guarantee 

Signature(s) must be guaranteed by an

eligible Guarantor Institution (banks, stock brokers, savings and loan associations and credit unions) with membership in an approved signature guarantee medallion program pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission

Rule 17Ad-15 if Notes are to be delivered, other than to and in the name of the registered holder. 

NOTICE: The signature on the assignment must correspond with the name as written upon the face of the Note in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit101-formofcappedcal.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 10.1

[Dealer name and address]

To: 

Unity Software Inc.

116 New Montgomery St.

San Francisco, CA 94105

From: 

[Dealer]

Re: [Base][Additional] Capped Call Transaction

Date: [____], 2025

Dear Ladies and Gentlemen: 

The purpose of this communication (this Confirmation) is to set forth the terms and conditions of the above-referenced transaction entered into on the Trade Date specified below (the Transaction) between [Dealer] (Dealer) and Unity Software Inc., a Delaware corporation (Counterparty). This communication constitutes a Confirmation as referred to in the ISDA Master Agreement specified below.

1.This Confirmation is subject to, and incorporates, the definitions and provisions of the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the 2006 Definitions) and the definitions and provisions of the ISDA 2002 Equity Derivatives Definitions (the Equity Definitions, and together with the 2006 Definitions, the Definitions), in each case as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA). In the event of any inconsistency between the 2006 Definitions and the Equity Definitions, the Equity Definitions will govern, and in the event of any inconsistency between terms defined in the Equity Definitions and this Confirmation, this Confirmation shall govern.

This Confirmation evidences a complete and binding agreement between Dealer and Counterparty as to the terms of the Transaction to which this Confirmation relates. This Confirmation shall be subject to an agreement (the Agreement) in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as if Dealer and Counterparty had executed an agreement in such form on the Trade Date (but without any Schedule except for (i) the election of the laws of the State of New York as the governing law (without reference to choice of law doctrine), [(ii) the election of an executed guarantee of [__________] (Guarantor) dated as of the Trade Date in substantially the form attached hereto as Schedule 1 as a Credit Support Document, (iii) the election of Guarantor as Credit Support Provider in relation to Dealer]1 and [(ii)][(iv)] the election that the Cross Default provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) of the Agreement shall apply to Dealer, with (a) a Threshold Amount of 3% of the shareholders equity of [Dealer][Dealers ultimate parent] on the Trade Date, (b) Specified Indebtedness having the meaning set forth in Section 14 of the Agreement, except that it shall not include any obligation in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of Dealers banking business, (c) the phrase , or becoming capable at such time of being declared, being deleted from clause (1) of such Section 5(a)(vi) of the Agreement, and (d) the following sentence being added to the end of Section 5(a)(vi) of the Agreement: Notwithstanding the foregoing, a default under subsection (2) hereof shall not constitute an Event of Default if (i) the default was caused solely by error or omission of an administrative or operational nature; (ii) funds were available to enable the relevant party to make payment when due; and (iii) the payment is made within two Local Business Days of such partys receipt of written notice of its failure to pay.).

All provisions contained in, or incorporated by reference to, the Agreement will govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified herein. In the event of any inconsistency between this Confirmation and either the Definitions or the Agreement, this Confirmation shall govern. 

The Transaction hereunder shall be the sole Transaction under the Agreement. If there exists any ISDA Master Agreement between Dealer and Counterparty or any confirmation or other agreement between Dealer and Counterparty pursuant to which an ISDA Master Agreement is deemed to exist between Dealer and Counterparty, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in such ISDA Master Agreement, such confirmation or agreement or 

1 Requested if Dealer is not the highest rated entity in group, typically from Parent.

any other agreement to which Dealer and Counterparty are parties, the Transaction shall not be considered a Transaction under, or otherwise governed by, such existing or deemed ISDA Master Agreement.

2.The Transaction constitutes a Share Option Transaction for purposes of the Equity Definitions. The terms of the particular Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows: 

General Terms: 

Trade Date: [____], 2025

Effective Date: [____], 2025, or such other date as agreed by the parties in writing.

Components: The Transaction will be divided into individual Components, each with the terms set forth in this Confirmation, and, in particular, with the Number of Options and Expiration Date set forth in Annex A to this Confirmation. The exercise, valuation and settlement of the Transaction will be effected separately for each Component as if each Component were a separate Transaction under the Agreement.

Option Style: European, as described under Procedures for Exercise below.

Option Type: Call

Seller: Dealer

Buyer: Counterparty

Shares: The common stock of Counterparty, par value USD 0.000005 per share (Ticker Symbol: U).

Number of Options: For each Component, as provided in Annex A to this Confirmation.2

Option Entitlement: One Share per Option

Strike Price: USD [_____]

Cap Price: 

USD [_____]; provided that in no event shall the Cap Price be reduced to an amount less than the Strike Price in connection with any adjustment by the Calculation Agent under this Confirmation.

Number of Shares: As of any date, a number of Shares equal to the product of (i) the aggregate Number of Options of all Components and (ii) the Option Entitlement.

Premium: 

USD [_____] (Premium per Option approximately USD [_____]); Dealer and Counterparty hereby agree that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Agreement, following the payment of the Premium, in the event that (a) an Early Termination Date (whether as a result of an Event of Default or a Termination Event) (other than an Event of Default arising under Section 5(a)(ii) or 5(a)(iv) of the Agreement that is within Counterpartys control) occurs or is designated with respect to any Transaction and, as a result, Counterparty owes to Dealer the amount calculated under Section 6(d) and Section 6(e) or otherwise under the Agreement (calculated as if the Transaction terminated on such Early Termination Date were the sole Transaction under the Agreement) or (b) Counterparty owes to Dealer, pursuant to Sections 12.2, 12.3, 12.6, 12.7, 12.8 or 12.9 of the Equity Definitions or otherwise under the Equity Definitions, an amount calculated under Section 12.8 of the Equity Definitions, such amount shall be deemed to be zero. 

2For the base capped call, the total will be equal to (i) the number of Convertible Notes (as defined herein) in principal amount of USD 1,000 initially issued on the closing date for the Convertible Notes (excluding any Convertible Notes sold pursuant to the option to purchase additional notes) multiplied by (ii) the initial conversion rate. For the additional capped call, the total will be equal to (i) the number of additional Convertible Notes in principal amount of USD 1,000 multiplied by (ii) the initial conversion rate.

Premium Payment Date: The Effective Date

Exchange: The New York Stock Exchange

Related Exchange: 

All Exchanges; provided that Section 1.26 of the Equity Definitions shall be amended to add the words United States before the word exchange in the tenth line of such Section.

Procedures for Exercise: 

Expiration Time: The Valuation Time

Expiration Date: 

For any Component, as provided in Annex A to this Confirmation (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Valid Day, the next following Scheduled Valid Day that is not already an Expiration Date for another Component); provided that if that date is a Disrupted Day, the Expiration Date for such Component shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Valid Day that is not a Disrupted Day and is not or is not deemed to be an Expiration Date in respect of any other Component of the Transaction hereunder; and provided further that in no event shall the Expiration Date be postponed to a date later than the Final Termination Date and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Confirmation or the Equity Definitions, if the Expiration Date occurring on the Final Termination Date is a Disrupted Day, the Relevant Price for such Expiration Date shall be the prevailing market value per Share determined by the Calculation Agent in a good faith and commercially reasonable manner. Notwithstanding the foregoing and anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions, if a Market Disruption Event occurs on any Expiration Date, the Calculation Agent may determine in a good faith and commercially reasonable manner that such Expiration Date is a Disrupted Day only in part, in which case the Calculation Agent shall make commercially reasonable adjustments to the Number of Options for the relevant Component for which such day shall be the Expiration Date, shall designate the Scheduled Valid Day determined in the manner described in the immediately preceding sentence as the Expiration Date for the remaining Number of Options for such Component and may determine the Relevant Price on such Expiration Date that is a Disrupted Day only in part based on transactions in the Shares on such Disrupted Day taking into account the nature and duration of such Market Disruption Event on such day. Section 6.6 of the Equity Definitions shall not apply to any Valuation Date occurring on an Expiration Date.

Final Termination Date: [______], 20303

Automatic Exercise: 

Applicable; and means that the Number of Options for the relevant Component will be deemed to be automatically exercised at the Expiration Time on the Expiration Date for such Component if at such time such Component is In-the-Money unless Buyer notifies Seller (in writing) prior to the Expiration Time on such Expiration Date that it does not wish Automatic Exercise to occur with respect to such Component, in which case Automatic Exercise will not apply with respect to such Component. In-the-Money means, in respect of any Component, that the Relevant Price on the Expiration Date for such Component is greater than the Strike Price for such Component.

3 To be 80 Scheduled Trading Days following the last scheduled Expiration Date.

Valuation Time: 

The close of trading of the regular trading session on the Exchange; provided that if the principal trading session is extended, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Valuation Time in a good faith and commercially reasonable manner.

Valuation Date: For any Component, the Expiration Date therefor.

Market Disruption Event: 

Section 6.3(a) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, Latest Exercise Time, Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, in clause (ii) thereof.

Section 6.3(d) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the remainder of the provision following the term Scheduled Closing Time in the fourth line thereof.

Settlement Terms: 

Settlement Method Election: 

Applicable; provided that (a) Section 7.1 of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by replacing the term Physical Settlement with the terms Net Share Settlement or Combination Settlement, (b) Counterparty must make a single irrevocable election for all Components and (c) if Counterparty is electing Cash Settlement or Combination Settlement, such Settlement Method Election will be effective only if Counterparty represents and warrants to Dealer in writing on the date of such Settlement Method Election that (i) Counterparty is not in possession of any material non-public information regarding Counterparty or the Shares, and (ii) such election is being made in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade compliance with the federal securities laws.

If Counterparty is electing Combination Settlement, Counterparty shall also specify a specified dollar amount (the Specified Cash Amount) in the notice specifying its election of Combination Settlement.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Counterparty acknowledges its responsibilities under applicable securities laws, and in particular Sections 9 and 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder in respect of such election.

Electing Party: Counterparty

Settlement Method Election Date: The second Scheduled Valid Day prior to the scheduled Expiration Date for the Component with the earliest scheduled Expiration Date.

Default Settlement Method: Net Share Settlement

Net Share Settlement: 

With respect to any Component, if Net Share Settlement is applicable to the Options exercised or deemed exercised hereunder, Dealer will deliver to Counterparty, on the Settlement Date, a number of Shares (the Net Share Settlement Amount) equal to (i) the Daily Option Value on the Expiration Date of such Component divided by (ii) the Relevant Price on such Expiration Date.

Dealer will deliver cash in lieu of any fractional Shares to be delivered with respect to any Net Share Settlement Amount valued at the Relevant Price for the Expiration Date of such Component.

Cash Settlement: 

With respect to any Component, if Cash Settlement is applicable to the Options exercised or deemed exercised hereunder, in lieu of Section 8.1 of the Equity Definitions, Dealer will pay to Counterparty on the Settlement Date, an amount of cash (the Cash Settlement Amount) equal to the Daily Option Value on the Expiration Date of such Component.

Combination Settlement: 

With respect to any Component, if Combination Settlement is applicable to the Options exercised or deemed exercised hereunder, Dealer will pay or deliver, as the case may be, to Counterparty on the Settlement Date:

(i) an amount of cash equal to the lesser of (A) the Specified Cash Amount divided by the number of Components for the Transaction and (B) the Daily Option Value on the Expiration Date of such Component; and

(ii) a number of Shares (the Combination Settlement Share Amount) equal to (A) the excess of (1) the Daily Option Value on the Expiration Date of such Component over the (2) the Specified Cash Amount divided by the number of Components for the Transaction, divided by (B) the Relevant Price on such Expiration Date; provided that if the calculation in sub-clause (A) above results in zero or a negative number for any Expiration Date, the Combination Settlement Share Amount for such Expiration Date shall be deemed to be zero.

Dealer will deliver cash in lieu of any fractional Shares to be delivered with respect to any Combination Settlement Share Amount valued at the Relevant Price for the Expiration Date of such Component.

Daily Option Value: 

For any Component, an amount equal to (i) the Number of Options in such Component, multiplied by (ii) the Option Entitlement, multiplied by (iii) (A) the lesser of the Relevant Price on the Expiration Date of such Component and the Cap Price, minus (B) the Strike Price on such Expiration Date; provided that if the calculation contained in clause (iii) above results in a negative number, the Daily Option Value for such Component shall be deemed to be zero. In no event will the Daily Option Value be less than zero.

Valid Day: 

A day on which (i) there is no Market Disruption Event and (ii) trading in the Shares generally occurs on the Exchange. If the Shares are not listed, quoted or traded on any U.S. securities exchange or any other market, Valid Day means a Business Day.

Scheduled Valid Day: 

A day that is scheduled to be a Valid Day on the Exchange. If the Shares are not listed, quoted or traded on any U.S. securities exchange or any other market, Scheduled Valid Day means a Business Day.

Business Day: Any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which banking institutions are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close or be closed in the State of New York.

Relevant Price: 

On any Valid Day, the per Share volume-weighted average price as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on Bloomberg page U <equity> AQR (or its equivalent successor if such page is not available) (the VWAP) in respect of the period from the scheduled open of trading until the scheduled close of trading of the primary trading session on such Valid Day (or if such volume-weighted average price is unavailable at such time, the market value of one Share on such Valid Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent in a good faith and commercially reasonable manner using, if practicable, a volume-weighted average method substantially similar to the method for determining the VWAP). The Relevant Price will be determined without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside of the regular trading session trading hours.

Settlement Date: For all Components of the Transaction, the date that is one Settlement Cycle immediately following the Expiration Date for the Component with the latest Expiration Date.

Settlement Currency: USD

Other Applicable Provisions: The provisions of Sections 9.1(c), 9.8, 9.9, 9.11 and 9.12 of the Equity Definitions will be applicable, except that any references in such provisions to Physical Settlement shall be read as references to Net Share Settlement or Combination Settlement, as applicable.

Representation and Agreement: 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions (including, but not limited to, Section 9.11 thereof), the parties acknowledge that (i) any Shares delivered to Counterparty shall be, upon delivery, subject to restrictions, obligations and limitations arising from Counterpartys status as issuer of the Shares under applicable securities laws, (ii) Dealer may deliver any Shares required to be delivered hereunder in certificated form in lieu of delivery through the Clearance System and (iii) any Shares delivered to Counterparty may be restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act)). 

Adjustments: 

Method of Adjustment: 

Calculation Agent Adjustment; provided that the parties agree that (x) open market Share repurchases at prevailing market prices and (y) Share repurchases through a dealer pursuant to accelerated share repurchases, forward contracts or similar transactions (including, without limitation, any discount to average VWAP prices) that are entered into at prevailing market prices and in accordance with customary market terms for transactions of such type to repurchase the Shares shall not be considered Potential Adjustment Events so long as, in the case of clause (y), after giving effect to such transaction, the aggregate number of Shares repurchased during the term of the Transaction pursuant to all such transactions described in clause (y) would not exceed 20% of the number of Shares outstanding as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and as adjusted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner to account for any subdivision or combination with respect to the Shares.

Extraordinary Events: 

New Shares: In the definition of New Shares in Section 12.1(i) of the Equity Definitions, the text in clause (i) thereof shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with publicly quoted, traded or listed on any of The New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Market or The Nasdaq Global Select Market (or their respective successors) and of an entity or person organized under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of Columbia.

Consequences of Merger Events: 

(a) Share-for-Share: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment

(b) Share-for-Other: Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination)

(c) Share-for-Combined: 

Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination); provided that the Calculation Agent may elect Component Adjustment for all or part of the Transaction

Tender Offer: 

Applicable; provided that (x) the definition of Tender Offer in Section 12.1 of the Equity Definitions will be amended by replacing 10% with 20% and (y) each of Section 12.1(d), Section 12.1(e) and Section 12.(l) of the Equity Definitions will be amended by replacing the references therein to voting shares with Shares.

Consequences of Tender Offers: 

(a) Share-for-Share: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment 

(b) Share-for-Other: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment

(c) Share-for-Combined: Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment

Consequences of Announcement Events: 

Modified Calculation Agent Adjustment as set forth in Section 12.3(d) of the Equity Definitions; provided that, in respect of an Announcement Event, (x) references to Tender Offer shall be replaced by references to Announcement Event and references to Tender Offer Date shall be replaced by references to date of such Announcement Event, (y) the phrase exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Transaction (including, without limitation, the spread) shall be replaced with the phrase Cap Price (provided that in no event shall the Cap Price be less than the Strike Price) and the words whether within a commercially reasonable (as determined by the Calculation Agent) period of time prior to or after the Announcement Event, shall be inserted prior to the word which in the seventh line thereof, and (z) for the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall, in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether the relevant Announcement Event has had a material economic effect on the Transaction and, if so, shall adjust the Cap Price accordingly to take into account such economic effect on one or more occasions on or after the date of the Announcement Event up to, and including, the final Expiration Date, any Early Termination Date and/or any other date of cancellation, it being understood that any adjustment in respect of an Announcement Event shall take into account any earlier adjustment relating to the same Announcement Event and shall not be duplicative with any other adjustment or cancellation valuation made pursuant to this Confirmation, the Equity Definitions or the Agreement; provided that in no event shall the Cap Price be adjusted to be less than the Strike Price. An Announcement Event shall be an Extraordinary Event for purposes of the Equity Definitions, to which Article 12 of the Equity Definitions is applicable; provided further that upon the Calculation Agent making an adjustment, determined in a commercially reasonable manner, to the Cap Price upon any Announcement Event, then the Calculation Agent shall make an adjustment to the Cap Price upon any announcement regarding the same event that gave rise to the original Announcement Event regarding the abandonment of any such event to the extent necessary to reflect the economic effect of such subsequent announcement on the Transaction (provided that in no event shall the Cap Price be less than the Strike Price).

Announcement Event: 

(i) The public announcement (whether by Counterparty, any agent of Counterparty, any affiliate of Counterparty, a Valid Third Party Entity or any affiliate, agent or representative of a Valid Third Party Entity) of any transaction or event that, if completed, would constitute a Merger Event or Tender Offer, or the announcement by Counterparty of any intention to enter into a Merger Event or Tender Offer, (ii) the public announcement by Counterparty of an intention by Counterparty to solicit or enter into, or to explore strategic alternatives or other similar undertaking that may include, a Merger Event or Tender Offer, (iii) the public announcement (whether by Counterparty, any agent of Counterparty, any affiliate of Counterparty, a Valid Third Party Entity or any affiliate, agent or representative of a Valid Third Party Entity) of any potential acquisition or disposition by Counterparty and/or its subsidiaries where the consideration exceeds 35% of the market capitalization of Counterparty as of the date of such announcement, or (iv) any subsequent public announcement (whether by Counterparty, any agent of Counterparty, any affiliate of Counterparty or a Valid Third Party Entity) of a change to a transaction or intention that is the subject of an announcement of the type described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of this sentence (including, without limitation, a new announcement relating to such a transaction or intention or the announcement of a withdrawal from, or the abandonment or discontinuation of, such a transaction or intention); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of an Announcement Event with respect to any transaction or intention shall not preclude the occurrence of a later Announcement Event with respect to such transaction or intention. For purposes of this definition of Announcement Event, Merger Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12.1(b) of the Equity Definitions; provided that the portion of such definition following the definition of Reverse Merger shall be disregarded.

Valid Third Party Entity: In respect of any transaction or event, any third party that has a bona fide intent to enter into or consummate such transaction or event (it being understood and agreed that in determining whether such third party has such a bona fide intent, the Calculation Agent shall take into consideration the effect of the relevant announcement by such third party on the Shares and/or options relating to the Shares).

Notice of Merger Consideration and Consequences: 

Upon the occurrence of a Merger Event that causes the Shares to be converted into the right to receive more than a single type of consideration (determined based in part upon any form of stockholder election), Counterparty shall reasonably promptly (but in any event prior to the relevant Merger Date) notify the Calculation Agent of (i) the type and amount of consideration that a holder of Shares would have been entitled to in the case of reclassifications, consolidations, mergers, sales or transfers of assets or other transactions that cause Shares to be converted into the right to receive more than a single type of consideration and (ii) the weighted average of the types and amounts of consideration to be received by the holders of Shares that affirmatively make such an election.

Nationalization, Insolvency or Delisting: 

Cancellation and Payment (Calculation Agent Determination); provided that in addition to the provisions of Section 12.6(a)(iii) of the Equity Definitions, it will also constitute a Delisting if the Shares are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any of the New York Stock Exchange, The Nasdaq Global Select Market or The Nasdaq Global Market (or their respective successors); if the Shares are immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on any such exchange or quotation system, such exchange or quotation system shall thereafter be deemed to be the Exchange.

Additional Termination Event(s): Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Equity Definitions, if, as a result of an Extraordinary Event, the Transaction would be cancelled or terminated (whether in whole or in part) pursuant to Article 12 of the Equity Definitions, an Additional Termination Event (with the Transaction (or the cancelled or terminated portion thereof) being the Affected Transaction and Counterparty being the sole Affected Party) shall be deemed to occur, and, in lieu of Sections 12.7, 12.8 and 12.9 of the Equity Definitions, Section 6 of the Agreement shall apply to such Affected Transaction.

Additional Disruption Events: 

(a) Change in Law: 

Applicable; provided that Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing the phrase the interpretation in the third line thereof with the phrase , or public announcement of, the formal or informal interpretation, (ii) adding the phrase and/or Hedge Position after the word Shares in clause (X) thereof and (iii) immediately following the word Transaction in clause (X) thereof, adding the phrase in the manner contemplated by the Hedging Party on the Trade Date; and providedfurther that Section 12.9(a)(ii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (i) replacing the parenthetical beginning after the word regulation in the second line thereof with the words (including, for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, (x) any tax law or (y) adoption or promulgation of new regulations authorized or mandated by existing statute) and (ii) adding the words , or holding, acquiring or disposing of Shares or any Hedge Positions relating to, after the words obligations under in clause (Y) thereof.

(b) Failure to Deliver: Applicable

(c) Insolvency Filing: Applicable

(d) Hedging Disruption: 

Applicable; provided that:

(i) Section 12.9(a)(v) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by inserting the following sentence at the end of such Section: 

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the term equity price risk shall be deemed to include, but shall not be limited to, stock price and volatility risk, and (ii) the transactions or assets referred to in phrases (A) or (B) above must be available on commercially reasonable pricing and other terms.; and

(ii) Section 12.9(b)(iii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by inserting in the third line thereof, after the words to terminate the Transaction, the words or a portion of the Transaction affected by such Hedging Disruption.

(e) Increased Cost of Hedging: Not Applicable

Hedging Party: Dealer

Determining Party: 

For all applicable Extraordinary Events, Dealer; all calculations and determinations made by the Determining Party shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; provided that, upon receipt of written request from Counterparty, the Determining Party shall promptly provide Counterparty with a written explanation describing in reasonable detail any calculation, adjustment or determination made by it (including any quotations, market data or information from internal or external sources used in making such calculation, adjustment or determination, as the case may be, in a commonly used file format for the storage and manipulation of financial data, but without disclosing Determining Partys proprietary models or other information that may be proprietary or subject to contractual, legal or regulatory obligations to not disclose such information), and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such written explanation within five (5) Exchange Business Days from the receipt of such request.

Non-Reliance: Applicable

Agreements and Acknowledgments Regarding Hedging Activities: Applicable

Additional Acknowledgments: Applicable

3.Calculation Agent: Dealer; provided that, following the occurrence of an Event of Default of the type described in Section 5(a)(vii) of the Agreement with respect to which Dealer is the sole Defaulting Party, if the Calculation Agent fails to timely make any calculation, adjustment or determination required to be made by the Calculation Agent hereunder or to perform any obligation of the Calculation Agent hereunder and such failure continues for five (5) Exchange Business Days following notice to the Calculation Agent by Counterparty of such failure, Counterparty shall have the right to designate a nationally recognized third-party dealer in over-the-counter corporate equity derivatives to act, during the period commencing on the date such Event of Default occurred and ending on the Early Termination Date with respect to such Event of Default, as the Calculation Agent. 

All calculations, adjustments and determinations made by the Calculation Agent shall be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; provided that, upon receipt of written request from Counterparty, the Calculation Agent shall promptly provide Counterparty with a written explanation describing in reasonable detail any calculation, adjustment or determination made by it (including any quotations, market data or information from internal or external sources used in making such calculation, adjustment or determination, as the case may be, but without disclosing Dealers proprietary models or other information that may be proprietary or subject to contractual, legal or regulatory obligations to not disclose such information), and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide such written explanation within five (5) Exchange Business Days from the receipt of such request.

4.Account Details: 

Dealer Payment Instructions: 

Bank: [____________] 

SWIFT: [____________]

Bank Routing: [____________]

Acct Name: [____________]

Acct No.: [____________]

Counterparty Payment Instructions: To be advised. 

5.Offices: 

The Office of Dealer for the Transaction is: [____________].

The Office of Counterparty for the Transaction is: Inapplicable, Counterparty is not a Multibranch Party.

6.Notices: For purposes of this Confirmation: 

(a)Address for notices or communications to Counterparty: 

To: Unity Software Inc.

116 New Montgomery St.

San Francisco, CA 94105

Attention: Treasury Department

Email: treasury@unity3d.com

(b)Address for notices or communications to Dealer: 

To: [__]

[__]

[__]

Attention: [__]

Telephone: [__]

Facsimile: [__]

Email: [__]

7.Representations, Warranties and Agreements: 

(a)In addition to the representations and warranties in the Agreement and those contained elsewhere herein, Counterparty represents and warrants to and for the benefit of, and agrees with, Dealer as follows: 

(i)On the Trade Date (A) none of Counterparty and its officers and directors is aware of any material non-public information regarding Counterparty or the Shares, and (B) all reports and other documents filed by Counterparty with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act when considered as a whole (with the more recent such reports and documents deemed to amend inconsistent statements contained in any earlier such reports and documents), do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. 

(ii) Counterparty is not on the Trade Date engaged in a distribution, as such term is defined in Regulation M under the Exchange Act (Regulation M), of any securities of Counterparty, other than a distribution meeting the requirements of the exceptions set forth in Rules 101(b)(10), 102(b)(7) or 102(c)(1)(i) of Regulation M. Counterparty shall not, until the second Exchange Business Day immediately following the Trade Date, engage in any such distribution.

(iii)On the Trade Date, neither Counterparty nor any affiliate or affiliated purchaser (each as defined in Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act) shall directly or indirectly (including, without limitation, by means of any cash-settled or other derivative instrument) purchase, offer to purchase, place any bid or limit order that would effect a purchase of, or commence any tender offer relating to, any Shares (or an equivalent interest, including a unit of beneficial interest in a trust or limited partnership or a depository share) or any security convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for Shares, except through Dealer.

(iv)Without limiting the generality of Section 13.1 of the Equity Definitions, Counterparty acknowledges that neither Dealer nor any of its affiliates is making any representations or warranties or taking any position or expressing any view with respect to the treatment of the Transaction under any accounting standards including ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share, ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging, or ASC Topic 480,Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815-40,Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entitys Own Equity (or any successor issue statements).

(v)Without limiting the generality of Section 3(a)(iii) of the Agreement, the Transaction will not violate Rule 13e-1 or Rule 13e-4 under the Exchange Act. 

(vi)On or prior to the Trade Date, Counterparty shall deliver to Dealer a resolution of Counterpartys board of directors authorizing the Transaction and approving the Transaction and any related hedging activity for purposes of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

(vii) Counterparty is not entering into this Confirmation to create actual or apparent trading activity in the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) or to manipulate the price of the Shares (or any security convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) or otherwise in violation of the Exchange Act.

(viii)Counterparty is not, and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby will not be, required to register as an investment company, as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(ix)On and immediately after the Trade Date and the Premium Payment Date, (A) the value of the total assets of Counterparty is greater than the sum of the total liabilities (including contingent liabilities) and the capital (as such terms are defined in Section 154 and Section 244 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware) of Counterparty, (B) the capital of Counterparty is adequate to conduct the business of Counterparty, and Counterpartys entry into the Transaction will not impair its capital, (C) Counterparty has the ability to pay its debts and obligations as such debts mature and does not intend to, or does not believe that it will, incur debt beyond its ability to pay as such debts mature, (D) Counterparty is not insolvent (as such term is defined under Section 101(32) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (Title 11 of the United States Code) (the Bankruptcy Code)) and (E) Counterparty would be able to purchase the Number of Shares in compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction of Counterpartys incorporation (including the adequate surplus and capital requirements of Sections 154 and 160 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware).

(x)To Counterpartys knowledge, no U.S. state or local law, rule, regulation or regulatory order applicable to the Shares would give rise to any reporting, consent, registration or other requirement (including without limitation a requirement to obtain prior approval from any person or entity) as a result of Dealer or its affiliates owning or holding (however defined) Shares; provided that no such representation shall be made by Counterparty with respect to any rules and regulations applicable to Dealer (including the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.) arising from Dealers status as a regulated entity under applicable law.

(xi)Counterparty (A) is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to all transactions and investment strategies involving a security or securities, (B) will exercise independent judgment in evaluating the recommendations of any broker-dealer or its associated persons, unless it has otherwise notified the broker-dealer in writing and (C) has total assets of at least USD 50 million.

(b)Each of Dealer and Counterparty agrees and represents that it is an eligible contract participant as defined in Section 1a(18) of the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and is entering into the Transaction as principal (and not as agent or in any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise) and not for the benefit of any third party.

(c)Each of Dealer and Counterparty acknowledges that the offer and sale of the Transaction to it is intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act, by virtue of Section 4(a)(2) thereof. Accordingly, 

Counterparty represents and warrants to Dealer that (i) it has the financial ability to bear the economic risk of its investment in the Transaction and is able to bear a total loss of its investment and its investments in and liabilities in respect of the Transaction, which it understands are not readily marketable, are not disproportionate to its net worth, and it is able to bear any loss in connection with the Transaction, including the loss of its entire investment in the Transaction, (ii) it is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Regulation D as promulgated under the Securities Act, (iii) it is entering into the Transaction for its own account and without a view to the distribution or resale thereof, (iv) the assignment, transfer or other disposition of the Transaction has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and is restricted under this Confirmation, the Securities Act and state securities laws, and (v) its financial condition is such that it has no need for liquidity with respect to its investment in the Transaction and no need to dispose of any portion thereof to satisfy any existing or contemplated undertaking or indebtedness and is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of the Transaction.

(d)Each of Dealer and Counterparty agrees and acknowledges that Dealer is a financial institution, swap participant and financial participant within the meaning of Sections 101(22), 101(53C) and 101(22A) of the Bankruptcy Code. The parties hereto further agree and acknowledge (A) that this Confirmation is (i) a securities contract, as such term is defined in Section 741(7) of the Bankruptcy Code, with respect to which each payment and delivery hereunder or in connection herewith is a termination value, payment amount or other transfer obligation within the meaning of Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code and a settlement payment within the meaning of Section 546 of the Bankruptcy Code, and (ii) a swap agreement, as such term is defined in Section 101(53B) of the Bankruptcy Code, with respect to which each payment and delivery hereunder or in connection herewith is a termination value, payment amount or other transfer obligation within the meaning of Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code and a transfer within the meaning of Section 546 of the Bankruptcy Code, and (B) that Dealer is entitled to the protections afforded by, among other sections, Sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(17), 362(b)(27), 362(o), 546(e), 546(g), 546(j), 548(d)(2), 555, 560 and 561 of the Bankruptcy Code. 

(e)As a condition to the effectiveness of the Transaction, Counterparty shall deliver to Dealer an opinion of counsel, dated as of the Effective Date and reasonably acceptable to Dealer in form and substance, with respect to certain of the matters set forth in Section 3(a)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of the Agreement and Section 7(a)(viii) hereof; provided that any such opinion of counsel may contain customary exceptions and qualifications, including, without limitation, exceptions and qualifications relating to indemnification provisions.

(f)Counterparty understands that notwithstanding any other relationship between Counterparty and Dealer and its affiliates, in connection with the Transaction and any other over-the-counter derivative transactions between Counterparty and Dealer or its affiliates, Dealer or its affiliates is acting as principal and is not a fiduciary or advisor in respect of any such transaction, including any entry, exercise, amendment, unwind or termination thereof. 

(g)[Each party acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the Conduct Rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. applicable to transactions in options, and further agrees not to violate the position and exercise limits set forth therein. 

(h)Counterparty represents and warrants that it has received, read and understands the OTC Options Risk Disclosure Statement and a copy of the most recent disclosure pamphlet prepared by The Options Clearing Corporation entitled Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options.]4

8.Other Provisions: 

(a)Right to Extend. Dealer may divide any Component into additional Components and designate the Expiration Date and the Number of Options for each such Component if Dealer determines, in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, that such further division is necessary or advisable to preserve Dealers hedging or hedge unwind activity assuming Dealer maintains a commercially reasonable hedge position hereunder in light of existing liquidity conditions or to enable Dealer to effect purchases of Shares in connection with its commercially reasonable hedging, hedge unwind or settlement activity hereunder in a manner that would, if Dealer were 

4 Include as appropriate.

Counterparty or an affiliated purchaser of Counterparty, be compliant and consistent with applicable legal, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements, or with related policies and procedures, generally applicable to transactions of the type of the Transaction; provided that in no event shall any Expiration Date for any Component be postponed to a date later than the Final Termination Date.

(b)Additional Termination Events. Promptly (but in any event within ten Scheduled Trading Days) following any repurchase, redemption, exchange (other than an exchange pursuant to Section [14.12]5 of the Indenture (as defined below)) or conversion of any of Counterpartys [__]% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Convertible Notes) issued pursuant to an Indenture [to be] dated [____], 2025 between Counterparty and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Indenture), Counterparty may (but is not required to) notify Dealer in writing of such repurchase, redemption, exchange or conversion, the number of Convertible Notes so repurchased, redeemed, exchanged or converted, the number of Shares underlying such Convertible Notes and the number of Options as to which Counterparty elects to exercise its termination rights under this Section 8(b) (any such notice, a Note Repurchase Notice). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Confirmation, the receipt by Dealer from Counterparty of (x) any Note Repurchase Notice, within the applicable time period set forth in the preceding sentence, (y) a written representation and warranty by Counterparty that, as of the date of such Note Repurchase Notice, Counterparty is not in possession of any material non-public information regarding Counterparty or the Shares, and (z) a written representation and warranty by Counterparty that the aggregate Repurchase Options, together with any options being terminated concurrently under other capped call transactions entered into in connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, will not exceed the number of Shares underlying the Convertible Notes specified in such Note Repurchase Notice dividedby the Option Entitlement, shall constitute an Additional Termination Event as provided in this paragraph. Upon receipt of any such Note Repurchase Notice and the related written representation and warranty, Dealer shall promptly designate an Exchange Business Day following receipt of such Note Repurchase Notice as an Early Termination Date with respect to the portion of the Transaction corresponding to a number of Options (the Repurchase Options) equal to the lesser of (A) the number of Options specified in such Note Repurchase Notice [minus the number of Repurchase Options (as defined in the Base Capped Call Transaction Confirmation, dated as of [____], 2025, between Counterparty and Dealer relating to the Convertible Notes (the Base Capped Call Transaction Confirmation)), if any, that relate to such Convertible Notes (and for purposes of determining whether any Options under this Confirmation or under, and as defined in, the Base Capped Call Transaction Confirmation shall be among the Repurchase Options hereunder or under, and as defined in, the Base Capped Call Transaction Confirmation, such Convertible Notes shall be allocated first to the Base Capped Call Transaction Confirmation until all Options thereunder are exercised or terminated)]6 and (B) the aggregate Number of Options as of the date Dealer designates such Early Termination Date and, as of such date, the aggregate Number of Options shall be reduced by the number of Repurchase Options on a pro rata basis across all Components, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Any payment hereunder with respect to such termination shall be calculated pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement as if (1) an Early Termination Date had been designated in respect of a Transaction having terms identical to the Transaction and an aggregate Number of Options equal to the number of Repurchase Options, (2) Counterparty were the sole Affected Party with respect to such Additional Termination Event, (3) the terminated portion of the Transaction were the sole Affected Transaction and (4) Dealer were the party entitled to designate an Early Termination Date pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Agreement and to determine the amount payable pursuant to Section 6(e) of the Agreement. 

(c)Alternative Calculations and Payment on Early Termination and on Certain Extraordinary Events. If (a) an Early Termination Date (whether as a result of an Event of Default or a Termination Event) occurs or is designated with respect to the Transaction or (b) the Transaction is cancelled or terminated upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event (except as a result of (i) a Nationalization, Insolvency or Merger Event in which the consideration to be paid to all holders of Shares consists solely of cash, (ii) a Merger Event or Tender Offer that is within Counterpartys control, or (iii) an Event of Default in which Counterparty is the Defaulting Party or a Termination Event in which Counterparty is the Affected Party, which Event of Default or Termination Event resulted from an event or events within Counterpartys control), and if Dealer would owe any amount to 

5 To be section of Indenture describing exchange in lieu of conversion.

6 Include for additional capped call transaction.

Counterparty pursuant to Section 6(d)(ii) and 6(e) of the Agreement or any Cancellation Amount pursuant to Article 12 of the Equity Definitions (any such amount, a Payment Obligation),then Dealer shall satisfy the Payment Obligation by the Share Termination Alternative (as defined below) unless (a) Counterparty gives irrevocable telephonic notice to Dealer, confirmed in writing within one Scheduled Trading Day, no later than 12:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Merger Date, Tender Offer Date, Announcement Date (in the case of a Nationalization, Insolvency or Delisting), Early Termination Date or date of cancellation, as applicable, of its election that the Share Termination Alternative shall not apply, (b) as of the date of such election, Counterparty represents that is not in possession of any material non-public information regarding Counterparty or the Shares, and that such election is being made in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade compliance with the federal securities laws, and (c) Dealer agrees, in its sole discretion, to such election, in which case the provisions of Section 12.7 or Section 12.9 of the Equity Definitions, or the provisions of Section 6(d)(ii) and 6(e) of the Agreement, as the case may be, shall apply.

Share Termination Alternative: If applicable, Dealer shall deliver to Counterparty the Share Termination Delivery Property on, or within a commercially reasonable period of time after, the date when the relevant Payment Obligation would otherwise be due pursuant to Section 12.7 or 12.9 of the Equity Definitions or Section 6(d)(ii) and 6(e) of the Agreement, as applicable, in satisfaction of such Payment Obligation in the manner reasonably requested by Counterparty free of payment.

Share Termination Delivery Property: A number of Share Termination Delivery Units, as calculated by the Calculation Agent, equal to the Payment Obligation divided by the Share Termination Unit Price. The Calculation Agent shall adjust the Share Termination Delivery Property by replacing any fractional portion of a security therein with an amount of cash equal to the value of such fractional security based on the values used to calculate the Share Termination Unit Price.

Share Termination Unit Price: The value of property contained in one Share Termination Delivery Unit, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion by commercially reasonable means and notified by the Calculation Agent to Dealer at the time of notification of the Payment Obligation. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that in determining the Share Termination Delivery Unit Price the Calculation Agent may consider a variety of factors, including the market price of the Share Termination Delivery Units and/or the purchase price paid in connection with the commercially reasonable purchase of Share Termination Delivery Property. 

Share Termination Delivery Unit: 

One Share or, if the Shares have changed into cash or any other property or the right to receive cash or any other property as the result of a Nationalization, Insolvency or Merger Event (any such cash or other property, the Exchange Property), a unit consisting of the type and amount of such Exchange Property received by a holder of one Share (without consideration of any requirement to pay cash or other consideration in lieu of fractional amounts of any securities) in such Nationalization, Insolvency or Merger Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

Failure to Deliver: Applicable

Other Applicable Provisions: If Share Termination Alternative is applicable, the provisions of Sections 9.8, 9.9 and 9.11 (as modified above) of the Equity Definitions and the provisions set forth opposite the caption Representation and Agreement in Section 2 will be applicable, except that all references in such provisions to Physically-settled shall be read as references to Share Termination Settled and all references to Shares shall be read as references to Share Termination Delivery Units. Share Termination Settled in relation to the Transaction means that the Share Termination Alternative is applicable to the Transaction.

(d)Disposition of Hedge Shares. Counterparty hereby agrees that if, in the good faith reasonable judgment of Dealer, based on the advice of legal counsel, the Shares acquired by Dealer for the purpose of effecting a commercially reasonable hedge of its obligations pursuant to the Transaction (the HedgeShares) cannot be sold in the U.S. public market by Dealer without registration under the Securities Act, Counterparty shall, at its election: (i) in order to allow Dealer to sell the Hedge Shares in a registered offering, make available to Dealer an effective registration statement under the Securities Act to cover the resale of such Hedge Shares and (A) enter into an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Dealer, substantially in the form of an underwriting agreement for a registered offering for companies of a similar size in a similar industry, (B) provide accountants comfort letters in customary form for registered offerings of equity securities for companies of a similar size in a similar industry, (C) provide disclosure opinions of nationally recognized outside counsel to Counterparty in customary form for registered offerings of equity securities for companies of a similar size in a similar industry, (D) provide other customary opinions, certificates and closing documents customary in form for registered offerings of equity securities for companies of a similar size in a similar industry and (E) afford Dealer a reasonable opportunity to conduct a due diligence investigation with respect to Counterparty customary in scope for underwritten offerings of equity securities for companies of a similar size in a similar industry (provided, however, that, if Counterparty elects clause (i) above but Dealer, in its commercially reasonable discretion, is not satisfied with access to due diligence materials, the results of its due diligence investigation, or the procedures and documentation for the registered offering referred to above, then clause (ii) or clause (iii) of this Section 8(d) shall apply at the election of Counterparty); (ii) in order to allow Dealer to sell the Hedge Shares in a private placement, enter into a private placement agreement substantially similar to private placement purchase agreements customary for private placements of equity securities of companies of a similar size in a similar industry, in form and substance commercially reasonably satisfactory to Dealer using best efforts to include customary representations, covenants, blue sky and other governmental filings and/or registrations, indemnities to Dealer, due diligence rights (for Dealer or any designated buyer of the Hedge Shares from Dealer), opinions and certificates and such other documentation as is customary for private placements agreements of equity securities of companies of a similar size in a similar industry, as is reasonably acceptable to Dealer (in which case, the Calculation Agent shall make any adjustments to the terms of the Transaction that are necessary, in its good faith and commercially reasonable judgment, to compensate Dealer for any customary liquidity discount from the public market price of the Shares incurred on the sale of Hedge Shares in a private placement); or (iii) purchase the Hedge Shares from Dealer at the then-current market price on such Exchange Business Days, and in the amounts and at such time(s), commercially reasonably requested by Dealer. This Section 8(d) shall survive the termination, expiration or early unwind of the Transaction. 

(e)Repurchase Notices. Counterparty shall, at least one Scheduled Valid Day prior to any day on which Counterparty intends to effect any repurchase of Shares, give Dealer written notice of such repurchase (a Repurchase Notice) on such day if, following such repurchase, the Notice Percentage would reasonably be expected to be (i) greater than [__]7% and (ii) greater by 0.5% or more than the Notice Percentage included in the immediately preceding Repurchase Notice (or, in the case of the first such Repurchase Notice, greater than the Notice Pe

7 To be 0.5% higher than (i) the number of Shares underlying all capped call transactions (including any additional capped call transactions and any existing capped call transactions) of the Dealer in this Transaction with highest aggregate number of underlying Shares, divided by (ii) total Shares outstanding on the Trade Date.

rcentage as of the date hereof); provided that, in the case of any repurchases of Shares pursuant to a plan under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, Counterparty may elect to satisfy such requirement by promptly giving Dealer written notice of entry into such plan, the maximum number of Shares that may be purchased thereunder and the approximate dates or periods during which such repurchases may occur (with such maximum number of Shares deemed repurchased on the date of such notice for purposes of this Section 8(e)). [Solely if Counterparty is required to deliver repurchase notices under any other agreements between Counterparty and Dealer entered into prior to the date hereof, which repurchase notices are similar in nature to the Repurchase Notices herein except with respect to thresholds described in clauses (i) and (ii) above, such requirements to deliver repurchase notices under such prior agreements shall be superseded by the requirement to deliver Repurchase Notices in the foregoing sentence.]8 The Notice Percentage as of any day is the fraction, expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the Number of Shares plus the number of Shares underlying any other capped call transactions sold by Dealer to Counterparty and the denominator of which is the number of Shares outstanding on such day. In the event that Counterparty fails to provide Dealer with a Repurchase Notice on the day and in the manner specified in this Section 8(e) then Counterparty agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Dealer, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and controlling persons (Dealer and each such person being an Indemnified Party) from and against any and all losses (including losses relating to Dealers commercially reasonable hedging activities as a consequence of becoming, or of the risk of becoming, a Section 16 insider, including without limitation, any forbearance from hedging activities or cessation of hedging activities and any losses in connection therewith with respect to the Transaction), claims, damages and liabilities (or actions in respect thereof), joint or several, to which such Indemnified Party may become subject under applicable securities laws, including without limitation, Section 16 of the Exchange Act or under any U.S. state or federal law, regulation or regulatory order, in each case relating to or arising out of such failure. If for any reason the foregoing indemnification is unavailable to any Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold harmless any Indemnified Party, then Counterparty shall contribute, to the maximum extent permitted by law, to the amount paid or payable by the Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability. In addition, Counterparty will reimburse any Indemnified Party for all reasonable expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) as they are incurred (after notice to Counterparty) in connection with the investigation of, preparation for or defense or settlement of any pending or threatened claim or any action, suit or proceeding arising therefrom, whether or not such Indemnified Party is a party thereto and whether or not such claim, action, suit or proceeding is initiated or brought by or on behalf of Counterparty, in each case relating to or arising out of such failure. In addition, Counterparty shall not have liability for any settlement of any proceeding contemplated by this paragraph that is effected without its written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, Counterparty agrees to indemnify any Indemnified Person from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. This indemnity shall survive the completion of the Transaction contemplated by this Confirmation and any assignment and delegation of the Transaction made pursuant to this Confirmation or the Agreement and shall inure to the benefit of any permitted assignee of Dealer. 

(f)Transfer and Assignment. (i) Dealer may transfer or assign any of its rights or obligations under the Transaction with the prior written consent of Counterparty, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided that Dealer may transfer or assign without any consent of Counterparty its rights and obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, to (A) any affiliate of Dealer whose obligations would be guaranteed by Dealer [or Dealers ultimate parent]9 or (B) any person (including any affiliate of Dealer whose obligations are not guaranteed in the manner described in clause (A)) or any person whose obligations would be guaranteed by a person (a Designated Transferee), in either case under this clause (B), with a rating for its long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness at least equivalent to Dealers (or its guarantors) at the time of such transfer or assignment; provided, however, that, in the case of this clause (B), in no event shall the credit rating of the Designated Transferee or its guarantor (whichever is higher) be lower than A3 from Moodys Investor Service, Inc. or its successor or A- from Standard and Poors Rating Group, Inc. or its successor at the time of such transfer or assignment; providedfurther that (i) Dealer will notify Counterparty in writing prior to any proposed transfer or assignment to a Designated Transferee, (ii) both the Dealer and transferee in any such transfer or assignment are a dealer i

8 Include if Dealer is a party to the existing call spreads. 

9 Include if applicable.

n securities within the meaning of Section 475(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or the transfer or assignment does not result in a deemed exchange for Counterparty within the meaning of Section 1001 of the Code, (iii) after any such transfer or assignment, except to the extent such different amount results from a change in law that occurred after the date of such transfer or assignment, Counterparty will not be required to (A) pay or deliver to the transferee or assignee of such rights or obligations on any payment date or delivery date an amount under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement greater than the amount, if any, that Counterparty would have been required to pay Dealer in the absence of such transfer or assignment or (B) receive from such transferee or assignee of such rights or obligations on any payment date or delivery date an amount or number of Shares, as applicable, less than the amount or number of Shares, as applicable, that Counterparty would have received (after taking into account any amounts paid or delivered under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement, and any applicable withholding) from Dealer in the absence of such transfer or assignment, and (iv) Dealer shall cause the transferee or assignee to make such Payee Tax Representations and provide Counterparty with such tax documentation as may reasonably be requested by Counterparty, including a complete and accurate U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or W-8 (as applicable), prior to becoming a party to the Transaction to permit Counterparty to make any necessary determinations pursuant to clauses (ii) and (iii) of this proviso. If at any time at which (1) the Equity Percentage exceeds 8.0% or (2) Dealer, Dealer Group (as defined below) or any person whose ownership position would be aggregated with that of Dealer or Dealer Group (Dealer, Dealer Group or any such person, a Dealer Person) under Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law or other federal, state or local law, rule, regulation or regulatory order or organizational documents or contracts of Counterparty applicable to ownership of Shares (Applicable Restrictions), owns, beneficially owns, constructively owns, controls, holds the power to vote or otherwise meets a relevant definition of ownership in excess of a number of Shares equal to (x) the number of Shares that would give rise to reporting, registration, filing or notification obligations or other requirements (including obtaining prior approval by a state or federal regulator) of a Dealer Person under Applicable Restrictions and with respect to which such requirements have not been met or the relevant approval has not been received, or could result in an adverse effect on a Dealer Person, under any Applicable Restriction, as determined by Dealer in its reasonable discretion, minus (y) 1% of the number of Shares outstanding on the date of determination (either such condition described in clause (1) or (2), an Excess Ownership Position), if Dealer, in its reasonable discretion, is unable to effect a transfer or assignment to a third party in accordance with the requirements set forth above after its commercially reasonable efforts on pricing and terms and within a time period reasonably acceptable to Dealer such that an Excess Ownership Position no longer exists, Dealer may designate any Scheduled Valid Day as an Early Termination Date with respect to a portion (the Terminated Portion) of the Transaction, such that an Excess Ownership Position no longer exists following such partial termination. In the event that Dealer so designates an Early Termination Date with respect to a portion of the Transaction, a payment or delivery shall be made pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement and Section 8(c) of this Confirmation as if (i) an Early Termination Date had been designated in respect of a Transaction having terms identical to the Terminated Portion of the Transaction, (ii) Counterparty were the sole Affected Party with respect to such partial termination, (iii) such portion of the Transaction were the only Terminated Transaction and (iv) Dealer were the party entitled to designate an Early Termination Date pursuant to Section 6(b) of the Agreement and to determine the amount payable pursuant to Section 6(e) of the Agreement. The Equity Percentage as of any day is the fraction, expressed as a percentage, (A) the numerator of which is the number of Shares that Dealer and any of its affiliates or any other person subject to aggregation with Dealer for purposes of the beneficial ownership test under Section 13 of the Exchange Act, or any group (within the meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act) of which Dealer is or may be deemed to be a part (collectively, Dealer Group) beneficially owns (within the meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act), without duplication, on such day (or, to the extent that for any reason the equivalent calculation under Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder results in a higher number, such higher number) and (B) the denominator of which is the number of Shares outstanding on such day.

(ii) Counterparty may transfer or assign any of its rights or obligations under the Transaction with the prior written consent of Dealer, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. In the case of a transfer or assignment by Counterparty of its rights and obligations hereunder and under the Agreement, in whole or in part (any such Options so transferred or assigned, the Transfer Options), to any party, withholding of such consent by Dealer shall not be considered unreasonable if such transfer or assignment does not meet the reasonable conditions that Dealer may impose including, but not limited to, the following conditions: 

(A)With respect to any Transfer Options, Counterparty shall not be released from its notice and indemnification obligations pursuant to Section 8(e) or any obligations under Section 2 (regarding Extraordinary Events) or 8(d) of this Confirmation; 

(B)Any Transfer Options shall only be transferred or assigned to a third party that is a U.S. person (as defined in the Code); 

(C)Such transfer or assignment shall be effected on terms, including any reasonable undertakings by such third party (including, but not limited to, undertakings with respect to compliance with applicable securities laws in a manner that, in the reasonable judgment of Dealer, will not expose Dealer to material risks under applicable securities laws) and execution of any documentation and delivery of customary legal opinions with respect to securities laws and other matters by such third party and Counterparty as are reasonably requested by and reasonably satisfactory to Dealer; 

(D)Dealer will not, after such transfer or assignment, be required to (i) pay or deliver to the transferee or assignee on any payment or delivery date an amount under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement greater than an amount that Dealer would have been required to pay or deliver to Counterparty in the absence of such transfer or assignment or (ii) receive from the transferee or assignee an amount (after taking into account any amounts paid by the transferee or assignee under Section 2(d)(i)(4) of the Agreement, reduced by any withholding) less than the amount that Dealer would have received from the Counterparty in the absence of such transfer or assignment (except to the extent such different amount results from a change in law that occurred after the date of such transfer or assignment);

(E)An Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Termination Event will not occur as a result of such transfer and assignment; 

(F)Without limiting the generality of clause (B), Counterparty shall have caused the transferee or assignee to make such Payee Tax Representations and to provide such tax documentation as may be reasonably requested by Dealer to permit Dealer to determine that the requirement described in clause (B) has been satisfied and the results described in clause (D) will not occur upon or after such transfer or assignment; and

(G)Counterparty shall be responsible for all reasonable costs and expenses, including reasonable counsel fees, incurred by Dealer in connection with such transfer or assignment.

(iii) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Confirmation to the contrary requiring or allowing Dealer to purchase, sell, receive or deliver any Shares or other securities, or make or receive any payment in cash, to or from Counterparty, Dealer may designate any of its affiliates to purchase, sell, receive or deliver such Shares or other securities, or to make or receive such payment in cash, and otherwise to perform Dealers obligations in respect of the Transaction and any such designee may assume such obligations. Dealer shall be discharged of its obligations to Counterparty to the extent of any such performance.

(g)Staggered Settlement. If Dealer determines reasonably and in good faith that the number of Shares required to be delivered to Counterparty hereunder on the Settlement Date would result in an Excess Ownership Position, then Dealer may, by notice to Counterparty prior to the Settlement Date (a Nominal Settlement Date), elect to deliver any Shares due to be delivered on two or more dates (each, a Staggered Settlement Date) or at two or more times on the Nominal Settlement Date as follows: 

(i)in such notice, Dealer will specify to Counterparty the related Staggered Settlement Dates (each of which will be on or prior to the 20th Exchange Business Day after such Nominal Settlement Date) or delivery times and how it will allocate the Shares it is required to deliver hereunder on the Settlement Date among the Staggered Settlement Dates or delivery times; and 

(ii)the aggregate number of Shares that Dealer will deliver to Counterparty hereunder on all such Staggered Settlement Dates and delivery times will equal the number of Shares that Dealer would otherwise be required to deliver on such Nominal Settlement Date; provided that in no event shall any Staggered Settlement Date be a date later than the Final Termination Date.

(h)Disclosure. Effective from the date of commencement of discussions concerning the Transaction, Counterparty and each of its employees, representatives, or other agents may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the Transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to Counterparty relating to such tax treatment and tax structure.

(i)No Netting and Set-off. The provisions of Section 2(c) of the Agreement shall not apply to the Transaction. Each party waives any and all rights it may have to set-off delivery or payment obligations it owes to the other party under the Transaction against any delivery or payment obligations owed to it by the other party, whether arising under the Agreement, under any other agreement between parties hereto, by operation of law or otherwise. 

(j)Equity Rights. Dealer acknowledges and agrees that this Confirmation is not intended to convey to it rights with respect to the Transaction that are senior to the claims of common stockholders in the event of Counterpartys bankruptcy. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that the preceding sentence shall not apply at any time other than during Counterpartys bankruptcy to any claim arising as a result of a breach by Counterparty of any of its obligations under this Confirmation or the Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge that the obligations of Counterparty under this Confirmation are not secured by any collateral that would otherwise secure the obligations of Counterparty herein under or pursuant to any other agreement.

(k)Early Unwind. In the event the sale of the [Firm Securities]10[Optional Securities]11 (as defined in the Purchase Agreement, dated as of [____], 2025, among BofA Securities, Inc. and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as representatives of the several initial purchasers thereto, and Counterparty (the Purchase Agreement)) is not consummated pursuant to the Purchase Agreement for any reason by the close of business in the Premium Payment Date (or such later date as agreed upon by the parties which in no event shall be later than the second Scheduled Valid Day following the Premium Payment Date) (such date or such later date as agreed upon being the Accelerated Unwind Date), the Transaction shall automatically terminate on the Accelerated Unwind Date and (i) the Transaction and all of the respective rights and obligations of Dealer and Counterparty under the Transaction shall be cancelled and terminated and (ii) each party shall be released and discharged by the other party from and agrees not to make any claim against the other party with respect to any obligations or liabilities of the other party arising out of and to be performed in connection with the Transaction either prior to or after the Accelerated Unwind Date.

(l)Illegality. The parties agree that, for the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of Section 5(b)(i) of the Agreement, any applicable law shall include the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, any rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and any similar law or regulation, without regard to Section 739 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 or any similar legal certainty provision in any legislation enacted, or rule or regulation promulgated, on or after the Trade Date, and the consequences specified in the Agreement, including without limitation, the consequences specified in Section 6 of the Agreement, shall apply to any Illegality arising from any such act, rule or regulation.

(m)Amendments to Equity Definitions. The following amendments shall be made to the Equity Definitions: 

(i)solely for purposes of applying the Equity Definitions and for purposes of this Confirmation, any reference in the Equity Definitions to a Strike Price shall be deemed to be a reference to either of the Strike Price or the Cap Price, or both, as appropriate;

(ii)for the purpose of any adjustment under Section 11.2(c) of the Equity Definitions, the first sentence of Section 11.2(c) of the Equity Definitions, prior to clause (A) thereof, is hereby amended to read as follows: If Calculation Agent Adjustment is specified as the Method of Adjustment in the related Confirmation of a Share Option Transaction, then following the announcement or occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has, in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Calculation Agent, a material economic effect on the 

10 Include for base capped call transaction

11 Include for additional capped call transaction

theoretical value of the relevant Shares or options on the Shares (provided that such event is not based on (x) an observable market, other than the market for Counterpartys own stock or (y) an observable index, other than an index calculated and measured solely by reference to Counterpartys own operations) and, if so, will (i) make appropriate adjustment(s), if any, determined in a commercially reasonable manner, to any one or more of:, and the portion of such sentence immediately preceding clause (ii) thereof is hereby amended by deleting the words diluting or concentrative and the words (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Shares) and replacing such latter phrase with the words (provided that, solely in the case of Sections 11.2(e)(i), (ii)(A) and (iv), no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Shares but, for the avoidance of doubt, solely in the case of Sections 11.2(e)(ii)(B) through (D), (iii), (v), (vi) and (vii), adjustments may be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Shares); 

(iii)Section 11.2(a) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by (1) deleting the words in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect and replacing these words with in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Calculation Agent, a material economic effect; and (2) adding at the end thereof ; provided that such event is not based on (i) an observable market, other than the market for Counterpartys own stock or (ii) an observable index, other than an index calculated and measured solely by reference to Counterpartys own operations; 

(iv)Section 11.2(e)(vii) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended and restated as follows: any other corporate event involving the Issuer that in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Calculation Agent has a material economic effect on the theoretical value of the Shares or options on the Shares; provided that such corporate event involving the Issuer is not based on (a) an observable market, other than the market for Counterpartys own stock or (b) an observable index, other than an index calculated and measured solely by reference to Counterpartys own operations.; 

(v)Section 12.7(b) of the Equity Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words (and in any event within five Exchange Business Days) by the parties after appearing after the words agreed promptly and replacing with the words by the parties on or prior to; and

(vi)Extraordinary Dividend (as such term is used in the Equity Definitions) means any cash dividend on the Shares.

(n)Governing Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction. 

(i)THE AGREEMENT, THIS CONFIRMATION AND ALL MATTERS ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THE AGREEMENT AND THIS CONFIRMATION SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CHOICE OF LAW DOCTRINE, OTHER THAN TITLE 14 OF ARTICLE 5 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW).

(ii)Section 13(b) of the Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:

Each party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits for itself and its property in any suit, legal action or proceeding relating to this Confirmation or the Agreement, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, (each, Proceedings) to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York, sitting in New York County, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New York and appellate courts from any thereof. Nothing in this Confirmation or the Agreement precludes either party from bringing Proceedings in any other jurisdiction if (A) the courts of the State of New York or the United States of America for the Southern District of New York lack jurisdiction over the parties or the subject matter of the Proceedings or decline to accept the Proceedings on the grounds of lacking such jurisdiction; (B) the Proceedings are commenced by a party for the purpose of enforcing against the other partys property, assets or estate any decision or judgment rendered by any court in which 

Proceedings may be brought as provided hereunder; (C) the Proceedings are commenced to appeal any such courts decision or judgment to any higher court with competent appellate jurisdiction over that courts decisions or judgments if that higher court is located outside the State of New York or Borough of Manhattan, such as a federal court of appeals or the U.S. Supreme Court; or (D) any suit, action or proceeding has been commenced in another jurisdiction by or against the other party or against its property, assets or estate and, in order to exercise or protect its rights, interests or remedies under this Confirmation or the Agreement, the party (1) joins, files a claim, or takes any other action, in any such suit, action or proceeding, or (2) otherwise commences any Proceeding in that other jurisdiction as the result of that other suit, action or proceeding having commenced in that other jurisdiction.

(o)Adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, whenever the Calculation Agent or Determining Party is called upon to make any calculation, determination or adjustment pursuant to the terms of this Confirmation or the Equity Definitions to take into account the effect of an event, the Calculation Agent or Determining Party shall make such calculation, determination or adjustment by reference to the effect of such event on the Hedging Party, assuming that the Hedging Party maintains a commercially reasonable hedge position.

(p)Delivery or Receipt of Cash. For the avoidance of doubt, other than payment of the Premium by Counterparty, nothing in this Confirmation shall be interpreted as requiring Counterparty to cash settle the Transaction, except in circumstances where cash settlement is within Counterpartys control (including, without limitation, where Counterparty elects to deliver or receive cash) or in those circumstances in which all holders of Shares would also receive cash.

(q)Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE AGREEMENT, THIS CONFIRMATION OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

(r)Amendment. This Confirmation and the Agreement may not be modified, amended or supplemented, except in a written instrument signed by Counterparty and Dealer.

(s)Counterparts. This Confirmation may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page by electronic transmission (e.g., pdf or tif), or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000, Uniform Electronic Transactions Act or other applicable law (e.g., www.docusign.com) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof.

(t)Payee Tax Representations.

(i)For the purpose of Section 3(f) of the Agreement, Counterparty makes the following representation to Dealer: 

Counterparty is a U.S. person (as that term is used in section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes and exempt within the meaning of sections 1.6041-3(p) and 1.6049-4(c) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations from information reporting on U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 and backup withholding.

(ii)For the purpose of Section 3(f) of the Agreement, Dealer makes the following representations to Counterparty:

[To come]12

(u)Tax Matters. For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii) of the Agreement, Counterparty agrees to deliver to Dealer one duly executed and completed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or successor thereto) [and Dealer agrees to deliver to Counterparty a U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8 or Form W-9 (or 

12To be updated as appropriate for Dealer.

successor thereto)]13. Such forms or documents shall be delivered upon (i) execution of this Confirmation, (ii) reasonable request of the other party and (iii) Counterparty or Dealer, as applicable, learning that any such form has become obsolete or incorrect.

(v)Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. Indemnifiable Tax, as defined in Section 14 of the Agreement, shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of the Agreement. 

(w)HIRE Act. Indemnifiable Tax, as defined in Section 14 of the Agreement, shall not include any tax imposed on payments treated as dividends from sources within the United States under Section 871(m) of the Code or any regulations issued thereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, any such tax imposed under Section 871(m) of the Code is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of the Agreement.

(x)[Insert QFC Language, If Applicable.]

(y)CARES Act. Counterparty represents and warrants that it and any of its subsidiaries has not applied, and shall not, until after the first date on which no portion of the Transaction remains outstanding following any final exercise and settlement, cancellation or early termination of the Transaction, apply, for a loan, loan guarantee, direct loan (as that term is defined in the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act)) or other investment, or to receive any financial assistance or relief under any program or facility (collectively Financial Assistance) that (a) is established under applicable law (whether in existence as of the Trade Date or subsequently enacted, adopted or amended), including without limitation the CARES Act and the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, and (b) (i) requires under applicable law (or any regulation, guidance, interpretation or other pronouncement of a governmental authority with jurisdiction for such program or facility) as a condition of such Financial Assistance, that Counterparty comply with any requirement not to, or otherwise agree, attest, certify or warrant that it has not, as of the date specified in such condition, repurchased, or will not repurchase, any equity security of Counterparty, and that Counterparty has not, as of the date specified in the condition, made a capital distribution or will not make a capital distribution, or (ii) where the terms of the Transaction would cause Counterparty to fail to satisfy any condition for application for or receipt or retention of the Financial Assistance (collectively Restricted Financial Assistance); provided that Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries may apply for Restricted Financial Assistance if Counterparty either (a) determines based on the advice of outside counsel of national standing that the terms of the Transaction would not cause Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries to fail to satisfy any condition for application for or receipt or retention of such Financial Assistance based on the terms of the program or facility as of the date of such advice or (b) delivers to Dealer evidence or other guidance from a governmental authority with jurisdiction for such program or facility that the Transaction is permitted under such program or facility (either by specific reference to the Transaction or by general reference to transactions with the attributes of the Transaction in all relevant respects). Counterparty further represents and warrants that the Premium is not being paid, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with funds received under or pursuant to any program or facility, including the U.S. Small Business Administrations Paycheck Protection Program, that (a) is established under applicable law, including without limitation the CARES Act and the Federal Reserve Act, as amended, and (b) requires under such applicable law (or any regulation, guidance, interpretation or other pronouncement of a governmental authority with jurisdiction for such program or facility) that such funds be used for specified or enumerated purposes that do not include the purchase of the Transaction (either by specific reference to the Transaction or by general reference to transactions with the attributes of the Transaction in all relevant respects).

(z)[Insert additional Dealer boilerplate, if applicable.]

13To be updated as appropriate for Dealer.

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement by executing this Confirmation and returning it to Dealer.

Yours faithfully

[DEALER]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Agreed and Accepted By: 

UNITY SOFTWARE INC. 

By: 

Name: Name: 

Title: Title: 

[Schedule 1]

[Form of Guarantee]

Annex A

For each Component of the Transaction, the Number of Options and Expiration Date is set forth below. 

Component Number Number of Options Expiration Date

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

9 

10 

11 

12 

13 

14 

15 

16 

17 

18 

19 

20 

21 

22 

23 

24 

25 

26 

27 

28 

29 

30 

31 

32 

33 

34 

35 

36 

37 

38 

39 

40
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exhibit991-launchpr.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 99.1

Unity Announces Proposed $500.0 MillionOffering ofConvertible Senior Notes

February 24, 2025

SAN FRANCISCO -- Unity Software Inc. (Unity) (NYSE: U), the leading platform to create and grow games and interactive experiences, today announced its intent to offer, subject to market conditions and other factors, $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes) in a private placement (the Offering) to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Unity also intends to grant the initial purchasers of the Notes an option to purchase, within a 13-day period beginning on, and including, the date on which the Notes are first issued, up to an additional $75.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes.

The Notes will be general unsecured obligations of Unity and will accrue interest payable semiannually in arrears. Upon conversion, Unity will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of Unitys common stock or a combination of cash and shares of Unitys common stock, at its election. The interest rate, initial conversion rate and other terms of the Notes will be determined at the time of pricing of the Offering.

Unity expects to use the net proceeds from the Offering to pay the cost of the capped call transactions described below and, together with cash on hand, if necessary, to repurchase for cash approximately, subject to market conditions, $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes) in the Note Repurchase Transactions (as described below). If the initial purchasers exercise their option to purchase additional Notes, Unity expects to use a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the additional Notes to enter into additional capped call transactions. Unity expects to use any remaining net proceeds from the Offering for general corporate purposes, which may include additional repurchases of the 2026 Notes from time to time following the Offering, and acquisitions or strategic investments in complementary businesses or technologies (although Unity does not currently have any plans for any such acquisitions or investments), working capital, operating expenses and capital expenditures. 

In connection with the pricing of the Notes, Unity expects to enter into capped call transactions with one or more of the initial purchasers or affiliates thereof and/or other financial institutions (the Option Counterparties). The capped call transactions will cover, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of Unitys common stock initially underlying the Notes. The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to Unitys common stock upon any conversion of Notes and/or offset any cash payments Unity is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap.

In connection with establishing their initial hedges of the capped call transactions, Unity expects the Option Counterparties or their respective affiliates will enter into various derivative transactions with respect to Unitys common stock and/or purchase shares of Unitys common stock concurrently with or shortly after the pricing of the Notes, including with, or from, as the case may be, certain investors in the Notes. This activity could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the market price of Unitys common stock or the Notes at that time.

In addition, the Option Counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to Unitys common stock and/or purchasing or selling Unitys common stock or other securities of Unity in secondary market transactions following the pricing of the Notes and prior to the maturity date of the Notes (and are likely to do so during the 40 trading day period beginning on the 41st scheduled trading day prior to the maturity date of the Notes, or, to the extent Unity exercises the relevant election under the capped call transactions, following any repurchase, redemption or conversion of the Notes). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of Unitys common stock or the Notes which could affect a noteholders ability to convert the Notes and, to the extent the activity occurs during any observation period related to a 

conversion of Notes, it could affect the number of shares, if any, and value of the consideration that a noteholder will receive upon conversion of its Notes.

In addition, Unity expects to use a portion of the net proceeds from the offering together with cash on hand, if necessary, to repurchase for cash approximately, subject to market conditions, $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes concurrently with the pricing of the offering in privately negotiated transactions effected through one of the initial purchasers or one of its affiliates (each, a Note Repurchase Transaction). The terms of each Note Repurchase Transaction will depend on a variety of factors, and each Note Repurchase Transaction will be subject to closing conditions that may not be consummated. No assurance can be given as to how many, if any, of the 2026 Notes will be repurchased or the terms on which they will be repurchased. This press release is not an offer to repurchase the 2026 Notes, and the offering of the Notes is not contingent upon the repurchase of the 2026 Notes.

In connection with any Note Repurchase Transaction, Unity expects that holders of the 2026 Notes who agree to have their 2026 Notes repurchased and who have hedged their equity price risk with respect to such Notes (the Hedged Holders) will unwind all or part of their hedge positions by buying Unitys common stock and/or entering into or unwinding various derivative transactions with respect to Unitys common stock. The amount of Unitys common stock to be purchased by the Hedged Holders or the notional number of shares of Unitys common stock underlying such derivative transactions may be substantial in relation to the historic average daily trading volume of Unitys common stock. This activity by the Hedged Holders could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the market price of Unitys common stock, including concurrently with the pricing of the Notes, resulting in a higher effective conversion price for the Notes. Unity cannot predict the magnitude of such market activity or the overall effect it will have on the price of the Notes offered hereby or its common stock. 

The Notes and any shares of Unitys common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, any state securities laws or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, and unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and other applicable securities laws.

This press release is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification thereof under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties regarding, among other things, the proposed Offering, including statements concerning the proposed terms and size, and the anticipated completion and timing, of the Notes, the capped call transactions, the Note Repurchase Transactions and any unwind transactions; the anticipated use of proceeds from the proposed Offering; and the potential impact of the forgoing or related transactions on dilution to holders of Unitys common stock, the market price of our common stock or the trading price of the Notes or the conversion price of the Notes. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual events to differ materially from Unitys plans. These risks include, but are not limited to, market risks, trends and conditions, and those risks included in the section titled Risk Factors in Unitys Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and other filings that Unity makes from time to time with the SEC, which are available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on which they were made. Unity undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made.

Unity PR Contact: 

Julianne Whitelaw

UnityComms@unity3d.com

Source: Unity
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exhibit992-pricingpr.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2
<TEXT>
Document

Exhibit 99.2

Unity Announces Pricing of Upsized $600.0 Million Offering of Convertible Senior Notes

February 24, 2025

SAN FRANCISCO -- Unity Software Inc. (Unity) (NYSE: U), the leading platform to create and grow games and interactive experiences, today announced the pricing of $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the Notes) in a private placement (the Offering) to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The aggregate principal amount of the Offering was increased from the previously announced offering size of $500.0 million. 

Unity also granted the initial purchasers of the Notes an option to purchase, within a 13-day period beginning on, and including, the date on which the Notes are first issued, up to an additional $90.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes. The sale of the Notes to the initial purchasers is expected to close on February 27, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions.

The Notes will be general unsecured obligations of Unity and will not bear regular interest, and the principal amount of the Notes will not accrete. The Notes will mature on March 15, 2030, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased.

Unity estimates that the net proceeds from the Offering will be approximately $586.8 million (or approximately $675.0 million if the initial purchasers exercise their option to purchase additional Notes in full), after deducting the initial purchasers discounts and commissions and estimated Offering expenses payable by Unity. Unity expects to use approximately $38.6 million of the net proceeds from the Offering to pay the cost of the capped call transactions described below and the remaining net proceeds, together with cash on hand, to repurchase for approximately $600.0 million in cash approximately $644.3 million in aggregate principal amount of its 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes) in the Note Repurchase Transactions (as described below). If the initial purchasers exercise their option to purchase additional Notes, Unity expects to use a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the additional Notes to enter into additional capped call transactions and the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include additional repurchases of the 2026 Notes from time to time following the Offering, and acquisitions or strategic investments in complementary businesses or technologies (although Unity does not currently have any plans for any such acquisitions or investments), working capital, operating expenses and capital expenditures.

The Notes will be convertible at the option of the holders in certain circumstances. Upon conversion, Unity will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of Unitys common stock or a combination of cash and shares of Unitys common stock, at its election. The initial conversion rate is 27.6656 shares of Unitys common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $36.15 per share of Unitys common stock, which represents a conversion premium of approximately 32.5% to the last reported sale price of Unitys common stock on The New York Stock Exchange on February 24, 2025), and will be subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments.

Unity may not redeem the Notes prior to March 20, 2028. Unity may redeem for cash all or any portion of the Notes, at its option, on or after March 20, 2028 if the last reported sale price of Unitys common stock has been at least 130% of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which Unity provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. If Unity redeems less than all of the outstanding Notes, at least $100.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes must be outstanding and not subject to redemption as of, and after giving effect to, delivery of the relevant redemption notice.

If Unity undergoes a fundamental change, then, subject to certain conditions and limited exceptions, holders may require Unity to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their Notes in principal amounts of $1,000 or an integral multiple thereof at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date of the Notes or if Unity delivers a notice of redemption, Unity will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate of the Notes for a holder who elects to convert its Notes in connection with such a corporate event or convert its Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption during the related redemption period, as the case may be.

In connection with the pricing of the Notes, Unity entered into capped call transactions with certain of the initial purchasers or their respective affiliates and other financial institutions (the Option Counterparties). The capped call transactions cover, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of Unitys common stock initially underlying the Notes. The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to Unitys common stock upon any conversion of Notes and/or offset any cash payments Unity is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap.

The cap price of the capped call transactions relating to the Notes will initially be $47.74, which represents a premium of 75% over the last report sale price of Unitys common stock on The New York Stock Exchange on February 24, 2025, and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the capped call transactions.

In connection with establishing their initial hedges of the capped call transactions, Unity expects the Option Counterparties or their respective affiliates will enter into various derivative transactions with respect to Unitys common stock and/or purchase shares of Unitys common stock concurrently with or shortly after the pricing of the Notes, including with, or from, as the case may be, certain investors in the Notes. This activity could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the market price of Unitys common stock or the Notes at that time.

In addition, the Option Counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to Unitys common stock and/or purchasing or selling Unitys common stock or other securities of Unity in secondary market transactions following the pricing of the Notes and prior to the maturity date of the Notes (and are likely to do so during the 40 trading day period beginning on the 41st scheduled trading day prior to the maturity date of the Notes, or, to the extent Unity exercises the relevant election under the capped call transactions, following any repurchase, redemption or conversion of the Notes). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of Unitys common stock or the Notes which could affect a noteholders ability to convert the Notes and, to the extent the activity occurs during any observation period related to a conversion of Notes, this could affect the number of shares, if any, and value of the consideration that a noteholder will receive upon conversion of its Notes.

Concurrently with the pricing of the notes in the Offering, Unity entered into privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of the 2026 Notes to repurchase, for approximately $600.0 million in cash, approximately $644.3 million aggregate principal amount of its 2026 Notes on terms negotiated with each holder of 2026 Notes repurchased and effected through one of the initial purchasers or one of its affiliates (each, a Note Repurchase Transaction). The Offering of the Notes is not contingent upon the repurchase of the 2026 Notes.

In connection with any Note Repurchase Transaction, Unity expects that holders of the 2026 Notes who agree to have their 2026 Notes repurchased and who have hedged their equity price risk with respect to such Notes (the Hedged Holders) will unwind all or part of their hedge positions by buying Unitys common stock and/or entering into or unwinding various derivative transactions with respect to Unitys common stock. The amount of Unitys common stock to be purchased by the Hedged Holders or the notional amount of shares of Unitys common stock underlying such derivative transactions may be substantial in relation to the historic average daily trading volume of Unitys common stock. This activity by the Hedged Holders could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the market price of Unitys 

common stock, including concurrently with the pricing of the Notes, which could have resulted in a higher effective conversion price for the Notes. Unity cannot predict the magnitude of such market activity or the overall effect it will have on the price of the Notes offered hereby or its common stock.

The notes were only offered to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act by means of a private offering memorandum. The Notes and any shares of Unitys common stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, any state securities laws or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, and unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and other applicable securities laws.

This press release is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification thereof under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties regarding, among other things, the proposed Offering, including statements concerning the anticipated completion and timing of the Notes, the capped call transactions, the Note Repurchase Transactions and any unwind transactions; the anticipated use of proceeds from the proposed Offering; and the potential impact of the forgoing or related transactions on dilution to holders of Unitys common stock, the market price of our common stock or the trading price of the Notes. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual events to differ materially from Unitys plans. These risks include, but are not limited to, market risks, trends and conditions, and those risks included in the section titled Risk Factors in Unitys Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and other filings that Unity makes from time to time with the SEC, which are available on the SECs website at www.sec.gov. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on which they were made. Unity undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made.

Unity PR Contact: 

Julianne Whitelaw

UnityComms@unity3d.com

Source: Unity
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>unity-20250224.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>unity-20250224_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(b) Security 
Title of 12(b) Security 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 
Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 
Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>unity-20250224_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>formulaa.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>picture1a.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>picture2-formulaxa.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>picture3-formulaa.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>picture4-formulaa.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover Page

Feb. 24, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 24, 2025

Entity Registrant Name UNITY SOFTWARE INC.

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity File Number 001-39497

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-0334803

Entity Address, Address Line One 116 New Montgomery Street

Entity Address, City or Town San Francisco

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 94105-3607

City Area Code 415

Local Phone Number 638-9950

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, $0.000005 par value

Trading Symbol U

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001810806

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
0000001 - Document - Cover Page 
Sheet 
http://unity.com/role/CoverPage 
Cover Page 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

unity-20250224.htm 
unity-20250224.xsd 
unity-20250224_lab.xml 
unity-20250224_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>23
<FILENAME>0001810806-25-000042-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>24
<FILENAME>unity-20250224_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001810806 

2025-02-24 
2025-02-24 

false 
0001810806 
8-K 
2025-02-24 
UNITY SOFTWARE INC. 
DE 
001-39497 
27-0334803 
116 New Montgomery Street 
San Francisco 
CA 
94105-3607 
415 
638-9950 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, $0.000005 par value 
U 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>