<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-000574.txt : 20250103
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-000574.hdr.sgml : 20250103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250103104155
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-000574
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241227
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Franklin BSP Capital Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001825248
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01360
		FILM NUMBER:		25504215

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1600
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 588-6700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1600
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Franklin BSP Capital L.L.C.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200917
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0226348-8k_frank.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000182524800018252482024-12-272024-12-27iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
December 27, 2024

Franklin BSP Capital Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
charter)

Delaware 814-01360 85-2950084

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) 

(Commission File Number) 

(IRS Employer

Identification No.)

One Madison Avenue, Suite 1600

New York, New York 

10010

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (212) 588-6770

N/A

(Former Name or Former
Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing
is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which
registered

None N/A N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 ( 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement.

On December 27, 2024, FBCC Jupiter Funding, LLC (FBCC Jupiter),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Franklin BSP Capital Corporation (the Company), entered into the First Amendment to Loan and
Security Agreement (the First Amendment), which amends the Loan and Security Agreement, dated October 4, 2023 (as amended
by the First Amendment, the FBCC Jupiter Facility), by and among FBCC Jupiter, as borrower, the Company, as portfolio manager,
the lenders party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent and collateral administrator, U.S. Bank
National Association, as securities intermediary, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent.

The First Amendment, among other things, (i) extends the Reinvestment
Period from October 2026 to October 2028, (ii) increases the commitment increase option from total Financing Commitments of up to $800.0
million to total Financing Commitments of up to $1,050.0 million, (iii) increases the Facility Commitments from $400.0 million to $800.0
million, (iv) extends the Scheduled Termination Date from October 2027 to October 2029 and (v) reduces the Applicable Margin from 2.55%
to 2.25%.

The foregoing description of the First Amendment does not purport to
be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the First Amendment attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1.

Item 1.02. Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.

On December 27, 2024, concurrent with the closing of the First Amendment, FBLC
57th Street Funding LLC (formerly known as BDCA 57th Street Funding, LLC, 57th Street),
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, merged with and into FBCC Jupiter (the Merger) pursuant to an Agreement and Plan
of Merger, dated as of December 27, 2024 (the Merger Agreement), by and between FBCC Jupiter and 57th Street,
with FBCC Jupiter surviving the Merger.

Upon consummation of the Merger, the Amended and Restated Loan and
Security Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2021, as amended, among 57th Street, as borrower, the Company, as portfolio
manager, the lenders party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent and collateral administrator, U.S.
Bank National Association, as securities intermediary, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, was terminated
and all outstanding obligations were assumed into the FBCC Jupiter Facility.

1

Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation
under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this current report on
Form 8-K is hereby incorporated in this Item 2.03 by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits:

Exhibit Number Description 

10.1 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2024, by and among FBCC Jupiter Funding, LLC, as borrower, Franklin BSP Capital Corporation, as portfolio manager, the lenders party thereto, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent and collateral administrator, U.S. Bank National Association, as securities intermediary, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

FRANKLIN BSP CAPITAL CORPORATION

Date: January 3, 2025 By: /s/ Nina K. Baryski

Name: Nina K. Baryski

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea022634801ex10-1_franklin.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FIRST AMENDMENT TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF DECEMBER 27, 2024, BY AND AMONG FBCC JUPITER FUNDING, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

FIRST AMENDMENT TO LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

This First Amendment to Loan
and Security Agreement (this Amendment), dated as of December 27, 2024 is entered into is entered into among FBCC
JUPITER FUNDING, LLC, as borrower (the Company); FRANKLIN BSP CAPITAL CORPORATION, as portfolio manager (the Portfolio
Manager); the Lenders party hereto; U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacities as collateral agent (in
such capacity, the Collateral Agent) and collateral administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral Administrator),
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as securities intermediary (in such capacity, the Securities Intermediary);
and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Administrative
Agent). Reference is hereby made to the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2023 (as amended, modified, supplemented
or restated from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Loan and Security Agreement) among the parties hereto.
Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned thereto in the Loan and Security Agreement, as amended
hereby.

WHEREAS, FBLC 57th
Street Funding LLC (formerly known as BDCA 57th Street Funding LLC) (the Rollover Company) has (or concurrently
with the transactions described herein, is being) merged with and into the Company on December 27, 2024 (the Merger Date)
and the Company is the surviving company (such transaction, the Merger);

WHEREAS, the Rollover Company
is party to that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2021 (as amended by the First Amendment
to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2022, as amended by the Second Amendment to the Amended
and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2023, and as further amended, modified, supplemented or restated from
time to time, the Rollover Loan and Security Agreement), by and among the Rollover Company, Franklin BSP Capital
Corporation (successor by merger to Franklin BSP Lending Corporation (formerly known as Business Development Company of America)), as
portfolio manager (in such capacity, the Rollover Portfolio Manager), the lenders party thereto (the Rollover
Lenders), U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), in its
capacities as collateral agent and collateral administrator, U.S. Bank National Association, in its capacity as securities intermediary,
and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders thereunder;

WHEREAS, the Rollover Lenders,
the Rollover Company and the parties hereto desire to terminate the Rollover Loan and Security Agreement upon incurrence of the Rollover
Amount (as defined below) under the Loan and Security Agreement, as amended hereby, on a cashless roll basis in an aggregate
amount equal to the Rollover Lenders Advances (as defined in the Rollover Loan and Security Agreement) outstanding immediately
prior to the effectiveness of the Merger (the Rollover Effective Time), accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all
fees and other amounts due and payable by the Rollover Company in connection with the Rollover Loan and Security Agreement as of the Rollover
Effective Time, in the aggregate amount of $325,669,190.66 (the Rollover Amount);

WHEREAS, the parties hereto
are parties to the Loan and Security Agreement;

WHEREAS, the parties hereto
desire to amend the terms of the Loan and Security Agreement in accordance with Section 10.05 thereof as provided for herein; and

ACCORDINGLY, the Loan and
Security Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

AMENDMENT
TO THE LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT.

The Loan and Security Agreement
is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken
text) and to add the bold and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example:
bold and double-underlined text) as set forth on the pages of the Loan and Security Agreement attached as Exhibit A
hereto.

CASHLESS
ROLLOVER SETTLEMENT.

Subject to the terms and conditions
hereof, (a) each Lender, by executing a signature page attached hereto, agrees to make Advances (Rollover Advances)
on the date of this Amendment above first written (the Effective Date), in U.S. dollars, on a cashless roll
basis in an aggregate amount equal to the Rollover Amount and (b) each Rollover Lender, by executing a signature page attached hereto,
agrees that such Rollover Lenders outstanding Advances (as defined in the Rollover Loan and Security Agreement), including accrued
and unpaid interest thereon and all fees and other amounts due and payable to such Rollover Lender by the Rollover Company in connection
with the Rollover Loan and Security Agreement on or prior to the Effective Date, will be deemed to be paid in full with the proceeds of
the Rollover Advances.

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT. It shall be a condition precedent to the effectiveness of the amendments set forth
in Section 1 of this Amendment that each of the following conditions is satisfied:

The Administrative Agent shall
have received executed counterparts of this Amendment from each party hereto.

The Administrative Agent shall
have received a certificate of an officer of the Company in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent to
the effect that, as of the date of this Amendment: (i) all of the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.01 of the Loan
and Security Agreement are true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by
their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct), in each case on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent
that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material
respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and
correct) as of such earlier date, and (ii) no Default, Event of Default or Market Value Event has occurred and is continuing.

The Administrative Agent shall
have received reasonably satisfactory written opinions of counsel for the Company and the Portfolio Manager, covering such matters relating
to the transactions contemplated hereby as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, including, without limitation, non-consolidation
matters.

The Administrative Agent shall
have received a certificate from a Responsible Officer attaching and certifying as being in full force and effect without modification
or amendment as of the date hereof: (1) copies of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of officers
of the Company and the Portfolio Manager as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity
of each officer thereof or other Person authorized to act in connection with this Amendment and the other Loan Documents, and (2) copies
of documents and certificates relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Company and the Portfolio Manager, all
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel; provided that the Portfolio Manager
shall not be required to provide a copy of its operating agreement to the Administrative Agent.

The Administrative Agent shall
have received satisfactory evidence that the Rollover Company has merged with and into the Company, and the Company is the surviving company
and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Parent.

The Company shall have provided
a Request for Advance to the Administrative Agent in the amount of the Rollover Amount to be used for the cashless roll
settlement of the Rollover Facility.

The Company shall have paid
to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the Effective Date, for the account of the Lenders, an upfront fee in an aggregate amount specified
in that certain First Amendment Date Letter, dated as of the Effective Date, by and between the Company and the Administrative Agent.

MISCELLANEOUS.

The Lenders execution
of this Amendment shall constitute the written consent required under Section 10.05 of the Loan and Security Agreement.

The parties hereto hereby agree
that, except as specifically amended herein, the Loan and Security Agreement is and shall continue to be in full force and effect and
is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. Except as specifically provided herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness
of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any party hereto under the Loan and Security Agreement,
or constitute a waiver of any provision of any other agreement.

THIS AMENDMENT WILL BE GOVERNED
BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

This Amendment may be executed
in any number of counterparts by facsimile or other written form of communication, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as
against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. This Amendment
shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual
on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature, (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied
manual signature, or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures
in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or
any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the UCC (collectively, Signature
Law), in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature,
or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility
in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely
upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature,
or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise
verify the validity or authenticity thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used
for execution or indorsement of writings when required under the UCC or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character
of the writings.

Subject to the satisfaction
of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3, this Amendment shall be effective as of the Effective Date.

The Collateral Agent, the Collateral
Administrator and the Securities Intermediary assume no responsibility for the correctness of the recitals contained herein, and the Collateral
Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary shall not be responsible or accountable in any way whatsoever for
or with respect to the validity, execution or sufficiency of this Amendment and makes no representation with respect thereto. In entering
into this Amendment, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary and the Bank shall be entitled
to the benefit of every provision of the Loan and Security Agreement relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording
protection to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary, including their right to be compensated,
reimbursed and indemnified, whether or not elsewhere herein so provided. The Administrative Agent, by its signature hereto, authorizes
and directs (i) the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary to execute this Amendment and (ii)
the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary to amend the Account Control Agreement to include the Permitted Non-USD Currency
Accounts.

[Signature Pages Follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Amendment as of the day and year first above written.

FBCC JUPITER FUNDING, LLC, successor-in-interest to FBLC 57th Street Funding LLC (formerly known as BDCA 57th Street Funding LLC), as the Rollover Company and, on its own behalf, as the Surviving Company

By /s/ Michael Frick

Name: Michael Frick

Title: Authorized Signatory

FRANKLIN BSP CAPITAL ADVISER L.L.C.,

as resigning Portfolio Manager

By /s/ Michael Frick

Name: Michael Frick

Title: Authorized Signatory 

FRANKLIN BSP CAPITAL CORPORATION,

as Portfolio Manager

By /s/ Michael Frick

Name: Michael Frick

Title: Secretary 

Signature Page to

First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Administrative Agent

By /s/
James Greenfield

Name: James Greenfield

Title: Executive Director

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Lender

By /s/ James
Greenfield

Name: James Greenfield

Title: Executive Director

Signature Page to

First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement

U.S.
BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent

By /s/
Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Name: Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Title: Senior Vice President

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Collateral Administrator

By /s/ Ralph
J. Creasia, Jr.

Name: Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Title: Senior Vice President

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Securities
Intermediary

By /s/ Ralph
J. Creasia, Jr.

Name: Ralph J. Creasia, Jr.

Title: Senior Vice President

Signature Page to

First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement

Execution Version

Consenting Rollover Lenders

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Rollover Lender

By /s/ James Greenfield

Name: James Greenfield

Title: Executive Director

Exhibit A to First Amendment to

Loan and Security Agreement

Conformed Loan and Security Agreement

(See attached)

Execution Version

As
Amended by the First Amendment dated December 27, 2024

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

dated as of

October 4, 2023

among

FBCC JUPITER FUNDING, LLC

The Lenders Party Hereto

The Collateral Administrator, Collateral Agent
and Securities Intermediary Party Hereto

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Administrative Agent

and

FRANKLIN BSP CAPITAL ADVISER
L.L.C.CORPORATION,

as Portfolio Manager

Table of Contents

Page

ARTICLE I 

THE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS 

SECTION 1.01. Purchases of Portfolio Investments 2331

SECTION 1.02. Procedures for Purchases and Related Advances 2331

SECTION 1.03. Conditions to Purchases. 2432

SECTION 1.04. Sales of Portfolio Investments 2533

SECTION 1.05. Certain Assumptions relating to Portfolio Investments 2735

SECTION 1.06. Additional Equity Contributions 35

SECTION 1.07. Currency Equivalents 36

SECTION 1.08. [Reserved]. 36

ARTICLE II 

THE ADVANCES 

SECTION 2.01. Financing Commitments 2736

SECTION 2.02. [Reserved] 2736

SECTION 2.03. Advances; Use of Proceeds 2736

SECTION 2.04. Conditions to Effective Date. 2838

SECTION 2.05. Conditions to Advances 3039

SECTION 2.06. Commitment Increase Option 3140

ARTICLE III 

ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE Advances 

SECTION 3.01. The Advances 3141

SECTION 3.02. [Reserved]Interest Rate Unascertainable, Inadequate or Unfair 3544

SECTION 3.03. Taxes 3546

ARTICLE IV 

COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS 

SECTION 4.01. Interest Proceeds 3949

SECTION 4.02. Principal Proceeds 3950

SECTION 4.03. Principal and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Commitment Fee 4050

SECTION 4.04. MV Cure Account 4152

SECTION 4.05. Priority of Payments 4152

SECTION 4.06. Payments Generally 4253

SECTION 4.07. Termination or Reduction of Financing Commitments 4354

ARTICLE V 

THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER 

SECTION 5.01. Appointment and Duties of the Portfolio Manager 4355

SECTION 5.02. Portfolio Manager Representations as to Eligibility Criteria; Etc 4355

SECTION 5.03. Indemnification 4455

ARTICLE VI 

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS 

SECTION 6.01. Representations and Warranties 4456

SECTION 6.02. Covenants of the Company and the Portfolio Manager 4759

SECTION 6.03. Amendments of Portfolio Investments, Etc 5365

ARTICLE VII 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

SECTION 7.01. Events of Default 66

ARTICLE VIII 

COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS; COLLATERAL SECURITY 

SECTION 8.01. The Collateral Accounts; Agreement as to Control 5768

SECTION 8.02. Collateral Security; Pledge; Delivery 5869

ARTICLE IX 

THE AGENTS 

SECTION 9.01. Appointment of Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent 6072

SECTION 9.02. Additional Provisions Relating to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator 6577

ARTICLE X 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 10.01. Non-Petition; Limited Recourse 6779

SECTION 10.02. Notices 6879

SECTION 10.03. No Waiver 6880

SECTION 10.04. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff 6880

SECTION 10.05. Amendments 6981

SECTION 10.06. Successors; Assignments 7082

SECTION 10.07. Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc 7183

SECTION 10.08. Interest Rate Limitation 7183

SECTION 10.09. PATRIOT Act 7183

SECTION 10.10. Counterparts 7283

SECTION 10.11. Headings. 7284

SECTION 10.12. Confidentiality. 7284

SECTION 10.13. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. 7385

- 2 -

Schedules

Schedule 1 Transaction Schedule

Schedule 2 Contents of Notice of Acquisition

Schedule 3 Eligibility Criteria

Schedule 4 Concentration Limitations

Schedule 5 Initial Portfolio Investments

Schedule 6 Moodys Industry Classifications

Schedule 7 Ineligible Persons

Schedule 8 Partial PIK Portfolio Investment Notice Form

Exhibits

Exhibit A Form of Request for Advance

- 3 -

LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT
dated as of October 4, 2023 (this Agreement) among FBCC JUPITER FUNDING, LLC, as borrower (the Company);
FRANKLIN BSP CAPITAL ADVISER L.L.C.CORPORATION,
as portfolio manager (in such capacity, the Portfolio Manager); the Lenders party hereto; U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacities as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent) and collateral
administrator (in such capacity, the Collateral Administrator); U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as
securities intermediary (in such capacity, the Securities Intermediary); and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent).

The Portfolio Manager and the
Company wish for the Company to acquire and finance certain loans and other corporate debt securities (the Portfolio Investments),
all on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

Furthermore, the Company intends
to enter into a Master Participation Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2023 (the Participation Agreement) by and between
the Company and FBCC Lending I, LLC (in such capacity, the MPA Seller), pursuant to which the Company shall acquire
Portfolio Investments on the Effective Date.

Furthermore, the Company intends
to enter into a Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2023 (the Sale Agreement) by and between the
Company and the Parent (in such capacity, the Seller), pursuant to which the Company shall from time to time acquire
Portfolio Investments from the Parent.

Furthermore,
FBLC 57th Street Funding LLC (formerly known as BDCA 57th Street Funding LLC) (the Rollover Company) has merged with and into
the Company on December 27, 2024 and the Company is the surviving company.

Furthermore,
the Rollover Company is party to that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2021, by and among
the Rollover Company, Franklin BSP Lending Corporation (formerly known as Business Development Company of America), as portfolio manager,
the lenders party thereto (the Rollover Lenders), U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest
to U.S. Bank National Association), in its capacities as collateral agent and collateral administrator, U.S. Bank National Association,
in its capacity as securities intermediary and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders thereunder
(as amended by the First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of December 9, 2022, as amended by
the Second Amendment to the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 15, 2023, the Rollover Facility).

Furthermore,
the Rollover Lenders, the Rollover Company and the parties hereto, subject to the terms and conditions of the First Amendment to Loan
and Security Agreement, dated as of the First Amendment Date (the First Amendment), by and among the Company, the Portfolio
Manager, the Lenders party thereto, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and the Administrative
Agent, desire to terminate the Rollover Facility on a cashless roll basis in an aggregate amount equal to such Lenders Advances
(as defined in the Rollover Facility) outstanding immediately prior to the First Amendment Date, accrued and unpaid interest thereon and
all fees and other amounts due and payable by the Rollover Company to the Rollover Lenders in connection with the Rollover Facility on
or prior to the First Amendment Date.

On and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein and in the First Amendment, JPMorgan
Chase Bank, National Association (JPMCB) and its respective successors and permitted assigns (together with JPMCB,
the Lenders) have agreed to make advances to the Company (Advances) hereunder to the extent specified
on the transaction schedule attached as Schedule 1 hereto (the Transaction Schedule).

- 4 -

Accordingly, the parties hereto
agree as follows:

Certain Defined Terms

Account Control Agreement
means the Securities Account Control Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2023, among the Company, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral
Agent and the Securities Intermediary, as amended, amended and restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

Additional Distribution
Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.

Adjusted Applicable
Margin means the stated Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule plus 2% per annum.

Administrative Agent
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Administrative Agency
Fee has the meaning set forth in the Effective Date Letter.

Advances
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Adverse Proceeding
means any action, suit, proceeding (whether administrative, judicial or otherwise), governmental investigation or arbitration (whether
or not purportedly on behalf of the Company) at law or in equity, or before or by any Governmental Authority, whether pending, active
or, to the Companys or the Portfolio Managers knowledge, threatened against or affecting the Company or the Portfolio Manager or their
respective property that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

Affiliate
means, with respect to any Person, any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, such former
Person but which shall not include (a) the obligors under any
Portfolio Investment or any Portfolio Company of the Portfolio Manager or
(b) solely with respect to determining the Concentration Limitation Excess and Concentration Limitations, any Affiliate relationship which
may exist solely as a result of direct or indirect ownership of, or control by, a common financial sponsor. For the purposes of
this definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, (i) to vote more than 50% of the securities having ordinary
voting power for the election of directors of any such Person or (ii) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies
of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.

Agent has
the meaning set forth in Section 9.01.

Agent Business Day
means any day on which commercial banks settle payments in each of New York City and the city in which the corporate trust office of the
Collateral Agent is located (which shall initially be Boston, Massachusetts).

Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto.

Agreement Party
has the meaning set forth in Article VII.

- 5 -

Amendment
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03.

Anti-Corruption Laws
means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company from time to time concerning or relating to bribery
or corruption.

Applicable Law
means, for any Person, all existing and future laws, rules, regulations (including temporary and final income tax regulations), statutes,
treaties, codes, ordinances, permits, certificates, orders, licenses of and interpretations by any Governmental Authority applicable to
such Person and applicable judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs, awards or orders of any court, arbitrator or other administrative,
judicial, or quasi-judicial tribunal or agency of competent jurisdiction.

AUD
means Australian dollars.

AUD
Screen Rate means, for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance in AUD, the average bid reference rate administered by the
Australian Financial Markets Association (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for AUD bills of exchange
with a tenor equal to three months as displayed on page BBSY of the Reuters screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate
does not appear on such Reuters page, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate
page of such other information service that publishes such rate as shall be selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in
its reasonable discretion) at or about 11:00 a.m. (Sydney, Australia time) on the first day of such Calculation Period. If such rate is
not available at such time for any reason, then the AUD Screen Rate for such Calculation Period shall be deemed to be the rate (which
shall not be less than zero) at which AUD deposits in an amount corresponding to the amount of such Advance and for the applicable maturity
are offered in the Sydney interbank market in immediately available funds at such time (as determined by the Administrative Agent in
its commercially reasonable discretion). Notwithstanding anything
in the foregoing to the contrary, if the AUD Screen Rate as calculated for any purpose under this Agreement is below zero percent, the
AUD Screen Rate will be deemed to be zero percent for such purpose until such time as it exceeds zero percent again.

Available
Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Currency, as applicable, any
tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be
used for determining the length of a Calculation Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance
of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Calculation Period pursuant to clause (f)
of Section 3.02.

Base Rate
means, for any day, (i) with respect to USD denominated Advances, a
rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate
in effect on such day plus0.50%0.5%,
(ii) with respect to CAD denominated Advances, the Canadian Prime Rate and (iii) with respect to any AUD, Euro or GBP denominated Advances,
the annual rate of interest announced from time to time by the Administrative Agent (or an affiliate thereof) (in consultation with the
Company) as being its reference rate then in effect for determining interest rates on commercial loans made by it in Australia (in the
case of Advances denominated in AUD), the United Kingdom (with respect to Advances denominated in GBP) or the Euro Zone (with respect
to Advances denominated in Euros). Any change in the applicable Base
Rate due to a change in the Prime Rate or,
the Federal Funds Effective Rate, the Canadian Prime Rate or a rate specified
in clause (iii) above shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in
the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate, respectively. In the event that theany
applicable Base Rate is below zero percent at any time during
the term of this Agreement, it shall be deemed to be zero percent until
it exceeds zero percent again.

- 6 -

Benchmark
means, with respect to Advances in each Currency, initially the applicable Reference Rate for such Currency; provided that if a
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to such applicable Reference Rate or
the then-current Benchmark for such Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that
such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (b) of Section 3.02.

Benchmark
Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative
Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that, in the case of any Advance denominated in a Permitted Non-USD
Currency, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in (2) below:

(1)
in the case of USD denominated Advances, the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

(2)
the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent as the replacement for the then-current
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark
rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention
for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable
Currency at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

If
the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than 0% per annum, the Benchmark Replacement
will be deemed to be 0% per annum for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement
for any applicable Calculation Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment,
or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected
by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any
selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement
of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement
Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit
facilities denominated in the applicable Currency.

Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes
(including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Calculation
Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment or
continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational
matters) that the Administrative Agent decides in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Company may be appropriate to reflect
the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in
a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of
such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary
in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents).

- 7 -

Benchmark
Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current
Benchmark:

(1)
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public
statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such
component thereof); or

(2)
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication
of information referenced therein.

For
the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference
Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark
upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark
Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such
then-current Benchmark:

(1)a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is
no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);

(2)a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component)
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component),
in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available
Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof); or

(3)a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer,
or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative.

- 8 -

For
the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public
statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof).

Benchmark
Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement
Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under
any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.02 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current
Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 3.02.

Beneficial Ownership
Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230.

Board means
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America.

Borrowing Base Test
means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the following is true:

Where:

AR = 60%.

Business Day
means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial
banks are open in each of New York City and the city in which the corporate trust office of the Collateral Agent is located.;
provided that (i) with respect to any SONIA related provisions herein or the payment, calculation or conversion of amounts denominated
in GBP, Business Day shall be deemed to exclude any day on which banks are required or authorized to be closed in London, England, (ii)
with respect to any EURIBOR related provisions herein or the payment, calculation or conversion of amounts denominated in Euros, Business
Day shall be deemed to exclude any day on which banks are required or authorized to be closed in London, England or which is not a TARGET2
Settlement Day, (iii) with respect to any CORRA related provisions herein or the payment, calculation or conversion of amounts denominated
in CAD, Business Day shall be deemed to exclude any day on which banks are required or authorized to be closed in Toronto, Canada, and
(iv) with respect to any AUD Screen Rate related provisions herein or the payment, calculation or conversion of amounts denominated in
AUD, Business Day shall be deemed to exclude any day on which banks are required or authorized to be closed in Sydney, Australia.

CAD
means Canadian dollars.

- 9 -

Calculation Period
means the quarterly period from and including the date on which the first Advance is made hereunder to but excluding the first Calculation
Period Start Date following the date of such Advance and each successive quarterly period from and including a Calculation Period Start
Date to but excluding the immediately succeeding Calculation Period Start Date (or, in the case of the last Calculation Period, if the
last Calculation Period does not end on the last calendar day of March, June, September or December, the period from and including the
related Calculation Period Start Date to but excluding the Maturity Date).

Calculation Period
Start Date means the first calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year (or, if any such date is not a Business
Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day), commencing in October 2023.

Canadian
Prime Rate means, on any day, the rate determined by the Administrative Agent to be the higher of (i) the rate equal to the PRIMCAN
Index rate published by Bloomberg Financial Markets Commodities News (or any successor to or substitute for such service, providing rate
quotations comparable to those currently provided by such service, as determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at 10:15
a.m. Toronto time on such day and (ii) the Term CORRA, plus 1% per annum. Any change in the Canadian Prime Rate due to a change in the
PRIMCAN Index or the Term CORRA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the PRIMCAN Index or Term CORRA,
respectively. 

Cash Equivalents
means, any of the following: (i) marketable securities (a) issued or directly and unconditionally guaranteed as to interest and principal
by the United States Government or (b) issued by any agency of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith
and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year after such date; (ii) marketable direct obligations issued by any
state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof, in each case maturing
within one year after such date and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P
or at least P-1 from Moodys; (iii) commercial paper maturing no more than three months from the date of creation thereof
and having, at the time of the acquisition thereof, a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from
Moodys; (iv) certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances maturing within three months after such date and issued or accepted by any
Lender or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof or the District of Columbia
that (a) is at least adequately capitalized (as defined in the regulations of its primary Federal banking regulator) and (b)
has Tier 1 capital (as defined in such regulations) of not less than U.S.$1,000,000,000;
and (v) shares of any money market mutual fund that (a) has substantially all of its
assets invested continuously in the types of investments referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above, (b) has net assets of not less than
U.S.$5,000,000,000, and (c) has the highest rating obtainable from
either S&P or Moodys; and (vi) other similar instruments to the extent
Permitted Non-USD currencies are invested therein. Subject to the foregoing, Cash Equivalents may include investments in which
the Collateral Agent or its Affiliates provide services and receive compensation.

Change in Law
means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation
or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application
thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having
the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning liquidity
and capital adequacy issued by any United States regulatory authority (i) under or in connection with the implementation of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and (ii) in connection with the implementation of the recommendations of the Bank for International
Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority) shall be deemed
to have occurred after the date of this Agreement for purposes of this definition, regardless of the date adopted, issued, promulgated
or implemented.

- 10 -

Change of Control
means an event or series of events by which (A) the Parent or its Affiliates, collectively, (i) shall cease to possess, directly or indirectly,
the right to elect or appoint (through contract, ownership of voting securities, or otherwise) managers that at all times have a majority
of the votes of the board of managers (or similar governing body) of the Company or to direct the management policies and decisions of
the Company or (ii) shall cease, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally and beneficially all of the equity interests of the
Company, (B) Franklin BSP Capital Adviser L.L.C. or its Affiliates shall cease to be the investment advisor of the Parent or (C) Benefit
Street Partners L.L.C. or its Affiliates, collectively, (i) shall cease to possess, directly or indirectly, the right to elect or appoint
(through contract, ownership of voting securities, or otherwise) managers that at all times have a majority of the votes of the board
of managers (or similar governing body) of Franklin BSP Capital Adviser L.L.C. or to direct the management policies and decisions of Franklin
BSP Capital Adviser L.L.C. or (ii) shall cease, directly or indirectly, to own and control legally and beneficially all of the equity
interests of Franklin BSP Capital Adviser L.L.C.

Charges has
the meaning set forth in Section 10.08.

CME Term SOFR Administrator
means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term SOFR (or a successor administrator).

Code means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

Collateral
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a).

Collateral Accounts
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a).

Collateral Administrator
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Collateral Agent
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Collateral Principal
Amount means on any date of determination (A) the aggregate principal balance of the Portfolio, excluding the unfunded balance
on any Delayed Funding Term Loan, as of such date plus (B) the amounts on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (including cash and
Eligible Investments) representing Principal Proceeds as of such date and the amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account (including
cash and Eligible Investments) as of such date minus (C) the aggregate principal balance of all Ineligible Investments as of such
date.

Collection Account
means the Interest Collection Account and the Principal Collection Account, collectively.

Commitment Increase
Date means any Business Day on which the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion) approves in writing (which may be by
email) a Commitment Increase Request.

Commitment Increase
Request means, on any date during the Reinvestment Period, the request of the Company in writing (which may be by email) to
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for an increase of the Financing Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06.

Company has
the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Competitor
has the meaning set forth in the Syndication Letter.

- 11 -

Concentration Limitation
Excess means, on any date of determination, without duplication, all or the portion of the principal amount of any Portfolio
Investment (other than any Ineligible Investment) that exceeds any Concentration Limitation as of such date; provided that the
Portfolio Manager shall select in its sole discretion which Portfolio Investment(s) constitute part of the Concentration Limitation Excess;
provided further that with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan, the Portfolio Manager shall select any term Portfolio Investment
from the same obligor and/or any funded portion of the aggregate commitment amount of such Delayed Funding Term Loan before selecting
any unfunded portion of such aggregate commitment amount; provided further that if the Portfolio Manager does not so select any
Portfolio Investment(s), the applicable portion of the Portfolio Investment(s) determined by the Administrative Agent shall make up the
Concentration Limitation Excess.

Concentration Limitations
has the meaning set forth in Schedule 4.

CORRA
means the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average administered and published by the Bank of Canada (or any successor administrator).

Corresponding
Tenor means, with respect to any Available Tenor, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor.

Currency
means USD and each Permitted Non-USD Currency.

Currency
Shortfall has the meaning specified in Section 4.06(b).

Custodial Account
means the account(s) established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any successor accounts established
in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Daily
Simple SOFR means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day that is five (5) Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR
Rate Day is a Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding
such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrators Website. Any change
in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice
to the Company. 

Daily
Simple SONIA means, for each, with respect to any Advance denominated in GBP, an interest rate per annum equal to the greater of
(a) SONIA for the day that is five Business Days prior to (i) if such SONIA Interest Day is a Business Day, such SONIA Interest Day or
(ii) if such SONIA Interest Day is not a Business Day, the Business Day immediately preceding such SONIA Interest Day and (b) 0%. Any
change in Daily Simple SONIA due to a change in SONIA shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SONIA
without notice to the Company.

Default has
the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

Delayed Funding Term
Loan means any Loan that (a) requires the holder thereof to make one or more future advances to the obligor under the underlying
instruments relating thereto, (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed on or prior to one or more fixed dates, and (c) does
not permit the re-borrowing of any amount previously repaid by the obligor thereunder; but, for the avoidance of doubt, any such Loan
will be a Delayed Funding Term Loan only until all commitments by the holders thereof to make such future advances to the obligor thereon
expire or are terminated or reduced to zero.

- 12 -

Deliver (and
its correlative forms) means the taking of the following steps by the Company or the Portfolio Manager:

(1) except
as provided in clauses (3) or (4) below, in the case of Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments and amounts on deposit in the Collateral
Accounts, by (x) causing the Securities Intermediary to indicate by book entry that a financial asset comprised thereof has been credited
to the applicable Collateral Account and (y) causing the Securities Intermediary to agree, pursuant to the Account Control Agreement,
that it will comply with entitlement orders originated by the Collateral Agent with respect to each such security entitlement without
further consent by the Company;

(2) in
the case of each general intangible, by notifying the obligor thereunder of the security interest of the Collateral Agent (except to the
extent that the requirement for consent by any person to the pledge hereunder or transfer thereof to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative
Agent is rendered ineffective under Section 9-406 of the UCC, no such requirement for consent exists in the underlying documents or such
consent has otherwise been obtained);

(3) in
the case of Portfolio Investments consisting of money or instruments (the Possessory Collateral) that do not constitute
a financial asset forming the basis of a security entitlement delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to clause (1) above, by causing
(x) the Collateral Agent to obtain possession of such Possessory Collateral in the State of New York or
another state of the United States that has adopted Articles 8 and 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, or (y) a Person other than
the Company and a securities intermediary (A)(I) to obtain possession of such Possessory Collateral in the
State of New Yorka state specified in clause (x) above,
and (II) to then authenticate a record acknowledging that it holds possession of such Possessory Collateral for the benefit of the Collateral
Agent or (B)(I) to authenticate a record acknowledging that it will take possession of such Possessory Collateral for the benefit of the
Collateral Agent and (II) to then acquire possession of such Possessory Collateral in the State of New
Yorka state specified in clause (x) above;

(4) in
the case of any account which constitutes a deposit account under Article 9 of the UCC, by causing the Securities Intermediary
to continuously identify in its books and records the security interest of the Collateral Agent in such account and, except as may be
expressly provided herein to the contrary, establishing dominion and control over such account in favor of the Collateral Agent;

(5) in
all cases, by filing or causing the filing of a financing statement with respect to such Collateral with the Delaware Secretary of State;
and

(6) in
all cases by otherwise ensuring that all steps, if any, required under applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent
to ensure that this Agreement creates a valid, first priority Lien (subject only to Permitted Liens) on such Collateral in favor of the
Collateral Agent, shall have been taken, and that such Lien shall have been perfected by filing and, to the extent applicable, possession
or control.

Notwithstanding
clauses (1) and (3) above, the Company or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall ensure that all Portfolio Investments denominated
in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and all proceeds thereof shall be deposited in or credited to the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency
Account; provided that it is understood and agreed that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Permitted Non-USD
Currency Accounts in respect of any Permitted Non-USD Currency shall not be available for the receipt of cash and Portfolio Investments
until such time as the Administrative Agent confirms in writing (which may be by email) to the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral
Agent and the Securities Intermediary that the Permitted Non-USD Currency Account Opening Requirements with respect to the applicable
Permitted Non-USD Currency Account are satisfied. 

- 13 -

Designated Email Notification
Address means [***]; provided that, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and no Market
Value Event shall have occurred, the Company may, upon at least five (5) Business Days (or such shorter period as the Administrative
Agent shall agree in its sole discretion) written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral
Agent, designate any other email address as the Designated Email Notification Address.

Designated Independent
Dealer means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC; provided that, so long as no Market Value Event shall have occurred and no Event
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Portfolio Manager may, upon at least five (5) Business Days (or such shorter period
as the Administrative Agent shall agree in its sole discretion) written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Administrator
and the Collateral Agent, designate another Independent Dealer as the Designated Independent Dealer.

Dollar
Equivalent means, with respect to any Advance denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the amount of USD that would be required
to purchase the amount of such Permitted Non-USD Currency of such Advance using the reciprocal foreign exchange rates obtained as described
in the definition of the term Spot Rate.

Effective Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04.

Effective Date Letter
means the letter agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, by and between the Company and the Administrative Agent.

Eligibility Criteria
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

Eligible Investments
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01.

ERISA means
the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

ERISA Affiliate
means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 414(b) or
(c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412, 430 or 431 of the Code).

ERISA Event
means that (1) any of the Company or the Parent has underlying assets which constitute plan assets within the meaning of the
Plan Asset Rules or (2) any of the Company, the Parent or any ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains, contributes to, is required to contribute
to or has any material liability with respect to any Plan.

EURIBOR
means, for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance in Euros, the Euro interbank offered rate administered by the European Money
Markets Institute (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) for a three-month period displayed on Reuters
Screen EURIBOR01 (or any replacement Thomson Reuters page which displays that rate) or on the appropriate page of such other information
service which publishes that rate from time to time in place of Thomson Reuters at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, two (2) Business
Days prior to the commencement of such Calculation Period. If such page or service ceases to be available, the Administrative Agent may
specify another page or service displaying the relevant rate in consultation with the Company. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing
to the contrary, if EURIBOR as calculated for any purpose under this Agreement is below zero percent, EURIBOR will be deemed to be zero
percent for such purpose until such time as it exceeds zero percent again.

- 14 -

Euro
or means the lawful currency of Participating Member States.

Event of Default
has the meaning set forth in Article VII.

Excess Funded Amount
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.03(c)(ii).

Excess Interest Proceeds
means, at any time of determination, the excess of (1) amounts then on deposit in the Collateral Accounts representing Interest Proceeds
over (2) the projected amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 4.05(a) and (b) on the next Interest Payment Date, the next Additional
Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, as applicable, in each case, as determined by the Company in good faith and in a commercially
reasonable manner and verified by the Administrative Agent.

Excluded Taxes
means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Secured Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to
a Secured Party, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes, in each
case, (i) imposed as a result of such Secured Party being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case
of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or
(ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for
the account of such Lender that are or would be required to be withheld pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender
acquires such interest in the Financing Commitment or Advance or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the
extent that, pursuant to Section 3.03, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before
such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Secured
Partys failure to comply with Section 3.03(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.

FATCA means
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable
and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, and intergovernmental
agreements thereunder, similar or related non-U.S. law that corresponds to Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code, any agreements entered into
pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such
sections of the Code and any U.S. or non-U.S. fiscal or regulatory law, legislation, rules, guidance, notes or practices adopted pursuant
to such intergovernmental agreement.

Federal Funds Effective
Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds transactions
by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website
from time to time, and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the effective federal
funds rate, provided that if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed
to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

Federal Reserve Bank
of New Yorks Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.orghttp://www.newyorkfed.org,
or any successor source.

- 15 -

Financing Commitment
means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to provide Advances to the Company hereunder in an amount up to but
not exceeding the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on the Transaction Schedule.

First
Amendment Date means December 27, 2024.

First
Amendment Date Letter means the letter agreement, dated as of the First Amendment Date, by and between the Company and the Administrative
Agent.

Foreign Lender
means a Lender that is not a U.S. Person.

Foreign Subsidiary
means (i) any Subsidiary that is not incorporated or organized under the laws of a State within the United States of America or the District
of Columbia, and that is a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957 of the Code with respect to which
a Company is a US Shareholder within the meaning of Section 951(b) of the Code, or (ii) any Subsidiary that is a disregarded
entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes and which assets are all or substantially all stock or stock equivalents of, or debt interests
in, one or more Subsidiaries described in clause (i) above.

GAAP means
generally accepted accounting principles in the effect from time to time in the United
States, as applied from time to time by the Company.

GBP
and mean British Pounds.

Governmental Authority
means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local,
and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the
European Union or the European Central Bank).

Indebtedness
as applied to any Person, means, without duplication, as determined in accordance with GAAP, (i) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed
money; (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, deferrable securities or other similar instruments;
(iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable and
accrued expenses arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) that portion of obligations with respect to capital leases that
is properly classified as a liability of such Person on a balance sheet; (v) all obligations of such Person to reimburse or prepay any
bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit, bankers acceptance or similar instrument (but only to the extent
such amounts have been drawn and not reimbursed); (vi) all debt of others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not
such debt is assumed by such Person; and (vii) all debt, capital lease obligations or similar obligations to repay money of others guaranteed
by such Person or for which such Person acts as surety. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall not include (a)
a commitment arising in the ordinary course of business to purchase a future Portfolio Investment in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement.or (b)
indebtedness of the Company on account of the sale by the Company of the first out tranche of any Portfolio Investment that arises solely
as an accounting matter under ASC 860; provided that such indebtedness (i) is nonrecourse to the Company and (ii) would not represent
a claim against the Company in a bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation proceeding of the Company, in each case in excess of the amount
sold or purportedly sold.

Indemnified Person
has the meaning specified in Section 5.03.

- 16 -

Indemnified Taxes
means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Company
under this Agreement and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes.

Indemnitee
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04(b).

Independent Dealer
means any of the following (as such list may be revised from time to time by mutual agreement of the Company and the Administrative Agent):
Bank of America/Merrill Lynch, Barclays Bank, BNP Paribas, Citibank, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, UBS,
Socit Gnrale, Barclays Bank PLC, Wells Fargo, Royal Bank of Scotland, Royal Bank of Canada, Bank of Montreal,
HSBC and any Affiliate of any of the foregoing, but in no event including the Company or any Affiliate of the Company.

Ineligible Investment
means any Portfolio Investment that fails, at any time, to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria; provided that with respect to any
Portfolio Investment for which the Administrative Agent has waived one or more of the criteria set forth on Schedule 3, the Eligibility
Criteria in respect of such Portfolio Investment shall be deemed not to include such waived criteria at any time after such waiver and
such Portfolio Investment shall not be considered an Ineligible Investment by reason of its failure to meet such waived criteria;
provided further that any Portfolio Investment (other than an Initial Portfolio Investment) which has not been approved by the
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.02 on or prior to its Trade Date will be deemed to be an Ineligible Investment until such later
date (if any) on which such Portfolio Investment is so approved; provided further that any Participation Interest that has not
been elevated to an absolute assignment on or prior to the 60th calendar day (or such later date as the Administrative Agent
may agree in its sole discretion) following the Effective Date shall constitute an Ineligible Investment until the date on which such
elevation has occurred.

Ineligible Person
means any Person listed in Schedule 7.

Information
means all information received from or on behalf of the Company or,
the Portfolio Manager or any Affiliate thereof relating to the Company
or its business or any obligor in respect of any Portfolio Investment.

Initial Portfolio Investments
means the Portfolio Investments listed in Schedule 5.

Interest Collection
Account means the account(s) established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit
of Interest Proceeds and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Interest Payment Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.03(b).

Interest Proceeds
means all payments of interest received in respect of the Portfolio Investments and Eligible Investments acquired with the proceeds of
Portfolio Investments (in each case other than accrued interest purchased using Principal Proceeds, but including proceeds received from
the sale of interest accrued after the date on which the Company acquired the related Portfolio Investment), all other payments on the
Eligible Investments acquired with the proceeds of Portfolio Investments (for the avoidance of doubt, such other payments shall not include
principal payments (including, without limitation, prepayments, repayments or sale proceeds) with respect to Eligible Investments acquired
with Principal Proceeds) and all payments of fees, dividends and other similar amounts received in respect of the Portfolio Investments
or deposited into any of the Collateral Accounts (including closing fees, commitment fees, facility fees, late payment fees, amendment
fees, waiver fees, prepayment fees and premiums, ticking fees, delayed compensation, customary syndication or other up-front fees and
customary administrative agency or similar fees); provided, however, that for the avoidance of doubt, Interest Proceeds
shall not include amounts or Eligible Investments in the MV Cure Account or Unfunded Exposure Account or any proceeds therefrom.

- 17 -

Investment
means (a) the purchase of any debt or equity security of any other Person, or (b) the making of any Loan or advance to any other Person,
or (c) becoming obligated with respect to a contingent obligation in respect of obligations of any other Person.

IRS means
the United States Internal Revenue Service.

JPMCB has
the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Lender Participant
has the meaning set forth in the Syndication Letter.

Lenders has
the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Liabilities
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.03.

Lien means
any security interest, lien, charge, pledge, preference, equity or encumbrance of any
kind, in each case, securing the payment of an obligation, including
tax liens, mechanics liens and any liens that attach by operation of law.

Liquid Portfolio Investment
means any Portfolio Investment other than a Mezzanine Obligation that, on the applicable date of determination (i) in the case of a Loan,
has at least two bids available through LoanX/Markit Group Limited or (ii) in the case of a bond, has traded volume through TRACE of at
least $2,000,000 during the thirty day period immediately preceding such date of determination.

Loan means
any obligation for the payment or repayment of borrowed money that is documented by a term and/or revolving loan agreement or other similar
credit agreement.

Loan Documents
means this Agreement, the Participation Agreement, the Sale Agreement, the Effective Date
Letter, the First Amendment Date Letter, the Syndication Letter, the Account Control Agreement, the Portfolio Management Agreement
(including any amendments or supplements thereto or modifications or waivers thereof) and any certifications (including in any Notice
of Acquisition), requests (including Commitment Increase Requests and Requests for Advance) or similar documents delivered in accordance
herewith or therewith.

Margin Stock
has the meaning provided such term in Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board.

Market Value
means, on any date of determination (i) with respect to any Liquid Portfolio Investment, the average indicative bid-side price (expressed
as a percentage) determined by LoanX/Markit Group Limited or TRACE (or, if the Administrative Agent determines in its sole discretion
that such bid price is not available or is not indicative of the actual current market value, the market value of such Portfolio Investment
as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) and (ii) with respect to any other Portfolio
Investment, the market value of such Portfolio Investment as determined by the Administrative Agent in good faith and in a commercially
reasonable manner, in each case, expressed as a percentage of par.

- 18 -

So long as no Market Value Event
has occurred or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Portfolio Manager shall have the right to initiate a dispute of the
Market Value of certain Portfolio Investments as set forth below; provided that the Portfolio Manager provides the executable bid
or valuation set forth below no later than 12:00 p.m. New York City time on the second Business Day following the related date of determination;
provided, further, that with respect to each Portfolio Investment, the Portfolio Manager may not initiate a dispute of the Market
Value thereof until the earlier of (x) the date that is six (6) months following the Trade Date of such Portfolio Investment and (y) the
date on which the Administrative Agent provides a Market Value with respect to such Portfolio Investment that is at least 5% lower than
the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment on the Trade Date of such Portfolio Investment.

If the Portfolio Manager disputes
the determination of Market Value with respect to any Portfolio Investment: (i) with respect to any Liquid Portfolio Investment, the Portfolio
Manager may, at the expense of the Company, obtain a written executable bid from an Independent Dealer for the full principal amount of
such Portfolio Investment and submit evidence of such bid to the Administrative Agent; provided that the Administrative Agent has
the ability to execute any such bid by selling any portion of such Liquid Portfolio Investment held by the Administrative Agent or any
of its Affiliates for its own account directly to any such Independent Dealer (or indirectly through a broker or other intermediary reasonably
acceptable to the Administrative Agent) at the time such bid is delivered to the Administrative Agent by the Portfolio Manager and (ii)
with respect to any other Portfolio Investment, the Portfolio Manager may, with respect to up to threefive
such Portfolio Investments in each calendar quarter, engage a Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider, at the expense of the Company,
to provide a valuation of the applicable Portfolio Investments and submit evidence of such valuation to the Administrative Agent; provided
that if the Company engages a Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider that provides a range of valuations, then the valuation for the
purposes of this clause (ii) shall be equal to the mean of the highest and lowest valuations of such range.

The market value of any Portfolio
Investment determined in accordance with the immediately preceding paragraph will be the Market Value for the applicable Portfolio Investment
from and after the Business Day following receipt of notice of such executable bid or valuation by the Administrative Agent unless and
until the Administrative Agent has made a good faith and commercially reasonable determination that the Market Value of such Portfolio
Investment has changed, in which case the Administrative Agent may determine another Market Value (in accordance with the definition of
Market Value).

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein, (A) the Market Value for any Portfolio Investment shall not be greater than the par amount thereof, (B) the Market
Value of any Ineligible Investment shall be deemed to be zero, (C) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to disregard as invalid
any bid submitted by the Portfolio Manager from any Independent Dealer if, in the Administrative Agents good faith judgment: (i) such
Independent Dealer is ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investment or portion thereof, as applicable,
substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market for such Portfolio Investment, as reasonably
determined by the Administrative Agent; or (ii) such firm bid or such firm offer is not bona fide, including due to the insolvency of
the Independent Broker-Dealer and (D) no valuation provided by a Nationally Recognized Valuation Provider shall be effective unless it
is in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and takes into account factors commonly used by market participants
in conducting valuation processes, including without limitation (i) industry and comparable company analysis, (ii) market yield assumptions,
(iii) credit fundamentals, cyclical nature, and outlook of the business of the Portfolio Investments obligor; and (iv) historical material
debt-financed acquisitions consummated by the Portfolio Investments obligor.

- 19 -

The Administrative Agent shall
notify the Company, the Portfolio Manager and the Collateral Administrator in writing of the then-current Market Value of each Portfolio
Investment in the Portfolio on a monthly basis or upon the reasonable request of the Portfolio Manager (but no more frequently than 3
requests per calendar month). Any notification from the Administrative Agent to the Company that a Market Value Trigger Event has occurred
and is continuing shall be accompanied by a written statement showing the then-current Market Value of each Portfolio Investment.

Market Value Cure
means, on any date of determination, (i) with the consent of the Administrative Agent, the contribution by the Parent of additional Portfolio
Investments to the Company and the Delivery thereof by the Company to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof, (ii) the contribution
by the Parent of cash to the Company and the Delivery thereof by the Company to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms hereof (which
amounts shall be deposited in the MV Cure Account), (iii) the sale by the Company of one or more Portfolio Investments in accordance with
the requirements of this Agreement, (iv) the prepayment by the Company of an aggregate principal amount of Advances (together with accrued
and unpaid interest thereon) or (v) any combination of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), in each case during the Market
Value Cure Period, at the option of the Portfolio Manager, and in an amount such that immediately after giving effect to all such actions
the Net Advances are less than the product of (a) the Net Asset Value and (b) the Market Value Cure Level; provided that, any Portfolio
Investment contributed to the Company in connection with the foregoing must meet all of the applicable Eligibility Criteria (unless otherwise
consented to by the Administrative Agent) and the Concentration Limitations shall be satisfied after
such contribution. In connection with any Market Value Cure under
clause (i) above, a Portfolio Investment shall be deemed to have been contributed to the Company if there has been a valid, binding
and enforceable contract for the assignment of such Portfolio Investment to the Company and, in the reasonable judgment of the Portfolio
Manager, such assignment will settle, in the case of a Loan, within fifteen (15) Business Days thereof and, in the case of any other Portfolio
Investment, within three (3) Business Days thereof. The Portfolio Manager shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to effect any
such assignment within such time period.

Market Value Cure Failure
means the failure by the Company to effect a Market Value Cure as set forth in the definition of such term.

Market Value Cure Level
has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Schedule.

Market Value Cure Period
means the period commencing on the Business Day on which the Portfolio Manager receives notice from the Administrative Agent (which if
received after 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day, shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business
Day) of the occurrence of a Market Value Trigger Event and ending at the close of business in New York two (2) Business Days thereafter.

Market Value Event
means (A) the occurrence of both of the following events (i) a Market Value Trigger Event and (ii) a Market Value Cure Failure or (B)
if in connection with any Market Value Cure, a Portfolio Investment sold, contributed or deemed to have been contributed to the Company
shall fail to settle within (i) in the case of a Loan, fifteen (15) Business Days (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion) from the related Trade Date thereof and (ii) in the case of any other Portfolio Investment, three (3) Business
Days (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) from the related Trade Date thereof.

Market Value Trigger
has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Schedule.

- 20 -

Market Value Trigger
Event means an event that shall have occurred if the Administrative Agent has determined and notified the Portfolio Manager
in writing as of any date that the Net Advances exceed the product of (a) the Net Asset Value and (b) the Market Value Trigger.

Material Adverse Effect
means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations or condition, financial or otherwise, of the Company or the Portfolio
Manager, (b) the ability of the Company, the Seller, the MPA Seller or the Portfolio Manager to perform its obligations under this Agreement
or any of the other Loan Documents or (c) the rights of or benefits available to the Agents or the Lenders under this Agreement or any
of the other Loan Documents.

Material Amendment
means any amendment, modification or supplement to this Agreement that (i) increases the Financing Commitment of any Lender, (ii) reduces
the principal amount of any Advance or reduces the rate of interest thereon (other
than a waiver of the application of the Adjusted Applicable Margin), or reduces any fees payable to a Lender hereunder, (iii) postpones
the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Advance, or any interest thereon, or any other amounts payable hereunder,
or reduces the amount of, waives or excuses any such payment (other than
a waiver of the application of the Adjusted Applicable Margin), or postpones the scheduled date of expiration of any Financing
Commitment, (iv) changes any provision in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required hereby or (v) changes any
of the provisions of this definition or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number
or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder.

Maturity Date
means the date that is the earliest of (1) the Scheduled Termination Date set forth on the Transaction Schedule, (2) the date on which
the Secured Obligations become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Article VII and the acceleration of the
Secured Obligations, (3) the date on which the principal amount of the Advances is irrevocably reduced to zero as a result of one or more
prepayments and the Financing Commitments are irrevocably terminated and (4) the date after a Market Value Event on which all Portfolio
Investments have been sold and the proceeds therefrom have been received by the Company.

Maximum Rate
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.08.

Mezzanine Obligation
means a Portfolio Investment which is not a Senior Secured Loan, a Second Lien Loan or other senior secured corporate debt security.

Minimum Funding Amount
means, on any date of determination, the amount set forth in the table below; provided that, on
and after any Commitment Increase Date, the Minimum Funding Amount shall be the amount set forth in the last row below plus 75%
of the increase in the Financing Commitment resulting from the Commitment Increase Request and any prior Commitment Increase Request::

Period Start Date Period End Date Minimum Funding Amount (U.S.$)

Effective Date To and including December 26, 2024 300,000,000

EffectiveFirst Amendment Date To and including the last day of the Reinvestment Period 300,000,00080% of the Financing Commitment

MPA Seller
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

- 21 -

MV Cure Account
means the account established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any successor accounts established
in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Nationally Recognized
Valuation Provider means (i) Lincoln International LLC (f/k/a Lincoln Partners LLC), (ii) Valuation Research Corporation and,
(iii) Alvarez & Marsal, (iv) Deloitte and (v) Houlihan Lokey;
provided that any independent entity providing professional asset valuation services may be added to this definition by the Company
(with the consent of the Administrative Agent) or added to this definition by the Administrative Agent from time to time by notice thereof
to the Company and the Portfolio Manager; provided, further, that the Administrative Agent may remove any provider from
this definition by written notice to the Company and the Portfolio Manager so long as, after giving effect to such removal, there
are at least three providers listed in clauses (i) through
(v) above remain designated pursuant to this definition.

Net Advances
means the principal amount of the outstanding Advances (inclusive of Advances that have been requested for any outstanding Purchase Commitments
which have traded but not settled) minus the amounts then on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (including cash and Eligible Investments)
representing Principal Proceeds (other than Principal Proceeds that have been identified for use to settle outstanding Purchase Commitments
which have traded but not settled).

Net Asset Value
means, on any date of determination, the sum of (A) the sum of the product for each Portfolio Investment (both
owned and in respect of which there is an outstanding Purchase Commitment that has traded but not settled), other than, for any
Loan, the unfunded commitment amount of a Delayed Funding Term Loan of (x) the Market Value of such Portfolio Investment multiplied by
(y) the funded principal amount of such Portfolio Investment plus (B) the amounts then on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account
(including cash and Eligible Investments); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, (1) the Concentration Limitation Excess,
(2) any Portfolio Investment which has traded but not settled (x) in the case of a Loan, within fifteen (15) Business Days (or such longer
period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) from the related Trade Date thereof and (y) in the case of
any other Portfolio Investment, within three (3) Business Days (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in
its sole discretion) from the related Trade Date thereof and (3) any Ineligible Investments will, in each case, be excluded from the calculation
of the Net Asset Value and assigned a value of zero for such purposes. In addition, any Portfolio Investment in respect of which the requirements
of Section 6.02(ll)(x) have not been satisfied will be excluded from the calculation of the Net Asset Value and assigned a value of zero
for such purposes until such time (if any) as such requirements are satisfied.

Non-Call Period
means, the period beginning on, and including, the Effective Date and ending on, but excluding the earlier of (a) the date of a Non-Call
Termination Event and (b) October 4, 20242025.

Non-Call Termination
Event means the termination of the Non-Call Period by the Company upon at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice
to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent following the occurrence of either of the following
events: (a) the Lenders default in their funding obligations hereunder and such default continues for ten (10) Business Days or (b) JPMorgan
Chase Bank, National Association ceases to act as Administrative Agent.

Notice of Acquisition
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02(a).

NYFRB means
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

- 22 -

Other Connection Taxes
means, with respect to any Secured Party, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Secured Party and the
jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising solely from (and that would not have existed but for) such Secured Party
having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security
interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document).

Other Taxes
means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made
under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest
under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except (i) any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect
to an assignment, grant of a participation, designation of a new office for receiving payments by or on account of the Company or other
transfer and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, any Excluded Taxes.

Parent means
Franklin BSP Capital Corporation.

Parent
Portfolio Investment means each Portfolio Investment sold and/or contributed by the Parent to the Company pursuant to the Sale Agreement.

Parent
Purchased Principal Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate principal balance of all
Parent Portfolio Investments acquired by the Company prior to such date minus (b) the aggregate principal balance of all Parent Portfolio
Investments distributed to or repurchased by the Parent prior to such date.

Partial
PIK Portfolio Investment means a Loan for which the underlying instruments relating thereto permit the payment in kind
of interest, but require that interest at a rate at least equal to the sum of (a) the reference rate applicable to such Loan plus (b)
the greater of (i) 2.25% and (ii) 50% of the margin applicable to such Loan, is paid in cash on at least a quarterly or semi-annual basis.

Participating
Member State means any member state of the European Union that has the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation
of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union.

Participant Register
has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d).

Participation Interest
means a participation interest in a Loan.

PATRIOT Act
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.04(f).

Permitted Distribution
means, on any Business Day, distributions of Interest Proceeds or,
Principal Proceeds (or proceeds
of Advances (in each case, at the discretion of the Company) to the Parent (or other permitted equity holders of the Company) or
to the Portfolio Manager in respect of accrued management fees or expenses in accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement; provided
that amounts may be distributed pursuant to this definition (a) in the case of Interest Proceeds, only to the extent of available Excess
Interest Proceeds and (b) in the case of Principal Proceeds, only prior to the last day of the Reinvestment Period and, in each case,
only so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would occur after giving effect to such Permitted
Distribution), (ii) no Market Value Event shall have occurred (or would occur after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (iii)
the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied (and will be satisfied after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (iv) the Company gives
at least two (2) Business Days prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator,
(v) not more than threetwelve
Permitted Distributions are made in any single Calculation Period and (vi) the Company and the Administrative Agent confirm in writing
(which may be by email) to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator that the conditions to a Permitted Distribution set forth
herein are satisfied. Nothing in this definition shall limit the right or ability of the Company to make a Permitted RIC Distribution
at any time.

- 23 -

Permitted Lien
means any of the following: (a) Liens for Taxes if such Taxes shall not at the time be due and payable or if a Person shall currently
be contesting the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves, if necessary, in accordance
with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Person, (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmens, warehousemens, mechanics,
carriers, workmens and repairmens Liens and other similar Liens, arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business for
sums that are not overdue or are being contested in good faith, (c) Liens granted pursuant to or by the Loan Documents, (d) judgement
Liens not constituting an Event of Default hereunder and,
(e) bankers Liens, rights of setoff and other similar Liens existing solely with respect to cash and Cash Equivalents on deposit in one
or more accounts maintained by such Person, in each case granted in the ordinary course of business in favor of the bank or banks with
which such accounts are maintained, securing amounts owing to such bank with respect to cash management, operating account arrangements
and netting arrangements.,
(f) with respect to collateral underlying any Portfolio Investment, the Lien in favor of the Company herein and Liens permitted under
the underlying instruments related to such Portfolio Investment, (g) as to any agented Portfolio Investment, Liens in favor of the agent
on behalf of all the lenders to the related obligor, and (h) Liens of clearing agencies, broker-dealers and similar Liens incurred in
the ordinary course of business, provided that such Liens (x) attach only to the securities (or proceeds) being purchased or sold and
(y) secure only obligations incurred in connection with such purchase or sale, and not any obligation in connection with financing.

Permitted
Non-USD Currency means AUD, Euros, CAD, and/or GBP, as applicable.

Permitted
Non-USD Currency Account Opening Requirements has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01(a).

Permitted
Non-USD Currency Accounts means the Permitted Non-USD Currency Custodial Accounts, the Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection
Accounts and the Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Accounts, collectively.

Permitted
Non-USD Currency Collection Accounts means the Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Accounts and the Permitted Non-USD
Currency Principal Collection Accounts, collectively.

Permitted
Non-USD Currency Custodial Accounts means, collectively, the accounts established by the Securities Intermediary in respect of each
Permitted Non-USD Currency set forth on the Transaction Schedule and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation
or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Permitted
Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Accounts means, collectively, the accounts established by the Securities Intermediary in respect
of each Permitted Non-USD Currency for the deposit of Interest Proceeds denominated in such Permitted Non-USD Currency and any successor
accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Permitted
Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Accounts means, collectively, the accounts established by the Securities Intermediary in respect
of each Permitted Non-USD Currency for the deposit of Principal Proceeds denominated in such Permitted Non-USD Currency and any successor
accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

- 24 -

Permitted RIC Distribution
means distributions to the Parent (from the Collection Accounts or otherwise) to the extent reasonably required to allow the Parent to
make sufficient distributions to qualify as a regulated investment company within the meaning of Section 851 of the Code and to otherwise
eliminate or minimize federal or state income or excise taxes payable by the Parent in or with respect to any taxable year of the Parent
(or any calendar year, as relevant); provided that (A) the amount of any such payments made in or with respect to any such taxable
year (or calendar year, as relevant) of the Parent shall not exceed the amountamounts
that the Company would behave
been required to distribute to the Parent to: (i) allow the
Company to make sufficient distributions to qualifysatisfy
the minimum distribution requirements that would be imposed by Section 852(a) of the Code (or any successor thereto) to maintain its eligibility
to be taxed as a regulated investment company within the meaning offor
any such taxable year, (ii) reduce to zero for any such taxable year the Companys liability for federal income taxes imposed on (x) its
investment company taxable income pursuant to Section 851852(b)(1)
of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (y) its net capital gain pursuant
to Section 852(b)(3) of the Code (or any successor thereto), and (iii) reduce to zero the Companys liability for federal excise taxes
for any such calendar year imposed pursuant to Section 4982 of the Code (or any successor thereto), in the case of each of (i), (ii) or
(iii), calculated assuming that the Company had qualified to be taxed as a RICregulated
investment company under the Code, (B) after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the amount of Permitted
RIC Distributions made in any calendar quarter shall not exceed U.S.$1,500,000 (or such greater amount consented to by the Administrative
Agent in its sole discretion) and (C) amounts may be distributed pursuant to this definition only to the extent of available Excess Interest
Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds and only so long as (x) the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied immediately prior to and immediately after
giving effect to such Permitted RIC Distribution (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), (y)
the Company gives at least one (1) Business Days prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the
Collateral Administrator and (z) the Company and the Administrative Agent confirm in writing (which may be by email) to the Collateral
Agent and the Collateral Administrator that the conditions to a Permitted RIC Distribution set forth herein are satisfied.

Permitted Working Capital
Lien has meaning set forth in the definition of Senior Secured Loan.

Person means
any natural person, corporation, partnership, trust, limited liability company, association, Governmental Authority or unit, or any other
entity, whether acting in an individual, fiduciary or other capacity.

Plan means
any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV
of ERISA established by the Company, the Parent or any ERISA Affiliate.

Plan Asset Rules
means the regulations issued by the United States Department of Labor at Section 2510.3-101 of Part 2510 of Chapter XXV, Title 29 of the
United States Code of Federal Regulations, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA.

Portfolio
means all Portfolio Investments Purchased hereunder and not otherwise sold or liquidated.

- 25 -

Portfolio
Company means any Person that meets the definition of the term Affiliate with respect to the Company or the
Portfolio Manager solely as a result of portfolio investments made by any Affiliates of the Portfolio Manager or Benefit Street Partners
L.L.C.

Portfolio Investments
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Portfolio Management
Agreement means the portfolio management agreement, dated as of the EffectiveFirst
Amendment Date, by and between the Company and the Portfolio Manager.

Portfolio Manager
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Possessory Collateral
has the meaning set forth in the definition of Deliver.

Prime Rate
means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by JPMCB as its prime rate in effect at its principal
office in New York City; each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced
as being effective.

Principal Collection
Account means the account(s) established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit
of Principal Proceeds and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of the Securities Intermediary.

Principal Proceeds
means all amounts received by the Company with respect to the Portfolio Investments or any other Collateral, and all amounts otherwise
on deposit in the Collateral Accounts (including cash contributed by the Company), in each case other than Interest Proceeds or amounts
on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account.

Priority of Payments
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.05.

Proceeding
has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(b).

Purchase
means each acquisition of a Portfolio Investment hereunder, including by way of a contribution by the Parent to the Company pursuant to
the Sale Agreement and the acquisition of a participation interest pursuant to the Participation Agreement.

Purchase Commitment
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.02(a).

Reference
Rate means (i) with respect to Advances denominated in USD and related calculations, the Term SOFR Rate, (ii) with respect to Advances
denominated in CAD and related calculations, Term CORRA, (iii) with respect to Advances denominated in GBP and related calculations, Daily
Simple SONIA, (iv) with respect to Advances denominated in Euros and related calculations, EURIBOR, and (v) with respect to Advances Denominated
in AUD, the AUD Screen Rate.

Reference
Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago
time), two (2) Business Days preceding the date of such setting and (2) if such Benchmark is not the Term SOFR Rate, the time determined
by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Company.

Register
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c).

- 26 -

Reinvestment Period means the
period beginning on, and including, the Effective Date and ending on, but excluding, the earliest of (i) October 4, 20262028,
(ii) the date on which a Market Value Event occurs and (iii) the date on which an Event of Default occurs.;
provided that, in the case of this clause (iii), with the written consent of the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent
(which consent may be granted or withheld in their respective sole discretion), at the request of the Portfolio Manager, the Reinvestment
Period may be reinstated if such Event of Default is waived or is cured prior to any declaration of the Secured Obligations as due and
payable pursuant to Article VII as a result of such Event of Default.

Related Parties
has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01.

Relevant Governmental
Body means the(i)
with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated in USD, the Federal Reserve Board and/or,
the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal
Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB or, in each case, any successor thereto.and
(ii) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Advances denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, (a) the central bank
for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising
either (1) such Benchmark Replacement or (2) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (b) any working group or committee officially
endorsed or convened by (1) the central bank for the currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (2) any central bank
or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark
Replacement, (3) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

Request for Advance
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(d).

Required Lenders
means Lenders holding 50.1% or more of the sum of (i) the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances plus (ii) the
aggregate undrawn amount of the outstanding Financing Commitments.

Responsible Officer
means with respect to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator, any officer of the Collateral
Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator customarily performing functions with respect to corporate trust matters
and, with respect to a particular corporate trust matter under this Agreement, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because
of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and, in each case, having direct responsibility for the administration
of this Agreement.

Restricted Payment
means (i) any dividend or other distribution (including, without limitation, a distribution of non-cash assets), direct or indirect, on
account of any shares or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding; (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking
fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, by the Company of any shares or other equity interests
in the Company now or hereafter outstanding; and (iii) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants,
options or other rights to acquire shares or other equity interests in the Company now or hereafter outstanding.

Revolving Loan
means any Loan (other than a Delayed Funding Term Loan, but including funded and unfunded portions of revolving credit lines) that under
the underlying instruments relating thereto may require one or more future advances to be made to the obligor by a creditor, but any such
Loan will be a Revolving Loan only until all commitments by the holders thereof to make advances to the obligor thereon expire or are
terminated or are irrevocably reduced to zero.

- 27 -

Sale Agreement
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Sanctioned Country
means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement,
Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea).

Sanctioned Person
means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets
Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the European
Union, any EU member state, HerHis
Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in
a Sanctioned Country, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b) or
(d) any Person otherwise the subject of Sanctions.

Sanctions
means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government,
including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of
State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any EU member state, HerHis
Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other relevant sanctions authority.

Second Lien Loan
means a Loan or note (i) that is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is validly perfected and second priority (subject
to liens permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar Loans or notes) under Applicable
Law (other than a Loan or note that is second priority to a Permitted Working Capital Lien) and (ii) the Portfolio Manager determines
in good faith that the value of the collateral securing the Loan or note (including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of
origination or acquisition by the Company equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the Loan or note plus the aggregate outstanding
balances of all other Loans or notes of equal or higher seniority secured by the same collateral.

Secured Obligation
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a).

Secured Party
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02(a).

Securities Intermediary
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Seller has
the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

Senior Secured Loan
means any Loan or note, that (i) is not (and is not expressly permitted by its terms to become) subordinate in right of payment to any
obligation of the obligor in any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings (other than
pursuant to a Permitted Working Capital Lien and customary waterfall provisions contained in the applicable loan agreement), (ii) is secured
by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is (a) validly perfected and first priority under Applicable Law (subject to liens
permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable for similar Loans or notes, and liens accorded priority by law
in favor of any Governmental Authority) or (b)(1) validly perfected and second priority in the accounts, documents, instruments, inventory,
chattel paper, letter-of-credit rights, supporting obligations, deposit accounts, investments accounts (as such terms are defined in the
UCC) and any other assets securing any Working Capital Revolver under Applicable Law and proceeds of any of the foregoing (a first priority
lien on such assets a Permitted Working Capital Lien) and (2) validly perfected and first priority (subject to liens
permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar Loans or notes) in all other collateral
under Applicable Law, and (iii) the Portfolio Manager determines in good faith that the value of the collateral for such Loan or note
(including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of acquisition equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the Loan
or note plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other Loans or notes of equal or higher seniority secured by a first priority Lien
over the same collateral.

- 28 -

Settlement Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

SOFR means
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate.

Solvent means,
with respect to any Person, that as of the date of determination, (a) the sum of such Persons debt (including contingent liabilities)
does not exceed the present fair value of such Persons present assets; (b) such Persons capital is not unreasonably small
in relation to its business as contemplated on the date of this Agreement; and (c) such Person has not incurred debts beyond its ability
to pay such debts as they become due (whether at maturity or otherwise). For purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent
liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents
the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.

SONIA
means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day published
by the SONIA Administrator on the SONIA Administrators Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day.

SONIA
Administrator means The Bank of England (or a successor administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average).

SONIA
Administrators Website means the Bank of Englands website, currently at http://www.bankofengland.co.uk, or any successor source
for the Sterling Overnight Index Average identified as such by the SONIA Administrator from time to time.

Spot
Rate means, as of any date of determination and with respect to any then-current Permitted Non-USD Currency, (x) with respect to
actual currency exchange between USD and any Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable currency-USD rate available through the Collateral
Agents banking facilities (or, if the Collateral Agent has notified the Administrative Agent and the Company that it will no longer provide
such services or if U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association or one of its Affiliates is no longer the Collateral Agent, through
such other source agreed to by the Administrative Agent in
writing at the time of such exchange or calculation) and (y) with respect to all other purposes between USD and any Permitted Non-USD
Currency, the applicable currency-USD spot rate that appeared on the BFIX page of Bloomberg Professional Service (or any successor thereto)
(or such other recognized service or publication used by the Collateral Administrator for purposes of determining currency spot rates
in the ordinary course of its business from time to time) for such currency at 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the immediately preceding
Business Day, as determined by the Administrative Agent (with notice to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator). The determination
of the Spot Rate shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

Subsidiary
of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of
the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other
than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or
the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person.

- 29 -

Syndication Letter
means the letter agreement, dated as of the Effective Date, by and between the Company and the Administrative Agent.

TARGET2
Settlement Day means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) system
(or if such payment system ceases to be operative, such after payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation
with the Company to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro.

Taxes means
all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other
charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

Term SOFR
RateCORRA means, for each Calculation Period
relating to an Advance denominated in USDCAD,
the Term SOFRCORRA
Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement
of such Calculation Period for rates withfor a tenor
of three (3) months, as such rate is published by the CME
Term SOFRCORRA
Administrator.on the Term
CORRA Determination Date for such Calculation Period; provided, however, that if as of 1:00 p.m. (Toronto time) on the Term CORRA Determination
Date the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor has not been published by the Term CORRA Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date
with respect to the Term CORRA Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term CORRA will be the Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor as
published by the Term CORRA Administrator on the first preceding Business Day for which such Term CORRA Reference Rate for such tenor
was published by the Term CORRA Administrator; provided, further, that, in the event that the rate resulting from the sum of any Term
CORRA shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be the zero for purposes of this Agreement.

Term
CORRA Administrator means Candeal Benchmark Administration Services Inc., TSX Inc., or any successor administrator of the Canadian
Overnight Repo Rate Average.

Term
CORRA Determination Date means, with respect to each Calculation Period, the day that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first
day of such Calculation Period.

Term
CORRA Reference Rate the forward-looking term rate based on CORRA.

Term
SOFR Rate means, for each Calculation Period relating to an Advance denominated in USD, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at
approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Calculation Period for rates with a
tenor of three months, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator.

Term SOFR Reference
Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day), for each Calculation Period
relating to an Advance denominated in USD, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate
based on SOFR; provided that if the Term SOFR Reference Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed
to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. If by 5:00 pm (Central Standard time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following
any Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term
SOFR Administrator, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published
in respect of the first preceding Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator,
so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than five (5) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day.

Trade Date
has the meaning set forth in Section 1.03.

- 30 -

Transaction Schedule
has the meaning set forth in the introductory section of this Agreement.

UCC means
the Uniform Commercial Code in effect in the State of New York.

Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the applicable Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided
that, if the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement will be deemed
to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement.

Unfunded Exposure Account
means the account established by the Securities Intermediary and set forth on the Transaction Schedule for the deposit of funds used to
cash collateralize the Unfunded Exposure Amount and any successor accounts established in connection with the resignation or removal of
the Securities Intermediary.

Unfunded Exposure Amount
means, on any date of determination, with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan, an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all unfunded
commitments associated with such Delayed Funding Term Loan.

Unfunded Exposure Shortfall
means, on any date of determination, an amount equal to the greater of (i) 0 and (ii) the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount for all Portfolio
Investments minus the sum of (x) the amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account and (y) 2.5% of the Collateral Principal
Amount.

USD and U.S.$
means United States dollars.

U.S. Person
means any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.

U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(f).

Withholding Agent
means the Company and the Administrative Agent.

Working Capital Revolver
means a revolving lending facility secured on a first lien basis solely by all or a portion of the current assets of the related obligor,
which current assets subject to such security interest do not constitute a material portion of the obligors enterprise value.

ARTICLE
I

THE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS

SECTION 1.01. Purchases
of Portfolio Investments. On the Effective Date, the Company shall acquire the Initial Portfolio Investments from the MPA Seller
pursuant to the Participation Agreement. From time to time during the Reinvestment Period the Company may Purchase additional
Portfolio Investments, or request that Portfolio Investments be Purchased for the Companys account, all on and subject to the terms
and conditions set forth herein.

SECTION 1.02.
Procedures for Purchases and Related Advances.

(a) Timing
of Notices of Acquisition. No later than five (5) Agent Business Days (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree
in its sole discretion) before the date on which the Company proposes that a binding commitment to acquire any Portfolio Investment (other
than an Initial Portfolio Investment) be made by it or for its account (a Purchase Commitment), the Portfolio Manager,
on behalf of the Company, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a notice of acquisition (a Notice of Acquisition).

- 31 -

(b) Contents
of Notices of Acquisition. Each Notice of Acquisition shall consist of one or more electronic submissions to the Administrative Agent
(in such format and transmitted in such a manner as the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager and the Company may reasonably agree
(which shall initially be the format and include the information regarding such Portfolio Investment identified on Schedule 2)), and shall
be accompanied by such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to
the extent such information is reasonably available to the Portfolio Manager.

(c) Eligibility
of Portfolio Investments. The Administrative Agent shall have the right, on behalf of all Lenders, to request additional information
regarding any proposed Portfolio Investment. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Portfolio Manager and the Company of its approval
or failure to approve each Portfolio Investment proposed to be acquired pursuant to a Notice of Acquisition (and, if approved, an initial
determination of the Market Value for such Portfolio Investment) no later than the fifth (5th) Agent Business Day succeeding
the date on which it receives such Notice of Acquisition and any information reasonably requested in connection therewith; provided
that (i) any Initial Portfolio Investment shall be deemed to be approved by the Administrative Agent and (ii) the failure of the Administrative
Agent to notify the Portfolio Manager and the Company of its approval in accordance with this Section 1.02(c) shall be deemed to be a
disapproval of such proposed acquisition. Each approval granted by the Administrative Agent for the purchase of a proposed Portfolio Investment
shall remain effective for a period of thirty (30) days.

(d) The
failure of the Administrative Agent to approve the acquisition of a Portfolio Investment will not prohibit the Company from acquiring
such Portfolio Investment (subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1.03); provided that any Portfolio Investment not so
approved prior to its Trade Date shall be deemed to be an Ineligible Investment until such later date (if any) on which such Portfolio
Investment is so approved.

SECTION 1.03. Conditions
to Purchases. No Purchase Commitment or Purchase shall be entered into or made unless each of the following conditions is satisfied
as of the date on which such Purchase Commitment is entered into or such Purchase would otherwise be made (such Portfolio Investments
Trade Date):

(1) the
information contained in the Notice of Acquisition accurately describes, in all material respects, such Portfolio Investment and such
Portfolio Investment satisfies the eligibility criteria set forth in Schedule 3 (the Eligibility Criteria);

(2) with
respect to a Purchase, the proposed Settlement Date for such Portfolio Investment is not later than (i) in the case of a Loan, the date
that is fifteen (15) Business Days (or such longer period of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after
such Trade Date or (ii) in the case of any other Portfolio Investment, the date that is three (3) Business Days (or such longer period
of time agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after such Trade Date;

(3) no
Market Value Event has occurred and no Event of Default or event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event
of Default (a Default), has occurred and is continuing (unless,
in the case of a Default, such Default would be cured by such asset purchase and no other Market Value Event, Default or Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing), and the Reinvestment Period has not otherwise ended; and

- 32 -

(4) unless
any of Market Value Event or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, immediately after giving pro forma effect to the
Purchase of such Portfolio Investment and the related Advance, the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied or,
if the Borrowing Base Test was not satisfied immediately prior to such Purchase, the Borrowing Base Test will be improved by such Purchase.

In addition, it shall be a condition
to the first Purchase Commitment in respect of any Purchase made by the Company pursuant to the Sale Agreement that the Administrative
Agent has received an opinion of counsel of Ropes & Gray LLPnationally
recognized counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to it with respect to certain true sale matters relating to Purchases
by the Company under the Sale Agreement.

If the above conditions to a
Purchase Commitment or a Purchase are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall determine, in consultation
with the Administrative Agent and with notice to the Lenders and the Collateral Administrator, the date on which such Purchase (if any)
shall settle (the Settlement Date for such Portfolio Investment). Promptly following the Settlement Date for a Portfolio
Investment and its receipt thereof (and at other times thereafter promptly following the written request of the Administrative Agent (including
via email)), the Collateral Administrator shall provide to the Administrative Agent, to the extent received from the Company, a copy of
the executed assignment agreement pursuant to which such Portfolio Investment was assigned, sold or otherwise transferred to the Company.

SECTION 1.04. Sales of
Portfolio Investments. The Company will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Portfolio Investment or any other asset without
the prior consent of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders), except that, subject to Section 6.02(w),
the Company may sell any Portfolio Investment (including any Ineligible Investment) or other asset without the prior consent of the Administrative
Agent so long as, (x) after giving effect thereto, no Market Value Trigger Event has occurred (unless such sale is made in connection
with a Market Value Cure) and,
no Default orhas occurred
and is continuing (unless such sale is made in connection with a Market Value Cure), and no Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing and (y) the sale of such asset by the Company shall be on an arms-length basis at fair market value and in accordance with
the Portfolio Managers standard market practices. In addition, (a) within two (2) Business Days (or such longer period as the Administrative
Agent may agree in its sole discretion) of any Delayed Funding Term Loan with an unfunded commitment becoming an Ineligible Investment,
the Company, subject to clauses (x) and (y) in the immediately preceding sentence, shall sell such Delayed Funding Term Loan and shall
pay any amount payable in connection with such sale and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent within two (2) Business Days
(or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) of any other Portfolio Investment becoming an Ineligible
Investment, the Company shall, subject to clauses (x) and (y) in the immediately preceding sentence, sell,
distribute or transfer such Portfolio Investment.(which,
for the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding any provision of the Loan Documents to the contrary, may be effected by way of a cashless
distribution to the Parent subject to the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion).

- 33 -

Notwithstanding anything in
this Agreement to the contrary (but subject to this Section 1.04): (i) following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event
of Default, neither the Company nor the Portfolio Manager on its behalf shall have any right to cause the sale, transfer or other disposition
of a Portfolio Investment or any other asset (including, without limitation, the transfer of amounts on deposit in the Collateral Accounts)
without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the
Administrative Agent), (ii) following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
sell Portfolio Investments (individually or in lots, including a lot comprised of all of the Portfolio Investments) at the sole direction
of, and in the manner (including, without limitation, the time of sale, sale price, principal amount to be sold and purchaser) required
by the Administrative Agent (provided that the Administrative Agent shall only require sales at the direction of the Required Lenders
and at least equal to the then-current fair market value and in accordance with the Administrative Agents standard market practices)
and the proceeds from such sales shall be used to prepay the Advances outstanding hereunder and (iii) following the occurrence of a Market
Value Event, the Portfolio Manager shall have no right to act on behalf of, or otherwise direct, the Company, the Administrative Agent,
the Collateral Agent or any other Person in connection with a sale of Portfolio Investments pursuant to any provision of this Agreement
except with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. Following the occurrence of a Market Value Event and in connection
with the sale of any Portfolio Investment by or at the direction of the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall take such actions
as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in writing (including via email) to facilitate the consummation of such sale including,
without limitation and if so requested, using commercially reasonable efforts to cause any of its Affiliates acting as administrative
agent with respect to such Portfolio Investment to execute and deliver an assignment agreement in respect of such Portfolio Investment
naming the Administrative Agent or such other Person designated by it as assignee.

Any prepayments made pursuant
to this paragraph shall automatically reduce the Financing Commitments as provided in Section 4.07(c).

In connection with any sale
of Portfolio Investments required by the Administrative Agent following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent
or a designee of the Administrative Agent shall:

(i) notify
the Company at the Designated Email Notification Address promptly upon distribution of bid solicitations regarding the sale of such Portfolio
Investments;

(ii) use
commercially reasonable efforts to solicit a bid for such Portfolio Investments from the Designated Independent Dealer; and

(iii) direct
the Company to sell such Portfolio Investments to the Designated Independent Dealer if the Designated Independent Dealer provides the
highest bid in the case where bids are received in respect of the sale of such Portfolio Investments, it being understood that if the
Designated Independent Dealer provides a bid to the Administrative Agent that is the highest bona fide bid to purchase a Portfolio Investment
on a line-item basis where such Portfolio Investment is part of a pool of Portfolio Investments for which there is a bona fide bid on
a pool basis proposed to be accepted by the Administrative Agent (in its sole discretion), then the Administrative Agent shall accept
any such line-item bid only if such line-item bid (together with any other line-item bids by the Designated Independent Dealer or any
other bidder for other Portfolio Investments in such pool) is greater than the bid on a pool basis.

For purposes of this paragraph,
the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to disregard as invalid any bid submitted by the Designated Independent Dealer if, in the Administrative
Agents judgment (acting reasonably):

(A) either:

(x) the
Designated Independent Dealer is ineligible to accept assignment or transfer of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof,
as applicable, substantially in accordance with the then-current market practice in the principal market for the relevant Portfolio Investments;
or

- 34 -

(y) the
Designated Independent Dealer would not, through the exercise of its commercially reasonable efforts, be able to obtain any consent required
under any agreement or instrument governing or otherwise relating to the relevant Portfolio Investments to the assignment or transfer
of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof, as applicable, to it; or

(B) such
bid is not bona fide, including, without limitation, due to (x) the insolvency of the Designated Independent Dealer or (y) the inability,
failure or refusal of the Designated Independent Dealer to settle the purchase of the relevant Portfolio Investments or any portion thereof,
as applicable, or otherwise settle transactions in the relevant market or perform its obligations generally.

In connection with any sale
of a Portfolio Investment directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 1.04 and the application of the net proceeds thereof,
the Company hereby appoints the Administrative Agent as the Companys attorney-in-fact (it being understood that the Administrative Agent
shall not be deemed to have assumed any of the obligations of the Company by this appointment), with full authority in the place and stead
of the Company and in the name of the Company to effectuate the provisions of this Section 1.04 (including, without limitation, the power
to execute any instrument which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes
of this Section 1.04 or any direction or notice to the Collateral Agent in respect of the application of net proceeds of any such sales).
None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or any
Affiliate of any thereof shall incur any liability to the Company, the Portfolio Manager, any Lender or any other Person in connection
with any sale effected at the direction of the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Section 1.04, including, without limitation,
as a result of the price obtained for any Portfolio Investment, the timing of any sale or sales of Portfolio Investments or the notice
or lack of notice provided to any Person in connection with any such sale, so long as, in the case of the Administrative Agent only, any
such sale does not violate Applicable Law.

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, after giving pro forma effect to any transaction pursuant to this Section 1.04, (i) the value of the Parent Portfolio Investments
substituted or sold by the Company to the Parent may not exceed 20% of the Parent Purchased Principal Balance as of the date of such sale
or dividend, and (ii) the value of the Parent Portfolio Investments that are Defaulted Obligations substituted or sold by the Company
to the Parent may not exceed 10% of the Parent Purchased Principal Balance measured as of the date of such sale or dividend.

SECTION 1.05. Certain
Assumptions relating to Portfolio Investments. For purposes of all calculations hereunder, any Portfolio Investment for which the
trade date in respect of a sale thereof by the Company has occurred, but the settlement date for such sale has not occurred, shall be
considered to be owned by the Company until such settlement date.

SECTION
1.06. Additional Equity Contributions. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Parent may, but shall have no
obligation to, at any time or from time to time make a capital contribution to the Company for any purpose, including for the purpose
of curing any Default or Event of Default, in connection with a Market Value Cure, satisfying any Borrowing Base Test, enabling the acquisition
or sale of any Portfolio Investment or satisfying any conditions under Section 2.04. Each contribution shall either be made (a) in cash,
(b) by assignment and contribution of Cash Equivalents and/or (c) by assignment and contribution of a Portfolio Investment that satisfies
all of the Eligibility Criteria and could otherwise be sold to the Company in compliance with this Agreement.

- 35 -

SECTION
1.07. Currency Equivalents. 

(a)Except
as set forth in clause (b) and Section 4.06(b), for purposes of all valuations and calculations under the Loan Documents, (i) the principal
amount of all Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, (ii) proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency
on deposit in any Permitted Non-USD Currency Account and (iii) for the purposes of Net Advances and the Borrowing Base Test, the outstanding
aggregate principal amount of Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be calculated into the Dollar Equivalent at the
Spot Rate in accordance with the definition of such term in consultation with the Administrative Agent on the applicable date of valuation
or calculation, as applicable.

(b)Except
as provided in Section 4.06(b), for purposes of determining (i) whether the amount of any Advance, together with all other Advances then
outstanding or to be made at the same time as such Advances, would exceed the aggregate amount of the Financing Commitments, (ii) the
aggregate unutilized amount of the Financing Commitments and (iii) the limitations on the portion of the Financing Limit and the Financing
Commitment that may be utilized in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the outstanding principal amount of any Advances that are denominated
in any Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the Permitted Non-USD Currency of such
Advances determined as of the date such Advances were made. Wherever in this Agreement in connection with an Advance, an amount, such
as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in USD, but such Advance is denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, such amount
shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such Permitted Non-USD Currency amount (rounded to the nearest 1,000 units of the applicable Permitted
Non-USD Currency).

SECTION
1.08. [Reserved].

ARTICLE
II

THE ADVANCES

SECTION 2.01. Financing
Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, only during the Reinvestment Period, each Lender hereby severally
agrees to make available to the Company Advances, in U.S. dollarsa
Currency (which, in the case of an Advance made to Purchase a Portfolio Investment, shall be the Currency in which such Portfolio Investment
is denominated), in an aggregate amount outstanding not exceeding the amount of such Lenders Financing Commitment (or
such Lenders Financing Commitment relating to the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency); provided that it is understood and agreed
that no Lender shall be required to make any Advance in a Permitted Non-USD Currency until such time as the Administrative Agent confirms
in writing (which may be by email) to the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Agent and the Securities Intermediary that the
Permitted Non-USD Currency Account Opening Requirements with respect to the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Account are satisfied.
The Financing Commitments shall terminate on the earliest of (a) the last day of the Reinvestment Period, (b) the Maturity Date and (c)
the occurrence of a Market Value Event.

SECTION 2.02. [Reserved].

SECTION 2.03. Advances;
Use of Proceeds.

(a) Subject
to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the Purchase of a Portfolio Investment set forth in Section 1.03 and/or an Advance
set forth in Section 2.05 as of (i) the related Trade Date (in the case of the conditions to Purchase) and (ii) the Advance date (in the
case of the conditions to Advance), the Lenders will (ratably in accordance with their respective Financing Commitments) make the applicable
Advance available to the Company on the related Settlement Date (or otherwise on the related Advance date if no Portfolio Investment is
being acquired on such date) as provided herein.

- 36 -

(b) Except
as expressly provided herein, the failure of any Lender to make any Advance required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its
obligations hereunder. If any Lender shall fail to provide any Advance to the Company required hereunder, then the Administrative Agent
may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent
for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lenders obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid.

(c) Subject
to Section 2.03(f), the Company shall use the proceeds of the Advances received by it hereunder (i)
to purchase the Portfolio Investments identified in the related Notice of Acquisition or,
(ii) to make advances to the obligor of Delayed Funding Term Loans in accordance with the underlying instruments relating thereto
or (iii) to make Permitted Distributions; provided that, if
the proceeds of an Advance are deposited in the Collection Account or a Permitted
Non-USD Currency Collection Account as provided in Section 3.01 prior to or on the Settlement Date for any Portfolio Investment
but the Company is unable to Purchase such Portfolio Investment on the related Settlement Date, or if there are proceeds of such Advance
remaining after such Purchase, then, subject to Section 3.01(a), upon written notice from the Portfolio Manager the Collateral Agent shall
apply such proceeds as provided in Section 4.05; provided further
that, the proceeds of the Advances on the First Amendment Date in the amount of the Rollover Amount (as defined in the First Amendment)
shall be used for the cashless roll settlement of the Rollover Facility. The proceeds of the Advances shall not be
used for any other purpose except to the extent expressly set forth in the Effective Date Letter.

(d) With
respect to any Advance, the Portfolio Manager shall, on behalf of the Company, submit a request substantially in the form of Exhibit A
(a Request for Advance) to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral
Administrator, not later than 2:00 p.m. New York City time, one (1) Business Day (or,
in the case of an Advance denominated in AUD, three (3) Business Days) prior to the Business Day specified as the date on which
such Advance shall be made and, upon receipt of such request, the Lenders shall make such Advances in accordance with the terms set forth
in Section 3.01. Any requested Advance shall be in an amount such that, after giving effect thereto and the related purchase (if any)
of the applicable Portfolio Investment(s), the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied.

(e) [Reserved].

(f) If,
on any date of determination prior to the second Business Day before the last day of the Reinvestment Period, there exists an Unfunded
Exposure Shortfall, the Company shall (i) request an Advance and, if the conditions to such Advance are satisfied and such Advance is
made in accordance with this Agreement, deposit the proceeds thereof in the Unfunded Exposure Account and/or (ii) deposit cash from other
sources into the Unfunded Exposure Account in an aggregate amount at least equal to the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Shortfall. If two
Business Days prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period there exists any Unfunded Exposure Amount, then the Portfolio Manager, on behalf
of the Company, shall be deemed to have requested an Advance on such date, and the Lenders shall make a corresponding Advance on the last
day of the Reinvestment Period (with written notice to the Collateral Administrator by the Administrative Agent) in accordance with Article
III in an amount, to be deposited in the Unfunded Exposure Account, equal to the least of (i) the aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount,
(ii) the Financing Commitments in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Advances and (iii) an amount such that the
Borrowing Base Test is satisfied after giving effect to such Advance; provided that, if the Company provides evidence to the Administrative
Agent that it has cash from other sources that is available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to make any such future advances
in respect of any Delayed Funding Term Loan, then the amount of any such Advance shall be reduced by the amount of such funds. After giving
effect to such Advance, the Company shall cause the proceeds of such Advance and cash from other sources that are available in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement in an amount (together with amounts already on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account) equal to the
aggregate Unfunded Exposure Amount to be deposited in the Unfunded Exposure Account.

- 37 -

SECTION 2.04. Conditions
to Effective Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Agreement shall not become effective until the date (the
Effective Date) on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived by the Administrative Agent in its
sole discretion): 

(a) Executed
Counterparts. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each party hereto either (i) a counterpart of this
Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include
electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement.

(b) Loan
Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received reasonably satisfactory evidence that the Sale Agreement,
the Account Control Agreement, the Participation Agreement and the Portfolio Management Agreement have been executed and are in full force
and effect, and that the initial grant of Participation Interests contemplated by the Participation Agreement shall have been consummated
in accordance with the terms thereof.

(c) Opinions.
The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received one or more reasonably satisfactory written opinions of counsel for the
Company, the Portfolio Manager, the MPA Seller and the Seller, covering such matters relating to the transactions contemplated hereby
and by the other Loan Documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request (including, without limitation, certain true participation
matters relating to the Participation Agreement and certain non-consolidation matters).

(d) Corporate
Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency
certificates and/or other certificates of officers of the Company, the MPA Seller, the Seller and the Portfolio Manager as the Administrative
Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each officer thereof or other Person authorized to act
in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and such other documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent
or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Company, the MPA Seller, the Seller
and the Portfolio Manager and any other legal matters relating to the Company, the Parent, the Portfolio Manager, this Agreement or the
transactions contemplated hereby, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel; provided
that the Portfolio Manager shall not be required to provide a copy of its operating agreement to the Administrative Agent.

(e) Payment
of Fees, Etc. The Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator shall have received all
fees and other amounts due and payable by the Company in connection herewith on or prior to the Effective Date, including the fee payable
pursuant to Section 4.03(e), and, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses
(including legal fees and expenses) required to be reimbursed or paid by the Company hereunder.

(f) PATRIOT
Act, Etc. (i) To the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender, the Administrative Agent,
Collateral Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, shall have received all documentation and other information required by regulatory
authorities under the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act)
and other applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations and (ii) to the extent the Company
qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least two Business Days prior to the Effective
Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Company at least 10 days prior to the Effective Date, a Beneficial Ownership
Certification in relation to the Company shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification.

- 38 -

(g) Filings.
Copies of proper financing statements, as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, desirable under the UCC of
all appropriate jurisdictions or any comparable law to perfect the security interest of the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured
Parties in all Collateral in which an interest may be pledged hereunder.

(h) Certain
Acknowledgements. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) UCC, tax and judgment lien searches, bankruptcy and pending lawsuit
searches or equivalent reports or searches indicating that there are no effective lien notices or comparable documents that name the Company
as debtor and that are filed in the jurisdiction in which the Company is organized and (ii) a UCC lien search indicating that there are
no effective lien notices or comparable documents that name the MPA Seller or the Seller as debtor which cover any of the Portfolio Investments
(other than any lien notices with respect to which the underlying lien will be released in connection with the transfers contemplated
by the Participation Agreement).

(i) Officers
Certificate. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a certificate of an officer of the Company, certifying
that the conditions set forth in Sections 2.05(4) and 2.05(6) have been satisfied on and as of the Effective Date.

SECTION 2.05. Conditions
to Advances. No Advance shall be made unless each of the following conditions is satisfied as of the proposed date of such Advance:

(1) the
Effective Date shall have occurred;

(2) the
Company shall have delivered a Request for Advance in accordance with Section 2.03(d);

(3) no
Market Value Event has occurred;

(4) no
Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing;

(5) the
Reinvestment Period has not ended;

(6) all
of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material
respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and
correct), in each case on and as of the date of such Advance, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically
refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations
and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date; and

(7) after
giving pro forma effect to such Advance (and any related Purchase) hereunder:

(x) the
Borrowing Base Test is satisfied;

- 39 -

(y) the aggregate
principal balance of Advances then outstanding will not exceed the limit for Advances set forth in the Transaction Schedule; and

(z) in
the case of an Advance made in connection with a Purchase, the amount of such Advance shall be not less than U.S.$1,000,000.

If the above conditions to an
Advance are satisfied or waived by the Administrative Agent, the Portfolio Manager shall determine, in consultation with the Administrative
Agent and with notice to the Lenders and the Collateral Administrator, the date on which any Advance shall be provided.

SECTION
2.06. Commitment Increase Option. The Company may, at any time during
the Reinvestment Period, submit a Commitment Increase Request for an increase in the Financing Commitment to up to U.S.$800,000,0001,050,000,000
(in the aggregate including the Financing Commitment prior to the effectiveness of such Commitment Increase Request), subject
to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:

(a) each
of the Lenders and Administrative Agent (in their sole discretion) approve in writing (which may be by email) such Commitment Increase
Request;

(b) no
Market Value Event shall have occurred and no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in each case on and as of the Commitment
Increase Date;

(c) the
Borrowing Base Test is satisfied on and as of the Commitment Increase Date;

(d) all
of the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in any other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material
respects (or with respect to such representations and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and
correct), in each case on and as of the Commitment Increase Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically
refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (or with respect to such representations
and warranties which by their terms contain materiality qualifiers, shall be true and correct) as of such earlier date;

(e) no
commitment reduction shall have occurred pursuant to Section 4.07(a) in connection with a Non-Call Termination Event prior to the Commitment
Increase Date;

(f) the
Company shall have paid to the Administrative Agent on the Commitment Increase Date, for the account of each Lender, an upfront fee in
an aggregate amount specified in the Effective Date Letter;

(g) any
Commitment Increase Request shall be in an amount not less than $50,000,000; and

(h) receipt
by the Administrative Agent of such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, including without limitation,
documentation similar to that provided pursuant to Sections 2.04(c) and (d) on the Effective Date.

- 40 -

ARTICLE
III

ADDITIONAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO THE Advances

SECTION 3.01. The Advances.

(a) Making
the Advances. If the Lenders are required to make an Advance to the Company as provided in Section 2.03, then each Lender shall make
such Advance in the applicable Currency on the proposed date thereof
by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 12:00 noon, New York City time, to the Collateral Agent for deposit to the Principal
Collection Account; provided(or,
in the case of Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Collection Account); provided
that it is understood and agreed that no Lender shall be required to make any Advance in a Permitted Non-USD Currency until such time
as the Administrative Agent confirms in writing (which may be by email) to the Company, the Portfolio Manager, the Collateral Agent and
the Securities Intermediary that the Permitted Non-USD Currency Account Opening Requirements with respect to the applicable Permitted
Non-USD Currency Account are satisfied; and provided further, that the Company hereby directs the Lenders to pay proceeds
of the Advance to be made on the Effective Date (to the extent that such Advance is made under this Agreement upon satisfaction of the
conditions thereto) in the amounts specified in the Effective Date Letter, in accordance with the instructions set forth in the Effective
Date Letter. Each Lender at its option may make any Advance by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make
such Advance; provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Company to repay such Advance in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may borrow and prepay Advances.
The Company may, during the Reinvestment Period, reborrow Advances in an amount up to (x) the aggregate Financing Commitments of the Lenders
on such date minus (y) the Minimum Funding Amount, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. Except as set forth in the immediately
preceding sentence, once prepaid, Advances may not be reborrowed.

Payment of the proceeds of Advances
by the Lenders in accordance with the instructions set forth in the Effective Date Letter as provided in the immediately preceding paragraph
will constitute the making of the applicable Advances (or portions thereof, as applicable) to the Company for all purposes and all obligations
of the Lenders to make such Advance shall be satisfied thereby.

(b) Interest
on the Advances. Subject to Section 3.01(h), all outstanding Advances shall bear interest (from and including the date on which such
Advance is made) at a per annum rate equal to the Term SOFR Rateapplicable
Benchmark for each Calculation Period in effect plus the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction Schedule;
provided that, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all outstanding Advances and any unpaid
interest thereon shall bear interest (from and including the date of such Event of Default) at a per annum rate equal to the Term
SOFR Rateapplicable Benchmark for each Calculation
Period in effect plus the Adjusted Applicable Margin; provided further that, for purposes of this Section 3.01(b), if the
aggregate amount of outstanding Advances at any time is less than the Minimum Funding Amount, the amount of outstanding Advances at such
time shall be deemed to equal the Minimum Funding Amount and the interest rate in respect of the positive difference between the Minimum
Funding Amount and the aggregate outstanding amount of the Advances shall be deemed to be the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth
on the Transaction Schedule minus the per annum rate payable in respect of commitment fees pursuant to Section 4.03(d) (plus, if
applicable pursuant to the first proviso above, the Adjusted Applicable Margin). For
purposes of the foregoing, the Benchmark for each Calculation Period with respect to Daily Simple SONIA shall be the weighted average
of such Benchmark as determined on each day during such Calculation Period in respect of Advances denominated in GBP.

- 41 -

(c) Evidence
of the Advances. Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness
of the Company to such Lender resulting from each Advance made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable
and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder and the applicable Currency
thereof. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, shall maintain at one of its offices
in the United States a register (the Register) in which it shall record (1) the name and address of each Lender, (2)
the amount of each Advance made hereunder, (3) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from
the Company to each Lender hereunder and (4) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the
Lenders and each Lenders share thereof. The entries made in the Register maintained pursuant to this paragraph (c) shall be conclusive
absent manifest error; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such Register or any error
therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Company to repay the Advances in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Any Lender may request that
Advances made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Company shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a
promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved
by the Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Thereafter, the Advances evidenced
by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to
the payee named therein (or, to such payee and its registered assigns).

(d) Pro
Rata Treatment. Except as otherwise provided herein, all borrowings of, and payments in respect of, the Advances shall be made on
a pro rata basis by or to the Lenders in accordance with their respective portions of the Financing Commitments in respect of Advances
held by them.

(e) Illegality.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender or the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company that the adoption
of any law, rule or regulation, or any change therein or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental
Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, makes it unlawful, or any Governmental Authority asserts that it
is unlawful, for a Lender or the Administrative Agent to perform its obligations hereunder to fund or maintain Advances hereunder (in
the aggregate or in any applicable Currency), then (1) the obligation of such Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder shall
immediately be suspended (in the aggregate or with respect to the applicable
Currency) until such time as such Lender or the Administrative Agent determines (in its sole discretion) that such performance
is again lawful, (2) at the request of the Company, such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall use reasonable efforts
(which will not require such party to incur a loss, other than immaterial, incidental expenses), until such time as the Advances are required
to be prepaid as required under clause (3) below, to transfer all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (in
the aggregate or with respect to the applicable Currency) to another of its offices, branches or Affiliates with respect to which
such performance would not be unlawful, and (3) if such Lender or the Administrative Agent is unable to effect a transfer under clause
(2), then any outstanding Advances of such Lender (in the aggregate or with
respect to such Currency, as applicable) shall be promptly paid in full by the Company (together with all accrued interest and
other amounts owing hereunder) but not later than the earlier of (x) if the Company requests such Lender or the Administrative Agent to
take the actions set forth in clause (2) above, 20 calendar days after the date on which such Lender or the Administrative Agent notifies
the Company in writing that it is unable to transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement as specified in such clause (2) and
(y) such date as shall be mandated by law; provided that, to the extent that any such adoption or change makes it unlawful for
the Advances to bear interest by reference to the Term SOFRa
particular Reference Rate, then the foregoing clauses (1) through (3) shall not apply and the Advances subject
to such Reference Rate shall bear interest (from and after the last day of the Calculation Period ending immediately after such
adoption or change) at a per annum rate equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin for Advances set forth on the Transaction
Schedule.

(f) Increased
Costs.

- 42 -

(i) If
any Change in Law shall:

(A) impose,
modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance
charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender;

(B) impose
on any Lender or the SOFR market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes)
affecting this Agreement or Advances made by such Lender; or

(C) subject
any Lender or the Administrative Agent to any Taxes (other than (x) Indemnified Taxes and (y) Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan principal,
letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto;

and the result of
any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or the Administrative Agent of making, continuing, converting or maintaining
any Advance or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder (whether of
principal, interest or otherwise), then, upon request by such Lender or the Administrative Agent, the Company will pay to such Lender
or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Administrative
Agent, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(ii) If
any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the
rate of return on such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement
or the Advances made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders holding company could have achieved but for
such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders policies and the policies of such Lenders holding company with respect to
capital adequacy and liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time the Company will pay to such
Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lenders holding company for any such reduction suffered.

(iii) A
certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate, and the basis for such compensation of, such Lender
or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (i) or (ii) of this Section shall be delivered to the Company and
shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10
Business Days after receipt thereof.

(iv) Failure
or delay on the part of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a
waiver of such Lenders or the Administrative Agents right to demand such compensation; provided that the Company shall not be
required to compensate a Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more
than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Administrative Agent notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to
such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or the Administrative Agents intention to claim compensation therefor; provided
further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred
to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

- 43 -

(v) Each
of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agrees that it will take such commercially reasonable actions as the Company may reasonably
request that will avoid the need to pay, or reduce the amount of, any increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f); provided
that no Lender or the Administrative Agent shall be obligated to take any actions that would, in the reasonable opinion of such Lender
or the Administrative Agent, be materially disadvantageous to such Lender or the Administrative Agent (including, without limitation,
due to a loss of money). In no event will the Company be responsible for increased amounts referred to in this Section 3.01(f) which relates
to any other entities to which any Lender provides financing.

(vi) If
any Lender (A) provides notice of unlawfulness or requests compensation under clause (e) above or this clause (f) or (B) defaults in its
obligation to make Advances hereunder, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon written notice to such Lender and the
Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions
contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related
transaction documents to an assignee identified by the Company that shall assume such obligations (whereupon such Lender shall be obligated
to so assign), provided that, (x) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its
Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder through the date of such assignment and
(y) a Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender
or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. No prepayment fee that
may otherwise be due hereunder shall be payable to such Lender in connection with any such assignment.

(g) No
Set-off or counterclaim. Subject to Section 3.03, all payments to be made hereunder by the Company in respect of the Advances shall
be made without set-off or counterclaim and in such amounts as may be necessary in order that every such payment (after deduction or withholding
for or on account of any Taxes imposed by the jurisdiction in which the Company is organized or any political subdivision or taxing authority
therein or thereof) shall not be less than the amounts otherwise specified to be paid under this Agreement.

SECTION
3.02.Interest Rate Unascertainable, Inadequate or Unfair.

(ha)
Interest Rate Unascertainable, Inadequate or Unfair.
IfSubject to clauses (b), (d), (e), (f) and (g) of this
Section 3.02, if prior to the commencement of any Calculation Period for an Advance, (x) the Administrative Agent (in
its commercially reasonable judgment) determines (which
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining thea
Reference Rate or Term SOFR Reference Rate (including, without limitation, because the Term SOFRsuch
Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis) for the
applicable Currency and such Calculation Period; provided
that, with respect to any Reference Rate, no Benchmark Transition Event shall have occurred at such time or (y) the Administrative
Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that the applicable Reference Rate
or Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable Currency and such
Calculation Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Advances
(or its Advance) included in such Advance forfor
the applicable Currency and such Calculation Period (determined in their commercially reasonable
judgment),; then the Administrative Agent shall give
notice thereof to the Company, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable
thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Company, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders that the circumstances giving
rise to such notice no longer exist, any Advance denominated in such Currency
made by the Lenders or requested to be made
by the Lenders or is then outstanding, it shall thereupon constitute a Base Rate Advance.

- 44 -

(b)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date
have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement
is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement with respect to USD for such Benchmark
Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect
of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party
to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition
of Benchmark Replacement with respect to any Currency for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will
replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without
any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative
Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders.

SECTION
3.02.(c) [Reserved].

(d)In
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement
Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments
implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

(e)The
Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and
(v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be
made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or
group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 3.02, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.02.

(f)Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark
Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark
is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative
Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement
or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative
Agent may modify the definition of Calculation Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable
or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on
a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement
that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may
modify the definition of Calculation Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously
removed tenor.

- 45 -

(g)Upon
the Companys receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Company may revoke any request for an Advance
in, conversion to or continuation of Advances in the applicable Currency to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability
Period and, failing that, the Company will be deemed to have converted any request for an Advance into a request for a Base Rate Advance
or conversion of an outstanding Advance to a Base Rate Advance.

SECTION 3.03. Taxes.

(a) Payments
Free of Taxes. All payments to be made hereunder by the Company in respect of the Advances and the Administrative Agency Fee shall
be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law (including FATCA). If any Applicable Law
(as determined in good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any
such payment by an applicable Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding
and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and,
if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Company shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or
withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable
Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.

(b) Payment
of Other Taxes by the Company. Without duplication of other amounts payable by the Company under this Section, the Company shall timely
pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse
it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.

(c) Indemnification
by the Company. The Company shall indemnify each Lender, within 10 Business Days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any
Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or
paid by such Lender or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Lender and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom
or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental
Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative
Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(d) Indemnification
by the Lenders. Each Lender shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified
Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Company has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such
Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Company to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to
comply with the provisions of 10.06 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to
such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable
expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant
Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent
shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts
at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other
source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (d).

- 46 -

(e) Evidence
of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Company to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section
3.03, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental
Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory
to the Administrative Agent.

(f) Status
of Secured Parties. a.1.1. Any Secured Party that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with
respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably
requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company
or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition,
any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable
Law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine
whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth
in Section 3.03(f) (ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution
or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial
position of such Lender (it being understood that providing any information currently required by any U.S. federal income tax withholding
form shall not be considered prejudicial to the position of a Recipient).

(ii) Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing,

(A) any
Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes
a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent),
an executed IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; provided, however, that
if the Lender is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it shall provide the appropriate withholding form of its owner
(together with appropriate supporting documentation);

(B) any
Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by
the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter
upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:

(i) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments
of interest under any Loan Document, an executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form establishing an exemption
from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect
to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or any applicable successor form establishing
an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income
article of such tax treaty;

- 47 -

(ii) an
executed IRS Form W-8ECI;

(iii) in
the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate
to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, is not a 10
percent shareholder of the Company or the Parent within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and is not a controlled
foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y)
an executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form; or

(iv) to
the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN,
IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents
from each beneficial owner, as applicable;

(C) any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number
of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under
this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed originals
of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax,
duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Company or the Administrative
Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and

(D) if
a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to
comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable),
such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times
reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed
by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent
as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such
Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely
for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.

Each Lender agrees that if any
form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification,
provide such successor form, or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.

(E) The
Administrative Agent and any successor thereto shall, upon becoming a party under this Agreement, deliver to the Company an electronic
copy of either (i) an IRS Form W-9 or any successor thereto or (ii) with respect to payments received on account of any Lender, a U.S.
branch withholding certificate on IRS Form W-8IMY or any successor thereto evidencing its agreement with the Company to be treated as
a U.S. Person for U.S. federal withholding purposes, as applicable. The Administrative Agent represents to the Company that it is a U.S.
person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1 and a U.S. financial
institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1471-3T and that it will comply with its obligations to withhold
under Section 1441 and FATCA.

- 48 -

(g) Treatment
of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any
Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 3.03 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this
Section 3.03), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made
under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such
indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund).
Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant
to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that
such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph
(g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would
have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This paragraph shall
not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that
it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person.

(h) Delay
in Requests. The Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any Taxes or related costs suffered
more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender, as the case may be, notifies the Company of such Taxes or related costs, and of
such Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such Taxes or related costs is
retroactive, then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof).

(i) Survival.
Each partys obligations under this Section 3.03 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment
of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Financing Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge
of all obligations under any Loan Document.

ARTICLE
IV

COLLECTIONS AND PAYMENTS

SECTION 4.01. Interest
Proceeds. The Company shall notify the obligor (or the relevant agent
under the applicable underlying instruments) with respect to each Portfolio Investment to remit all amounts that constitute Interest
Proceeds to the Interest Collection Account; provided that Interest
Proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall be deposited into the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest
Collection Account. To the extent Interest Proceeds are received other than by deposit into the Interest Collection Account or
an applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account, the Company shall cause all Interest Proceeds on the Portfolio
Investments to be deposited in the Interest Collection Account or the applicable
Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account or remitted to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit
(or cause to be credited) to the Interest Collection Account all Interest Proceeds or
the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Interest Collection Account received by it immediately upon receipt thereof in accordance
with the written direction of the Portfolio Manager.

- 49 -

Interest Proceeds shall be retained
in the Interest Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency
Interest Collection Account and held in cash and/or (other than in
the case of the Permitted Non-USD Interest Collection Account in respect of AUD and Euros) invested (and reinvested) at the written
direction of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) delivered to the Collateral Agent in dollar-denominated Cash Equivalents
denominated in the applicable Currency selected by the Portfolio Manager
(unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, in which case, selected by the Administrative
Agent) (Eligible Investments). Eligible Investments shall mature no later than the end of the then-current Calculation
Period. In the absence of any written direction from the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent,
as applicable, Interest Proceeds shall remain uninvested.

Interest Proceeds on deposit
in the Interest Collection Account or an applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency
Interest Collection Account shall be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company (or, following
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative
Agent)) and applied (i) to make payments in accordance with this Agreement or (ii) to make Permitted Distributions or Permitted RIC Distributions
in accordance with this Agreement.

SECTION 4.02. Principal
Proceeds. The Company shall notify the obligor (or the relevant agent
under the applicable underlying instruments) with respect to each Portfolio Investment to remit all amounts that constitute Principal
Proceeds to the Principal Collection Account; provided that Principal
Proceeds denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency shall deposited into the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection
Account. To the extent Principal Proceeds are received other than by deposit into the Principal Collection Account or
the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account, the Company shall cause all Principal Proceeds received
on the Portfolio Investments to be deposited in the Principal Collection Account
or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account or remitted to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral
Agent shall credit (or cause to be credited) to the Principal Collection Account or
the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account all Principal Proceeds received by it immediately upon receipt
thereof in accordance with the written direction of the Portfolio Manager.

All Principal Proceeds shall
be retained in the Principal Collection Account or the applicable Permitted
Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account and held in cash and/or (other
than in the case of the Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account in respect of AUD and Euros) invested (and reinvested)
at the written direction of the Administrative Agent in Eligible Investments selected by the Portfolio Manager (unless an Event of Default
has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred, in which case, selected by the Administrative Agent). All investment
income on such Eligible Investments shall constitute Interest Proceeds. In the absence of any written direction from the Company (or the
Portfolio Manager on its behalf) or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, Interest Proceeds shall remain uninvested.

Principal Proceeds on deposit
in the Principal Collection Account or an applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency
Principal Collection Account shall be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company (or, following
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative
Agent)) and applied (i) to make payments in accordance with this Agreement, (ii) towards the purchase price of Portfolio Investments purchased
in accordance with this Agreement or (iii) to make Permitted Distributions or Permitted RIC Distributions in accordance with this Agreement,
in each case with prior notice to the Administrative Agent.

SECTION 4.03. Principal
and Interest Payments; Prepayments; Commitment Fee.

(a) The
Company shall pay the unpaid principal amount of the Advances (together with accrued interest thereon) to the Administrative Agent for
the account of each Lender on the Maturity Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments and any and all cash in the Collateral Accounts
shall be applied to the satisfaction of the Secured Obligations on the Maturity Date and on each Additional Distribution Date in accordance
with the Priority of Payments.

- 50 -

(b) Accrued
and unpaid interest on the Advances shall be payable in arrears on
each Interest Payment Date, each Additional Distribution Date and on the Maturity Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments; provided
that (i) interest accrued pursuant to the first proviso to Section 3.01(b) shall be payable on demand and (ii) in the event of any repayment
or prepayment of any Advances, accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment
or prepayment. Interest Payment Date means the second Business Day after the last day of each Calculation Period.

(c) (i) Subject to the
requirements of this Section 4.03(c), the Company shall have the right from time to time to prepay outstanding Advances in whole or in
part (A) on any Business Day after a Non-Call Termination Event occurs, (B) in connection with a Market Value Cure or (C) subject to the
payment of the premium described in clause (ii) below, up to but not more than three times during any Calculation Period; provided
that the Company may not prepay any outstanding Advances pursuant to this Section 4.03(c)(i)(C) during the Non-Call Period in an amount
that would cause the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances to be below the Minimum Funding Amount. The Company shall
notify the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator by electronic mail of an executed document (attached
as a .pdf or similar file) of any prepayment pursuant to Section 4.03(c)(i)(A) or Section 4.03(c)(i)(C) not later than 2:00 p.m., New
York City time, two (2) Business Days before the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment
date and the principal amount of the Advances to be prepaid. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall
advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Except in connection with a Market Value Cure, each partial prepayment of outstanding Advances
shall be in an amount not less than U.S.$2,000,000. Prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest.

(ii) Each
prepayment or commitment reduction pursuant to Section 4.03(c)(i)(C) and Section 4.07(a) that is made after the Non-Call
Period and during the period to and including October 4, 20252026,
whether in full or in part, shall, except if a Non-Call Termination Event has occurred, be accompanied by a premium equal to 1% of the
principal amount of such prepayment or commitment reduction and, at the request of any Lender in respect of any prepayment on a date other
than an Interest Payment Date, any costs incurred by it in respect of the breakage of its funding at the Term SOFR Rate for the related
Calculation Period; provided that no such premium shall be payable with respect to any prepayment (or portion thereof) that does not exceed
the positive difference (if any) of (x) the then-current aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances over (y) the then-current
Minimum Funding Amount (the Excess Funded Amount).

(d) The
Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, a commitment fee in accordance with the Priority of
Payments which shall accrue during the period from and including the Effective Date to and excluding the Maturity
Datelast day of the Reinvestment Period, 0.55% per
annum on the average daily unused amount of the Financing Commitment of such Lender during such period. Accrued commitment fees shall
be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, and on the date on which the Financing Commitments terminate. All commitment fees
shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day
but excluding the last day).

(e) The
Company agrees to pay to the Lenders on the Effective Date an upfront fee in an aggregate amount specified in the Effective Date Letter.
Once paid, such fees or any part thereof shall not be refundable under any circumstances.

- 51 -

(f) Without
limiting Section 4.03(c), the Company shall have the obligation from time to time to prepay outstanding Advances in whole or in part on
any date with proceeds from sales of Portfolio Investments directed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.04 and as set forth
in Section 8.01(c). All such prepayments shall be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest.

(g) The
Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent the Administrative Agency Fee (as defined in the EffectiveFirst
Amendment Date Letter) in the amount and in accordance with the terms specified in the EffectiveFirst
Amendment Date Letter.

SECTION 4.04. MV Cure
Account.

(a) The
Company shall cause all cash received by it in connection with a Market Value Cure to be deposited in the MV Cure Account or remitted
to the Collateral Agent, and the Collateral Agent shall credit to the MV Cure Account such amounts received by it (and identified in writing
as such) immediately upon receipt thereof. Prior to the Maturity Date, all cash amounts in the MV Cure Account shall be invested in overnight
Eligible Investments at the written direction of the Administrative Agent (as directed by the Required Lenders). In the absence of any
written direction from the Administrative Agent, cash amounts in the MV Cure Account shall remain uninvested. All amounts contributed
to the Company by Parent in connection with a Market Value Cure shall be paid free and clear of any right of chargeback or other equitable
claim.

(b) Amounts
on deposit in the MV Cure Account may be withdrawn by the Collateral Agent (at the written direction of the Company (or, following the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, the Administrative Agent))
and remitted to the Company with prior notice to the Administrative Agent (or, following the occurrence and during the continuance of
an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, to the Lenders for prepayment of Advances and reduction of Financing
Commitment); provided that the Company may not direct any withdrawal from the MV Cure Account if the Borrowing Base Test is not
satisfied (or would not be satisfied after such withdrawal).

SECTION 4.05. Priority
of Payments. On (w) each Interest Payment Date, (x) the Maturity Date, (y) each Agent Business Day after the occurrence of a Market
Value Event and (z) each Agent Business Day after the occurrence of an Event of Default and the declaration of the Secured Obligations
as due and payable (each date set forth in clauses (y) and (z) above, an Additional Distribution Date), the Collateral
Agent shall distribute all amounts in the Collection Accounts and the Permitted
Non-USD Currency Collection Accounts in the following order of priority (the Priority of Payments):

(a) to
pay (i) first, amounts due or payable to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary hereunder
and under the Account Control Agreement (including fees, out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities) up to a maximum amount under this subclause
(i) of U.S.$50,000100,000
on each Interest Payment Date, the Maturity Date and each Additional Distribution Date (in the case of any Additional Distribution Date
or the Maturity Date, after giving effect to all payments of such amounts on any other Additional Distribution Date or Interest Payment
Date occurring in the same calendar quarter); provided that if any such amount is not utilized during any calendar quarter then
such unutilized amount may be applied during any of the three succeeding calendar quarters, and (ii) second, any other accrued
and unpaid fees and out-of pocketout-of-pocket
expenses (other than Administrative Agency Fees and the commitment fee payable to the Lenders, but including Lender indemnities) due hereunder
and under the Account Control Agreement, up to a maximum amount under this clause (a) of U.S.$100,000 on each Interest Payment Date, the
Maturity Date and each Additional Distribution Date (in the case of any Additional Distribution Date or the Maturity Date, after giving
effect to all payments of such amounts on any other Additional Distribution Date or Interest Payment Date occurring in the same calendar
quarter); provided that if any such amount is not utilized during any calendar quarter, then such unutilized amount may be applied
during any of the three succeeding calendar quarters;

- 52 -

(b) to
pay accrued and unpaid interest due in respect of the Advances, any
accrued and unpaid Administrative Agency Fees and any increased costs and commitment fees payable to the Lenders (pro rata based on amounts
due);

(c) (i)
on each Interest Payment Date, (1) first, to pay all prepayments of the Advances permitted or required under this Agreement (including
any applicable premium) and (2) second, without duplication, after the Reinvestment Period from amounts on deposit in the Principal Collection
Account, to pay principal of the Advances until the Advances are paid in full, and (ii) on the Maturity Date (and, if applicable, any
Additional Distribution Date), to pay principal of the Advances until the Advances are paid in full;

(d) (i)
prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period, at the direction of the Portfolio Manager, to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account up to the
Unfunded Exposure Amount and (ii) after the Reinvestment Period, to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account up to the Unfunded Exposure Amount
(without the requirement for any direction by the Portfolio Manager);

(e) to
pay all amounts set forth in clause (a) above not paid due to the limitation set forth therein;

(f) to
make any Permitted Distributions or Permitted RIC Distributions directed pursuant to this Agreement; and

(g) (i)
on any Interest Payment Date, to deposit any remaining amounts in the Principal
Collection Account or the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Principal Collection Account as Principal Proceeds and (ii) on
the Maturity Date and any Additional Distribution Date, any remaining amounts to the Company.

Subject
to Section 4.06(b), with respect to any amounts payable under Sections 4.05(a) through (g) above resulting from an Advance denominated
in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, such amounts shall be paid using Interest Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds denominated in such Permitted
Non-USD Currency from the applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Collection Account.

SECTION 4.06. Payments
Generally. (a) All payments to the Lenders or the Administrative
Agent shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the account designated in writing to the Company and the Collateral Agent for further
distribution by the Administrative Agent (if applicable). The Administrative Agent shall give written notice to the Collateral Agent and
the Collateral Administrator (on which the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator may conclusively rely) and the Portfolio
Manager of the calculation of amounts payable to the Lenders in respect of the Advances and the amounts payable to the Portfolio Manager.
At least two (2) Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date, the Administrative Agent shall deliver an invoice to the Portfolio
Manager, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator in respect of the interest due on such Interest Payment Date. All payments
not made to the Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders shall be made as directed in writing by the Administrative Agent.
Subject to Section 3.03 hereof, all payments by the Company hereunder shall be made without setoff or counterclaim. All payments hereunder
shall be made in U.S. dollarsUSD,
other than payments of interest and principal made in respect of Advances denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency, which shall be
made in such Permitted Non-USD Currency. All interest calculated using the Reference
Rate (other than Term CORRA) or Term SOFR Reference Rate,
as applicable, hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and all interest calculated using the Base Rate and
Term CORRA hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days in each case, payable for the actual number of days elapsed
(including the first day but excluding the last day).

- 53 -

(b)If,
at least two (2) Business Days prior to any Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date or an Additional Distribution Date, the Collateral
Administrator shall have notified the Company, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent that the Company does not have a sufficient
amount of funds in a Currency on deposit in the Collection Accounts or the Permitted Non-USD Currency Collection Accounts in respect of
the applicable Currency that will be needed (1) to pay to the Lenders all of the amounts required to be paid in such Currency on such
date and/or (2) to pay any expenses required to be paid in accordance with the Priority of Payments, in each case, in such Currency as
required for such payment (a Currency Shortfall), then, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing
and no Market Value Event has occurred, the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) shall exchange (or shall direct the Collateral
Agent to exchange) amounts (if any) in another Currency, in excess of the amounts needed (1) to pay to the Lenders all of the amounts
required to be paid in such other Currency on such date and/or (2) to pay any expenses required to be paid in accordance with the Priority
of Payments, in each case, in such other Currency as required for such payment, in any applicable Permitted Non-USD Currency Collection
Account or Collection Account for the Currency in respect of which there is a Currency Shortfall in an amount necessary to cure such Currency
Shortfall. Each such exchange shall occur no later than one Business Day prior to such Interest Payment Date or Additional Distribution
Date or the Maturity Date, as applicable, and shall be made at the Spot Rate at the time of conversion. If for any reason the Company
shall have failed to effect any such currency exchange by the Business Day prior to such date, then the Administrative Agent shall be
entitled to (but shall not be obligated to) direct such currency exchange on behalf of the Company.

(c)At
any time following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative
Agent may in its sole discretion direct the Collateral Agent to exchange amounts attributable to the Company held in any Permitted Non-USD
Currency Collection Account for USD, or to exchange amounts in any Collection Account for any Permitted Non-USD Currency, in each case,
at the Spot Rate for application hereunder.

SECTION 4.07. Termination
or Reduction of Financing Commitments.

(a) After
the Non-Call Period, the Company shall be entitled at its option, subject to the payment of any applicable premium described in Section
4.03(c)(ii), and upon three (3) Business Days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and
the Collateral Administrator) to either (i) terminate the Financing Commitments in whole upon payment in full of all Advances, all accrued
and unpaid interest, all accrued and unpaid Administrative Agency Fees, all applicable premium and all other Secured Obligations (other
than unmatured contingent indemnification and reimbursement obligations) or (ii) reduce in part the portion of the Financing Commitments
that exceeds the sum of the outstanding Advances. In addition, the Financing Commitments shall be automatically and irrevocably reduced
by the amount of any prepayment of Advances pursuant to Section 4.03(c)(i)(C) during the Reinvestment Period that exceeds the Excess Funded
Amount.

(b) The
Financing Commitments shall be automatically and irrevocably reduced on the date of any prepayment made in accordance with the definition
of Market Value Cure in an amount equal to the amount of such prepayment.

(c) The
Financing Commitments shall be automatically and irrevocably reduced by all amounts that are used to prepay or repay Advances following
the occurrence of a Market Value Event or during the continuation of an Event of Default.

- 54 -

(d) All
unused Financing Commitments as of the last day of the Reinvestment Period shall automatically be terminated.

(e) The
Financing Commitments shall be irrevocably reduced by the amount of any repayment or prepayment of Advances following the last day of
the Reinvestment Period.

ARTICLE
V

THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER

SECTION 5.01. Appointment
and Duties of the Portfolio Manager. The Company has appointed the Portfolio Manager as its portfolio manager under this Agreement
and the Portfolio Management Agreement pursuant to the terms of the Portfolio Management Agreement and the Portfolio Manager has accepted
such appointment. The Portfolio Manager shall perform the investment management functions of the Company set forth herein and therein.

SECTION 5.02. Portfolio
Manager Representations as to Eligibility Criteria; Etc. The Portfolio Manager agrees to direct the Company to comply with all covenants
and restrictions imposed on the Company hereunder and not to act in contravention of this Agreement. The Portfolio Manager represents
to the other parties hereto that (a) as of the Trade Date for each Portfolio Investment purchased, such Portfolio Investment meets all
of the applicable Eligibility Criteria (unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent) and, except as otherwise permitted
hereunder, the Concentration Limitations shall be satisfied (unless otherwise consented to
by the Administrative Agent) and (b) all of the information contained in the related Notice
of Acquisition is true, correct and complete in all material respects; provided that, to the extent any such information was furnished
to the Company by any third party, such information is as of its delivery date true, complete and correct in all material respects to
the knowledge of the Portfolio Manager.

SECTION 5.03. Indemnification.
The Portfolio Manager and the Parent shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities
Intermediary and the Lenders and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, agents, employees and controlling
persons (each, an Indemnified Person) from and against any and all losses, claims, demands, damages or liabilities
of any kind, including reasonable and documented legal fees and disbursements of
one firm of outside counsel to each group of affiliated Indemnified Persons, and one additional firm of outside counsel for any Indemnified
Persons subject to an actual or perceived conflict of interest and
such other local counsel as shall be required (collectively,
Liabilities), and shall reimburse each such Indemnified Person on a current basis for all reasonable and documented
expenses (including fees and disbursements of counsel, subject to the limitations
above), incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with investigating, preparing, responding to or defending any investigative,
administrative, judicial or regulatory action, suit, claim or proceeding, relating to or arising out of (a) any breach by the Portfolio
Manager of any of its obligations hereunder or under the Portfolio Management Agreement and (b) the failure of any of the representations
or warranties of the Portfolio Manager set forth herein or in the Portfolio Management Agreement to be true when made or when deemed made
or repeated, except to the extent that such Liabilities or expenses are found in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent
jurisdiction to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Indemnified Person or its Related Parties or the
material noncompliance by the Agents or Lenders of their respective obligations under this Agreement. This Section 5.03 shall not apply
with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, demands, damages or liabilities arising from any non-Tax claim,
and, so long as such losses are not caused by a breach by the Portfolio Manager of the terms of this Agreement, shall not apply to any
losses in the Market Value of any Collateral.

- 55 -

The
parties hereto agree that this Section 5.03 shall not be interpreted to provide recourse to or against the Portfolio Manager or the Parent
against loss by reason of the bankruptcy, insolvency or lack of creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to any Portfolio Investment.
The Portfolio Manager and the Parent shall have no liability for making indemnification under this Agreement to the extent any such indemnification
constitutes recourse for uncollectible or uncollected Portfolio Investments.

This Section 5.03 shall survive
the termination of this Agreement and the repayment of all amounts owing to the Secured Parties hereunder.

ARTICLE
VI

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

SECTION 6.01. Representations
and Warranties. The Company (and, with respect to clauses (a) through (e), (l), (n) and (t) through (v), the Portfolio Manager) represents
to the other parties hereto solely with respect to itself that as of the date hereof and each Trade Date (or as of such other date as
maybemay be expressly
set forth below):

(a) it
is duly organized or incorporated, as the case may be, and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or
incorporation and has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and each other Loan Document to
which it is a party and to consummate the transactions herein and therein contemplated;

(b) the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each such other Loan Document, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
herein and therein have been duly authorized by it and this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party constitutes
its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to (A) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (B) equitable limitations, regardless of whether such
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law);

(c) the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party and the consummation of the
transactions contemplated herein and therein do not conflict with the provisions of its governing instruments and will not violate in
any material way any provisions of Applicable Law or regulation or any applicable order of any court or regulatory body and will not result
in the material breach of, or constitute a default, or require any consent, under any material agreement, instrument or document to which
it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be bound or affected;

(d) it
is not subject to any Adverse Proceeding;

(e) it
has obtained all consents and authorizations (including all required consents and authorizations of any Governmental Authority) that are
necessary or advisable to be obtained by it in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each other
Loan Document to which it is a party and each such consent and authorization is in full force and effect except where the failure to do
so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(f) it
is not required to register as an investment company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;

- 56 -

(g) it
has not issued any securities that are or are required to be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and it is not a
reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;

(h) it
has no Indebtedness other than (i) Indebtedness incurred under the terms of the Loan Documents, (ii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to
certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and
(iii) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, if applicable, the obligation to make future payments under any Delayed Funding Term Loan;

(i) (x)
it does not have underlying assets which constitute plan assets within the meaning of the Plan Asset Rules; and (y) neither
it nor any ERISA Affiliate has within the last six years sponsored, maintained, contributed to, or been required to contribute to and
does not have any liability with respect to any Plan;

(j) as
of the date of this Agreement it is, and after giving effect to any Advance it will be, Solvent and it is not entering into this Agreement
or any other Loan Document or consummating any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud
any of its creditors;

(k) it
is not in default under any other contract to which it is a party except where such default would not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect;

(l) it
is in compliance in all material respects with all Applicable Laws, judgments, agreements with governmental authorities, decrees and orders
with respect to its business and properties and the Portfolio;

(m) it
does not have any Subsidiaries or own any Investments in any Person other than (1) the Portfolio Investments or (2) Investments (i) constituting
Eligible Investments (as measured at their time of acquisition), (ii) acquired by the Company with the approval of the Administrative
Agent, or (iii) those the Company shall have acquired or received as a distribution in connection with a workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure,
restructuring or similar process or proceeding involving a Portfolio Investment or any issuer thereof;

(n) (x)
it has disclosed to the Administrative Agent all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is subject, and
all other matters actually known to it that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect and (y) no information (other than projections, forward-looking information, general economic data or industry information) heretofore
furnished by or on behalf of the Company in writing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or any
transaction contemplated hereby (after taking into account all updates, modifications and supplements to such information) contains (or,
to the extent any such information was furnished by a third party, to the Companys knowledge contains), when taken as a whole, as of
its delivery date, any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(o) all
of the conditions to the acquisition of the Portfolio Investments to be acquired on such Trade Date specified in Section 1.03 have been
satisfied or waived;

(p) the
Company has timely filed all Tax returns required by Applicable Law to have been filed by it; all such Tax returns are true and correct
in all material respects; the Company has paid or withheld (as applicable) all Taxes owing or required to be withheld by it (if any) shown
on such Tax returns, except (a) any such Taxes which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate
reserves shall have been set aside in accordance with GAAP on its books and records or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and there are no final judgments for Taxes against the Company which have
not been satisfied in full;

- 57 -

(q) the
Company is treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

(r) the
Company is wholly owned by the Parent, which is a U.S. Person or a disregarded entity owned by a U.S. Person for U.S. federal income tax
purposes;

(s) prior
to the date hereof, the Company has not engaged in any business operations or activities other than as an ownership entity for Portfolio
Investments and similar Loan or debt obligations and activities incidental thereto;

(t) neither
it nor any of its Affiliates is (i) the subject or target of Sanctions; (ii) a Person that resides or has a place of business in a Sanctioned
Country or a country or territory which is designated as a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction by the Financial Action Task Force
on Money Laundering, or whose subscription funds are transferred from or through such a jurisdiction; (iii) a Foreign Shell Bank
within the meaning of the PATRIOT Act (i.e., a foreign bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is not affiliated
with a bank that has a physical presence and an acceptable level of regulation and supervision); or (iv) a person or entity that resides
in or is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction designated by the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Sections 311 or 312
of the PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns. It is in compliance in all material respects with
all applicable Sanctions and also in compliance in all material respects with all applicable provisions of the PATRIOT Act;

(u) the
Company has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Company, its agents and their
respective directors, managers, officers and employees (as applicable) with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Company
and its officers and directors and, to its knowledge, its employees, members and agents are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and
applicable Sanctions in all material respects and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result
in the Company being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (i) the Company or its directors, officers, managers or employees or (ii)
to the knowledge of the Company, any director, manager or agent of the Company that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit
from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person;

(v) the
Loan Documents represent all of the material agreements between the Portfolio Manager, the Parent, the MPA Seller and the Seller, on the
one hand, and the Company, on the other;

(w) the
Company is not relying on any advice (whether written or oral) of any Lender, Agent or any of their respective Affiliates in connection
with the consummation of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement;

(x) the
Company has good and marketable title to all Portfolio Investments and other Collateral free of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens)
and no effective financing statement (other than with respect to Permitted Liens) or other instrument similar in effect naming the Company
or any of its Affiliates as debtor and covering all or any part of the Collateral is on file in any recording office, except such as may
have been filed in favor of the Collateral Agent as Secured Party pursuant hereto, as necessary or advisable in connection
with the Participation Agreement and the Sale Agreement or which has been terminated;

- 58 -

(y) as
of the Effective Date, to the best knowledge of the Company, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification (if any)
provided on or prior to the Effective Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects;

(z) upon
the making of each Advance, the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, will have acquired a perfected, first priority
and valid security interest (except, as to priority, for any Permitted Liens) in the Collateral acquired with the proceeds of such Advance,
free and clear of any adverse claimLien
(other than Permitted Liens) or restrictions on transferability with respect
to such security interest;

(aa) no ERISA Event has occurred;
and

(bb) no part of the proceeds
of any Advance will be used by the Company to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing
or carrying Margin Stock. Neither the making of any Advance nor the use of the proceeds thereof will violate or be inconsistent with the
provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board. No Advance is secured, directly or indirectly,
by Margin Stock, and the Collateral does not include Margin Stock.

SECTION 6.02. Covenants
of the Company and the Portfolio Manager. The Company (and, with respect to clauses (e), (k), (r), (gg), (hh) and (ii), the Portfolio
Manager):

(a) shall
at all times: (i) maintain at least one independent manager or director (who is in the business of serving as an independent manager or
director); (ii) maintain its own separate books and records and bank accounts; (iii) hold itself out to the public and all other Persons
as a legal entity separate from any other Person; (iv) have a board of managers separate from that of any other Person; (v) file its own
Tax returns, except to the extent that the Company is treated as a disregarded entity for Tax purposes and is not required
to file any Tax returns under Applicable Law; (vi) not commingle its assets with assets of any other Person; (vii) conduct its business
in its own name and comply with all organizational formalities to maintain its separate existence; (viii) pay its own liabilities only
out of its own funds; (ix) maintain an arms length relationship with the Parent and each of its other Affiliates; (x) not hold out its
credit or assets as being available to satisfy the obligations of others; (xi) allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses that
are shared with an Affiliate, including for shared office space; (xii) use separate stationery, invoices and checks; (xiii) correct any
known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity; (xiv) maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business purpose,
transactions and liabilities and pay its operating expenses and liabilities from its own assets; (xv) not acquire the obligations or any
securities of its Affiliates; (xvi) cause the managers, officers, agents and other representatives of the Company to act at all times
with respect to the Company consistently and in furtherance of the foregoing and in the best interests of the Company; and (xvii) maintain
at least one special member, who, upon the dissolution of the sole member of the Company, shall immediately become the member of the Company
in accordance with its organizational documents;

(b) shall
not (i) engage, directly or indirectly, in any business, other than the actions required or permitted to be performed under the preceding
clause (a), including, other than with respect to any warrants received in connection with a Portfolio Investment, controlling the decisions
or actions respecting the daily business or affairs of any other Person except as otherwise permitted hereunder (which, for the avoidance
of doubt, shall not prohibit the Company from taking, or refraining to take, any action under or with respect to a Portfolio Investment);
(ii) fail to be Solvent; (iii) release, sell, transfer, convey or assign any Portfolio Investment unless in accordance with the Loan Documents;
(iv) except for capital contributions or capital distributions permitted under the terms and conditions of this Agreement and properly
reflected on the books and records of the Company, enter into any transaction with an Affiliate of the Company except on commercially
reasonable terms similar to those available to unaffiliated parties in an arms-length transaction; (v) identify itself as a department
or division of any other Person; or (vi) own any asset or property other than the Collateral and the related assets and incidental personal
property necessary for the ownership or operation of these assets;

- 59 -

(c) shall
not take any action contrary to (i) the Facts and Assumptions
sections in the opinions of Ropes & Gray LLP, dated the Effective Date, relating to certain true sale and non-consolidation matters
(or any subsequent opinion of Ropes & Gray LLPnationally
recognized counsel relating to certain true sale matters provided in accordance with Section 1.03) and
(ii) the Facts and Assumptions section in the opinion of Dechert LLP, dated as of the First Amendment Date, relating to certain
non-consolidation matters;

(d) shall
not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness other than (i) Indebtedness incurred under the terms of the Loan Documents,
(ii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to certain ordinary business expenses arising pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents and (iii) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, if applicable, the obligation to make future payments
under any Delayed Funding Term Loan;

(e) shall
comply in all material respects with all Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions and shall maintain in effect and enforce policies
and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Company and its directors, managers, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption
Laws and applicable Sanctions;

(f) shall
not (i) amend (A) any of its constituent documents or (B) any Loan Document to which it is a party in any manner that would reasonably
be expected to adversely affect the Lenders in any material respect or (ii) cease to be wholly owned by the Parent, without, in each case,
the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent;

(g) shall
not (A) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Agreement or any grant hereunder to be impaired, or permit the Lien of this Agreement
to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations
with respect to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Advances, except as may be expressly permitted hereby, (B) permit any Lien
to be created on or extend to or otherwise arise upon or burden the Collateral or any part thereof, any interest therein or the proceeds
thereof, in each case, other than Permitted Liens or (C) take any action that would cause the Lien of this Agreement not to constitute
a valid perfected security interest in the Collateral that is of first priority, free of any adverse
claim or the legal equivalent thereofLien, as applicable,
except for Permitted Liens;

(h) shall
not, without the prior consent of the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders), which consent may be withheld
in the sole and absolute discretion of the Required Lenders, enter into any hedge agreement;

(i) shall
not change its name, identity or corporate structure in any manner that would make any financing statement or continuation statement filed
by the Company (or by the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Company) in accordance with subsection (a) above materially misleading or
change its jurisdiction of organization, unless the Company shall have given the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent at least
30 days (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) prior written notice thereof, and shall
promptly file, or authorize the filing of, appropriate amendments to all previously filed financing statements and continuation statements
(and, if filed by the Company, shall provide a copy of such amendments to the Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent);

- 60 -

(j) shall
do or cause to be done all things reasonably necessary to (i) preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence as a limited partnershipliability
company and take all reasonable action to maintain its rights, franchises, licenses and permits material to its business in the
jurisdiction of its formation and (ii) qualify and remain qualified as a limited partnershipliability
company in good standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is necessary to protect the validity and enforceability
of the Loan Documents or any of the Collateral;

(k) shall
comply with all Applicable Law (whether statutory, regulatory or otherwise), except where the failure to do so, individually or in the
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;

(l) shall
not merge into or consolidate with any Person or dissolve, terminate or liquidate in whole or in part, in each case, without the prior
written consent of the Administrative Agent;

(m) except
for Investments permitted by Section 6.02(u)(C) and without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, shall not form, or
cause to be formed, any Subsidiaries; or make or suffer to exist any Loans or advances to, or extend any credit to, or make any investments
(by way of transfer of property, contributions to capital, purchase of stock or securities or evidences of indebtedness, acquisition of
the business or assets, or otherwise) in, any Affiliate or any other Person except investments as otherwise permitted herein and pursuant
to the other Loan Documents;

(n) shall
ensure that (i) its affairs are conducted so that its underlying assets do not constitute plan assets within the meaning of
the Plan Asset Rules, and (ii) neither it nor any ERISA Affiliate sponsors, maintains, contributes to or is required to contribute to
or has any liability with respect to any Plan;

(o) except
as otherwise permitted hereunder, shall not sell or transfer any Collateral or any interest therein to any other Person and the Company
shall defend the right, title, and interest of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) and the Lenders in and to
the Collateral against all claims of third parties claiming to be purchasers of Collateral not sold or transferred in accordance with
this Agreement (other than Permitted Liens);

(p) 

(i) shall
promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent shall furnish to the Lenders, copies of the following
financial statements, reports and information: (i) within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Parent, a copy of the
audited consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such year, the related
consolidated statements of income for such year and the related consolidated statements of changes in net assets and of cash flows
for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year; (ii) within 45 days after the end
of each fiscal quarter of each fiscal year (other than the last fiscal quarter of each fiscal year), an unaudited consolidated
balance sheet of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter and including the prior
comparable period (if any), and the unaudited consolidated statements of income of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries for
such fiscal quarter and for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal
quarter, and the unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows of the Parent and its consolidated Subsidiaries for the period
commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such fiscal quarter; and (iii)
from time to time, such other information or documents (financial or otherwise) as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders
may reasonably request; and (iv) as soon as available and in any event
within ten (10) Business Days after the end of each calendar quarter, details of each Portfolio Investment that is a Partial PIK
Portfolio Investment and the quantum of interest payable under such Partial PIK Portfolio Investments that is actually being paid in
kind rather than in cash (with such update to be substantially in the form of Schedule 8 and which may be delivered via
email);

- 61 -

(ii) shall
furnish to the Administrative Agent together with any financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.02(p)(i) or (ii), a compliance
certificate, certified by an authorized signatory of the Company to be true and correct, (i) stating whether any Default or Event of Default
exists and (ii) stating that Company is in compliance with the covenants set forth in this Agreement, including a certification that the
Collateral has been Delivered to the Collateral Agent, or specifying any non-compliance with the covenants contained herein;

(q) shall
pay or discharge or cause to be paid or discharged, before the same shall become delinquent, all Taxes levied or imposed upon the Company
or upon the income, profits or property of the Company; provided that the Company shall not be required to pay or discharge or
cause to be paid or discharged any such Tax (i) the amount, applicability or validity of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and for which disputed amounts adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been made or (ii) the failure of which to pay
or discharge could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(r) shall
permit representatives of the Administrative Agent at any time and from time to time as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request,
and at the Companys expense, (A) to inspect and make copies of and abstracts from its records relating to the Portfolio Investments and
(B) to visit its properties in connection with the collection, processing or managing of the Portfolio Investments for the purpose of
examining such records, and to discuss matters relating to the Portfolio Investments or such Persons performance under this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents with any officer or employee or auditor (if any) of such Person having knowledge of such matters (including,
if requested by the Administrative Agent, quarterly telephone conferences with representatives of the Company with respect to review of
the Portfolio Investments). The Company agrees to render to the Administrative Agent such clerical and other assistance as may be reasonably
requested with regard to the foregoing; provided that such assistance shall not interfere in any material respect with the Companys
or the Portfolio Managers business and operations. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value
Event has occurred, such visits and inspections shall occur only (i) upon five (5) Business Days prior written notice, (ii) during normal
business hours and (iii) no more than once in any calendar year. Following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or following the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default, there shall be no limit on the timing or number of such inspections and only three
(3) Business Days prior notice will be required before any inspection;.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this clause (r), neither the Company nor any Affiliate thereof will be required to disclose,
permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that
(x) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (y) in respect of which access or inspection by,
or disclosure to, the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by Applicable
Law or (z) is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product;

(s) shall
not use any part of the proceeds of any Advance, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the
regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America, including Regulations T, U and X;

(t) shall
not make any Restricted Payments without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent; provided that the Company may make
Permitted Distributions or Permitted RIC Distributions subject to the other requirements of this Agreement;

- 62 -

(u) shall
not make or hold any Investments, except (A) the Portfolio Investments or (B) Investments constituting (x) Eligible Investments (measured
at the time of acquisition), (y) those that have been consented to by the Administrative Agent or (z) those the Company shall have acquired
or received as a distribution in connection with a workout, bankruptcy, foreclosure, restructuring or similar process or proceeding involving
a Portfolio Investment or any issuer thereof;

(v) shall
not request any Advance, and the Company shall not directly or, to the knowledge of the Company, indirectly, use, and shall procure that
its directors, officers, employees and agents shall not directly or, to the knowledge of the Company, indirectly use, the proceeds of
any Advance (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else
of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities,
business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, except to the extent permitted for a Person required
to comply with Sanctions, or (C) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto;

(w) other
than pursuant to the Participation Agreement and the Sale Agreement or as
otherwise contemplated hereunder, shall not transfer to any of its Affiliates any Portfolio Investment purchased from any of its
Affiliates (other than sales to Affiliates conducted on terms and conditions consistent with those of an arms length transaction and
at fair market value);

(x) shall
post on a password protected website maintained by the Administrative Agent to which the Portfolio Manager will have access or deliver
via email to the Administrative Agent, with respect to each Portfolio Investment, without duplication of any other reporting requirements
set forth in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (A) any management discussion and analysis provided by the related obligor, (B)
any financial reporting packages provided by the related obligor and (C) any written notifications of credit events with respect to such
obligor and with respect to each Portfolio Investment for such obligor (including, in each case, any attached or included information,
statements and calculations). The Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) shall post or deliver via email all information and
notices set forth in the immediately preceding sentence (1) in the case of notifications of credit events,
onwithin one (1) Business Day of the date of receipt
thereof by the Company or the Portfolio Manager and (2) in all other cases, within five (5) Business Days of the receipt thereof by the
Company or the Portfolio Manager. The Company shall cause the Portfolio Manager to provide such other information as the Administrative
Agent may reasonably request with respect to any Portfolio Investment or obligor (to the extent reasonably available to the Portfolio
Manager and subject to applicable obligations of confidentiality);

(y) shall
not elect to be classified as other than a disregarded entity or partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, nor shall the Company
take any other action or actions that would cause it to be classified, taxed or treated as a corporation or publicly traded partnership
taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes (including transferring interests in the Company on or through an established
securities market or secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof), within the meaning of Section 7704(b) of the Code (and
Treasury regulations thereunder));

(z) shall
only have partners or owners that are treated as U.S. Persons or that are disregarded entities owned by a U.S. Person and shall not recognize
the transfer of any interest in the Company that constitutes equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes to a Person that is not a U.S.
Person;

- 63 -

(aa) shall from time to time
execute and deliver all such supplements and amendments hereto and all such financing statements, continuation statements, instruments
of further assurance and other instruments, and shall take such other action as may be reasonably necessary to secure the rights and remedies
of the Secured Parties hereunder and to grant more effectively all or any portion of the Collateral, maintain or preserve the security
interest (and the priority thereof, subject to Permitted Liens) of this Agreement or to carry out more effectively the purposes hereof,
perfect, publish notice of or protect the validity of any grant made or to be made by this Agreement, preserve and defend title to the
Collateral and the rights therein of the Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties in the Collateral and the Collateral Agent against the
claims of all Persons and parties (other than holders of Permitted Liens),
or give, execute, deliver, file and/or record any financing statement, notice, instrument, document, agreement or other papers that may
be necessary or desirable to create, preserve, perfect or validate the security interest granted pursuant to this Agreement or to enable
the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights hereunder with respect to such pledge and security interest, and hereby authorizes
the Collateral Agent to file a UCC financing statement listing all assets of the debtor (or substantially similar language) in the collateral
description of such financing statement;

(bb) shall use all commercially
reasonable efforts to elevate all Participation Interests to absolute assignments within the applicable then-current standard settlement
timeframes set forth in LSTA guidelines;

(cc) shall not hire any employees
(other than any officers appointed pursuant to its limited partnershipliability
company agreement);

(dd) shall not maintain any
bank accounts or securities accounts other than the Collateral Accounts;

(ee) except as otherwise
expressly permitted herein (including pursuant to Section 6.03), shall not cancel or terminate any of the underlying instruments in respect
of a Portfolio Investment to which it is party or beneficiary (in any capacity), or consent to or accept any cancellation or termination
of any of such agreements unless (in each case) the Administrative Agent shall have consented thereto in writing in its sole discretion;

(ff) shall not make or incur
any capital expenditures except as reasonably required to perform its functions in accordance with this Agreement;

(gg) shall not cancel, terminate
or consent to or accept any cancellation or termination of, amend, modify or change in any manner any term or condition of the Portfolio
Management Agreement in any manner that adversely affects the Lenders in any material respect;

(hh) shall not act on behalf
of, a country, territory, entity or individual that, at the time of such act, is the subject or target of Sanctions, and none of the Company,
the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates, owners, directors or officers is a natural person or entity with whom dealings
are prohibited under Sanctions for a natural person or entity required to comply with such Sanctions. The Company does not own and will
not acquire, and the Portfolio Manager will not cause the Company to own or acquire, any security issued by, or interest in, any country,
territory, or entity whose direct ownership would be or is prohibited under Sanctions for a natural person or entity required to comply
with Sanctions;

(ii) shall
give notice to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) promptly in writing upon (and in no event later than one
(1) Business Day after) theobtaining
actual knowledge, or upon due inquiry would have obtained actual knowledge, of the occurrence of any of the following:

(1) any
Adverse Proceeding;

(2) any
Default or Event of Default;

- 64 -

(3) any adverse
claim asserted against any of the Portfolio Investments, the Collateral Accounts or any other Collateral; and

(4) any
change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to any Lender that would result in a change to
the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification;

(jj) shall not acquire any
Delayed Funding Term Loan if such acquisition would cause the Unfunded Exposure Amount, collateralized or uncollateralized, to exceed
5% of the Collateral Principal Amount;

(kk) shall
either (x) deposit cash into the Collection Account as Principal Proceeds, (y) Deliver Portfolio Investments received from the Parent
as a contribution to the Custodial Account and/or (z) prepay Advances in accordance with Section 4.03(c)(i)(C) to the extent necessary
to cause the Borrowing Base Test to be satisfied; and[reserved];

(ll) shall (x) in connection
with the Purchase of a Portfolio Investment, cause the Portfolio Manager to provide to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Collateral
Administrator) (I) on the Trade Date, copies of any trade ticket for purchase and (II) promptly following the Trade Date, copies of (i)
any assignment agreement or other instrument of transfer for purchase, (ii) any loan agreement or other primary underlying instruments,
(iii) if such Portfolio Investment is evidenced by a note or other instrument, such note or other instrument and (iv) such other documents
received by the Company in connection with the purchase of the Portfolio Investment as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request
and (y) in connection with the sale of a Portfolio Investment, within five (5) Business Days of the settlement date for the sale of such
Portfolio Investment, cause the Portfolio Manager to provide to the Administrative Agent copies of (i) any trade ticket for sale, (ii)
any assignment agreement or other instrument of transfer for sale and (iii) such other documents received by the Company in connection
with the sale of the Portfolio Investment as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request.;
and

(mm)shall
ensure that all Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency and all proceeds thereof are at all times deposited
in or credited to a Permitted Non-USD Currency Account except to the extent that any such proceeds are transferred to another Collateral
Account in accordance with this Agreement or any such Portfolio Investment is sold in accordance with this Agreement.

SECTION 6.03. Amendments
of Portfolio Investments, Etc. If the Company or the Portfolio Manager receives any notice or other
communication concerning anyexecuted amendment, supplement,
consent, waiver or other modification of any Portfolio Investment or any related underlying instrument or rights thereunder (each, an
Amendment) with respect to any Portfolio Investment or any related underlying instrument, or makes any affirmative
determination to exercise or refrain from exercising any rights or remedies thereunder, it will give prompt (and in any event, not later
than three (3) Business Days) notice thereof to the Administrative Agent. In any such event, the Company shall exercise all voting and
other powers of ownership relating to such Amendment or the exercise of such rights or remedies as the Portfolio Manager shall deem appropriate
under the circumstances; provided that if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or a Market Value Event has occurred,
the Company will exercise all voting and other powers of ownership as the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Required
Lenders) shall instruct (it being understood that if the terms of the related underlying instrument expressly prohibit or restrict any
such rights given to the Administrative Agent, then such right shall be limited to the extent necessary so that such prohibition or restriction
is not violated). In any such case, following the Companys receipt thereof, the Company shall promptly provide to the Administrative
Agent copies of all executed amendments to underlying instruments, executed waiver or consent forms or other documents executed or delivered
in connection with any Amendment.

- 65 -

ARTICLE
VII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

SECTION
7.01.Events
of Default.If any of the following events (Events of Default) shall occur:

(a) the
Company shall fail to pay (i) any principal amount owing by it in respect of the Secured Obligations when and as the same shall become
due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise or (ii) any other amount
in respect of the Secured Obligations (whether for interest, fees or other amounts owing by it) within one (1) Business Day of when
such amount becomes due and payable;

(b) any
representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company or the Portfolio Manager (collectively, the Agreement
Parties) herein or in any Loan Document (other than projections, forward-looking information, general economic data or industry
information), shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made (it being understood that the failure
of a Portfolio Investment to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after the date of its purchase shall not constitute a failure);

(c) (A)
the Company shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 6.02(a)(i) through (vii), (x) or
(xvii), (b)(i) through (iv), (d), (f), (h), (i), (l), (m), (o), (t), (v), (w), (cc), (hh), (ii), (kk)
or (ll)(y), Section 8.02(b) or the last sentence of the first paragraph of Section 1.04 or (B) any Agreement Party shall
fail to observe or perform any other covenant, condition or agreement contained herein (it being understood that the failure of a Portfolio
Investment to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after the date of its purchase shall not constitute such a failure) or in any other Loan
Document and, in the case of this clause (B), if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue for a period of
30 days following the earlier of (i) receipt by such Agreement Party of written notice of such failure from the Administrative Agent and
(ii) an officer of such Agreement Party becoming aware of such failure;

(d) an
involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief
in respect of any Agreement Party or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy,
insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator,
conservator or similar official for any Agreement Party or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding
or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;

(e) any
Agreement Party shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief
under any Federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the
institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (d) of this Article,
(iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for such
Agreement Party or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against
it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting
any of the foregoing;

- 66 -

(f) any
Agreement Party shall become unable, admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts as they become due;

(g) the
passing of a resolution by the equity holders of the Company in respect of the winding up on a voluntary basis of the Company;

(h) any
final judgments or orders (not subject to appeal or otherwise non-appealable) by one or more courts of competent jurisdiction for the
payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of U.S.$2,500,000 (after giving effect to insurance, if any, available with respect
thereto) shall be rendered against the Company, and the same shall remain unsatisfied, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of
thirty (30) days after the date on which the right to appeal has expired;

(i) an
ERISA Event occurs;

(j) a
Change of Control occurs;

(k) the
Company or the pool of Collateral shall become required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended;

(l) the
Portfolio Manager (i) resigns as Portfolio Manager under this Agreement and/or the Portfolio Management Agreement, (ii) assigns any of
its obligations or duties as Portfolio Manager in contravention of the terms of this Agreement or (iii) otherwise ceases to act as Portfolio
Manager in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Portfolio Management Agreement and, in each case, an Affiliate of the Portfolio
Manager consented to by the Administrative Agent is not appointed (and has accepted such appointment) in accordance with the Portfolio
Management Agreement;

(m) the
Net Advances are greater than the product of (1) the Net Asset Value multiplied by (2) 75%;

(n) (i)
failure of the Company to fund the Unfunded Exposure Account when required in accordance with Section 2.03(f) other than in the
case that any Lender fails to make the Advance required in accordance with Section 2.03(f) or (ii) failure of the Company to satisfy
its obligations in respect of unfunded obligations with respect to any Delayed Funding Term Loan (including the payment of any amount
in connection with the sale thereof to the extent required under this Agreement); provided that the failure of the Company to undertake
any action set forth in this clause (n) is not remedied within two (2) Business Days;

(o) any
representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Seller or the MPA Seller in connection with the Sale Agreement or the Participation
Agreement, as applicable, or any other Loan Document (other than projections, forward-looking information, general economic data, industry
information or information relating to third parties included in any representation or warranty) shall prove to have been incorrect or
misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; provided that this clause (o) shall apply with respect to the MPA
Seller only until the date on which all of the Participation Interests granted under the Participation Agreement have been elevated to
assignments and the MPA Seller has paid all required distributions on the underlying Portfolio Investments to the Company;

(p) the
Seller shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in the Sale Agreement and (other than with respect
to any covenant, condition or agreement of the Seller set forth in Sections 2.5, 5.1(d), 5.1(e), 5.2(a), 5.2(b), 5.2(d), 6.1, and 9.1(a)
of the Sale Agreement), if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure shall continue for a period of 30 days following the
earlier of (i) receipt by the Company of written notice of such failure from the Administrative Agent and (ii) an officer of the Company
becoming aware of such failure; or

- 67 -

(q) the
MPA Seller shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in the Participation Agreement and (other than
with respect to any covenant, condition or agreement of the MPA Seller relating to the payment of amounts received by it in respect of
the Portfolio Investments underlying the Participation Interests to the Company, the exercise of voting rights with respect to such Portfolio
Investments and the incurrence of indebtedness or liens by the MPA Seller), if such failure is capable of being remedied, such failure
shall continue for a period of 30 days following the earlier of (i) receipt by the Company of written notice of such failure from the
Administrative Agent and (ii) an officer of the Company becoming aware of such failure; provided that this clause (q) shall apply
with respect to the MPA Seller only until the date on which all of the Participation Interests granted under the Participation Agreement
have been elevated to assignments and the MPA Seller has paid all required distributions on the underlying Portfolio Investments to the
Company;

then, and in every such event
(other than an event with respect to the Company described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article), and at any time thereafter in each case
during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the
Company, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Financing Commitments, and thereupon
the Financing Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare all of the Secured Obligations then outstanding to be due and
payable in whole (or in part, in which case any Secured Obligations not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to
be due and payable), and thereupon the Secured Obligations so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and
all fees and other obligations of the Company accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand,
protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company; and in case of any event with respect to the Company
described in clause (d) or (e) of this Article, the Financing Commitments shall automatically terminate and all Secured Obligations then
outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Company accrued hereunder, shall automatically
become due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company.

ARTICLE
VIII

COLLATERAL ACCOUNTS; COLLATERAL SECURITY

SECTION 8.01. The Collateral
Accounts; Agreement as to Control.

(a) Establishment
and Maintenance of Collateral Accounts. The Company hereby appoints the Securities Intermediary to establish, and the Securities Intermediary
does hereby establish pursuant to the Account Control Agreement, each of the Custodial Account, the Principal Collection Account, the
Interest Collection Account, the MV Cure Account and the Unfunded Exposure Account (collectively, the USD
Collateral Accounts and, together with the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts, the Collateral Accounts).
In addition, the Company hereby appoints the Securities Intermediary to establish
on or after the First Amendment Date, and the Securities Intermediary shall establish, on or after the First Amendment Date, pursuant
to the Account Control Agreement, each of the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts; provided that it is understood and agreed that,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts in respect of any Permitted Non-USD
Currency shall not be available for the receipt of cash and Portfolio Investments until such time as (i) the Company establishes such
Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, (ii) the Transaction Schedule is updated to add such Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, (iii) the
Account Control Agreement is amended to add such Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, (iv) the Administrative Agent has received legal
opinions from Dechert LLP or other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as to the perfection of
the Collateral Agents security interest such Permitted Non-USD Currency Account and (v) the Securities Intermediary notifies the Company,
the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in writing (including via email) that such accounts are operational
and available to receive such cash and Portfolio Investments (and neither the Securities Intermediary nor the Collateral Agent shall have
any liability for any failure or delay in the receipt of such cash or Portfolio Investments) (clauses (i) through (v) collectively with
respect to each Permitted Non-USD Currency Account, the Permitted Non-USD Currency Account Opening Requirement). . The
Securities Intermediary agrees to maintain the Collateral Accounts in accordance with the Account Control Agreement as a securities
intermediary (within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC), in the name of the Company subject to the lien of the Collateral
Agent.

- 68 -

(b) Investment
of Funds on Deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account. All amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall be invested (and
reinvested) in Eligible Investments at the written direction of the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) delivered to the
Collateral Agent; provided that, following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following a Market
Value Event, all amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall be invested, reinvested and otherwise disposed of at the written
direction of the Administrative Agent delivered to the Collateral Agent.

(c) Unfunded
Exposure Account.

(i) Amounts
may be deposited into the Unfunded Exposure Account from time to time in accordance with Section 4.05. Amounts shall also be deposited
into the Unfunded Exposure Account as set forth in Section 2.03(f).

(ii) While
no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and no Market Value Event has occurred and subject to satisfaction of the Borrowing
Base Test (after giving effect to such release), the Portfolio Manager may direct, by means of an instruction in writing to the Securities
Intermediary (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator), the release of funds on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account (i) for the
purpose of funding the Companys unfunded commitments with respect to Delayed Funding Term Loans, for deposit into the Principal Collection
Account and (ii) so long as no Unfunded Exposure Shortfall exists or would exist after giving effect to the withdrawal. Following the
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event, at the written direction
of the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the Required Lenders) (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator), the Securities Intermediary
shall transfer all amounts in the Unfunded Exposure Account to the Principal Collection Account to be applied pursuant to Section 4.05.
Upon the direction of the Company by means of an instruction in writing to the Securities Intermediary (with a copy to the Collateral
Administrator, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent), any amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account in excess of
outstanding funding obligations of the Company shall be released to the Principal Collection Account and applied pursuant to Section
4.05; provided that any such prepayment does not cause the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances to be less
than the Minimum Funding Amount.

SECTION 8.02. Collateral
Security; Pledge; Delivery.

(a) Grant
of Security Interest. As collateral security for the prompt payment in full when due of all the Companys obligations to the Agents,
the Lenders, the Collateral Administrator and the Securities Intermediary (collectively, the Secured Parties) under
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (collectively, the Secured Obligations), the Company hereby pledges to
the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and grants a continuing security interest in favor of the Collateral Agent
for the benefit of the Secured Parties in all of the Companys right, title and interest in, to and under (in each case, whether now owned
or existing, or hereafter acquired or arising) all accounts, payment intangibles, general intangibles, chattel paper, electronic chattel
paper, instruments, deposit accounts, letter-of-credit rights, investment property, and any and all other property of any type or nature
owned by it (all of the property described in this clause (a) being collectively referred to herein as Collateral),
including, without limitation: (1) each Portfolio Investment, (2) all of the Companys interests in the Collateral Accounts (including
the Permitted Non-USD Currency Accounts) and all investments, obligations and other property from time to time credited thereto,
(3) the Participation Agreement, the Sale Agreement, the Portfolio Management Agreement, any other Loan Document and all rights related
to each such agreement (4) all other property of the Company and (5) all proceeds thereof, all accessions to and substitutions and replacements
for, any of the foregoing, and all rents, profits and products of any thereof.

Notwithstanding any provision
of any Loan Document to the contrary, no interests in or of any Foreign Subsidiary of the Company shall be pledged or similarly hypothecated
to guarantee or support any obligations of the Company; provided that this exception shall not apply to a pledge of equity interests
of any Foreign Subsidiary which is a first tier controlled foreign corporation (as defined in Section 957(a) of the Code) representing
sixty-five percent (65%) or less of the voting equity interests and (100% or less of the non-voting equity interests) of such Foreign
Subsidiary. The parties agree that any pledge, guaranty or security or similar interest made or granted in contravention of the immediately
preceding sentence shall be void ab initio.

- 69 -

(b) Delivery
and Other Perfection. In furtherance of the collateral arrangements contemplated herein, the Company shall (1) Deliver to the Collateral
Agent (or the Securities Intermediary on its behalf) the Collateral hereunder as and when acquired by the Company; (2) if any of the securities,
monies or other property pledged by the Company hereunder are received by the Company, forthwith take such action as is necessary to ensure
the Collateral Agents continuing perfected security interest in such Collateral (including Delivering such securities, monies or other
property to the Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary on its behalf); and (3) on the date of this Agreement, deliver to the
Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Collateral Agent, at the expense of the Company, legal opinions from Ropes & Gray LLP or
other counsel reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as to the perfection of the Collateral Agents security
interest in any of the Collateral.

(c) Remedies,
Etc. During the period in which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent shall (but only if
and to the extent directed in writing by the Required Lenders) do any of the following:

(i) Exercise
in respect of the Collateral, in addition to other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it, all the rights
and remedies of a secured party under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the affected Collateral) and also may, without notice
except as specified below, sell the Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any of the Collateral
Agents or its designees offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit or for future delivery, and upon such other terms as the Collateral
Agent or a designee of the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) may deem commercially reasonable. The Company
agrees that, to the extent notice of sale shall be required by law, at least ten (10) calendar days prior notice to the Company of the
time and place of any public sale or the time after which any private sale is to be made shall constitute reasonable notification. The
Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale of the Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given. The Collateral
Agent or its designee may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and
such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was so adjourned;

- 70 -

(ii) Transfer
all or any part of the Collateral into the name of the Collateral Agent or a nominee thereof;

(iii) Enforce
collection of any of the Collateral by suit or otherwise, and surrender, release or exchange all or any part thereof, or compromise or
extend or renew for any period (whether or not longer than the original period) any obligations of any nature of any party with respect
thereto;

(iv) Endorse
any checks, drafts, or other writings in the Companys name to allow collection of the Collateral;

(v) Take
control of any proceeds of the Collateral;

(vi) Execute
(in the name, place and stead of any of the Company) endorsements, assignments, stock powers and other instruments of conveyance or transfer
with respect to all or any of the Collateral; and/or

(vii) Perform
such other acts as may be reasonably required to do to protect the Collateral Agents rights and interest hereunder.

(d) Compliance
with Restrictions. The Company and the Portfolio Manager agree that in any sale of any of the Collateral whenever an Event of Default
shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Agent or its designee are hereby authorized to comply with any limitation or restriction
in connection with such sale as it may be advised by counsel in writing is necessary in order to avoid any violation of Applicable Law
(including compliance with such procedures as may restrict the number of prospective bidders and purchasers, require that such prospective
bidders and purchasers have certain qualifications, and restrict such prospective bidders and purchasers to Persons who will represent
and agree that they are purchasing for their own account for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale of such Collateral),
or in order to obtain any required approval of the sale or of the purchaser by any governmental regulatory authority or official, and
the Company and the Portfolio Manager further agree that such compliance shall not, in and of itself, result in such sale being considered
or deemed not to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner, nor shall the Collateral Agent be liable or accountable to the Company
or the Portfolio Manager for any discount allowed by the reason of the fact that such Collateral is sold in good faith compliance with
any such limitation or restriction.

(e) Private
Sale. The Collateral Agent shall incur no liability as a result of a sale of the Collateral, or any part thereof, at any private sale
pursuant to clause (c) above conducted in a commercially reasonable manner. The Company and the Portfolio Manager hereby waive any claims
against each Agent and Lender arising by reason of the fact that the price at which the Collateral may have been sold at such a private
sale was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale.

(f) Collateral
Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. The Company hereby appoints the Collateral Agent as the Companys attorney-in-fact (it being understood
that the Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have assumed any of the obligations of the Company by this appointment), with full authority
in the place and stead of the Company and in the name of the Company, from time to time in the Collateral Agents discretion (exercised
at the written direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as the case may be), after the occurrence and during the
continuation of an Event of Default, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders
may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement. The Company hereby acknowledges, consents and agrees that
the power of attorney granted pursuant to this clause is irrevocable during the term of this Agreement and is coupled with an interest.

- 71 -

(g) Further
Assurances. The Company covenants and agrees that, from time to time upon the request of the Collateral Agent (as directed by the
Administrative Agent), the Company will execute and deliver such further documents, and do such other acts and things as the Collateral
Agent (as directed by the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request in order fully to effect the purposes of this Agreement and to
protect and preserve the priority and validity of the security interest granted hereunder or to enable the Collateral Agent to exercise
and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder with respect to any Collateral; provided that no such document may alter the rights
and protections afforded to the Company or the Portfolio Manager herein.

(h) Release
of Security Interest upon Disposition of Collateral. Upon any sale, transfer or other disposition of any Collateral (or portion thereof)
that is permitted hereunder, the security interest granted hereunder in such Portfolio Investment or other Collateral (or the portion
thereof which has been sold or otherwise disposed of) shall, immediately upon the sale or other disposition of such Portfolio Investment
or other Collateral (or such portion) and without any further action on the part of the Collateral Agent or any other Secured Party, be
released. Upon any such release, the Collateral Agent will, at the Companys sole expense, deliver to the Company, or cause the Securities
Intermediary to deliver, without any representations, warranties or recourse of any kind whatsoever, all certificates and instruments
representing or evidencing all of the Collateral held by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and execute and deliver to the Company
or its nominee such documents as the Company shall reasonably request to evidence such release.

(i) Termination.
Upon the payment in full of all Secured Obligations and termination of the Financing Commitments, the security interest granted herein
shall automatically (and without further action by any party) terminate and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to the Company.
Upon the sale of any Portfolio Investments in accordance with the terms hereof, the security interest granted herein shall automatically
(and without further action by any party) terminate and such Portfolio Investments shall be sold free and clear of the lien of the Collateral
Agent; provided that the lien of the Collateral Agent shall attach to the proceeds of any such sale. Upon any such termination
described in the preceding two sentences, the Collateral Agent will, at the Companys sole expense, deliver to the Company, or cause the
Securities Intermediary to deliver, without any representations, warranties or recourse of any kind whatsoever, all certificates and instruments
representing or evidencing all of the Collateral held by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and execute and deliver to the Company
or its nominee such documents as the Company shall reasonably request to evidence such termination.

ARTICLE
IX

THE AGENTS

SECTION 9.01. Appointment
of Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints each of the Administrative Agent and
the Collateral Agent (each, an Agent and collectively, the Agents) as its agent and authorizes such
Agents to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof, together with
such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, each Agent and
each Lender hereby agree that no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral hereunder, it being understood
and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder with respect to the Collateral shall be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent
for the benefit of the Secured Parties at the direction of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as applicable.

Each financial institution serving
as an Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender (if applicable) as any other Lender and may exercise
the same as though it were not an Agent, and such financial institution and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and
generally engage in any kind of business with the Company as if it were not an Agent hereunder.

- 72 -

No Agent or the Collateral Administrator
shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) no
Agent shall be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) no
Agent shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except that the foregoing shall not limit
any duty expressly set forth in this Agreement to include such rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or that such Agent is required
to exercise as directed in writing by (i) in the case of the Collateral Agent (A) in respect of the exercise of remedies under Section
8.02(c), the Required Lenders, or (B) in all other cases, the Administrative Agent or (ii) in the case of any Agent, the Required Lenders
(or such other number or percentage of Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided herein), and (c) except as expressly
set forth herein, no Agent shall have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating
to the Company that is communicated to or obtained by the financial institution serving in the capacity of such Agent (except insofar
as provided to it as Agent hereunder) or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken
by it in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct or with the consent or at the request or direction of the Administrative
Agent (in the case of the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Agent only) or the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage
of Lenders that shall be permitted herein to direct such action or forbearance). None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator
or the Securities Intermediary shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of any matter, including any Default, Event of Default, Market
Value Event, Market Value Trigger Event or failure of the Borrowing Base Test unless and until a Responsible Officer has received written
notice thereof from the Company, a Lender or the Administrative Agent. None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the
Securities Intermediary or the Administrative Agent shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement,
warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document
or electronic communication delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants,
agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or any other Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness,
genuineness, value or sufficiency of this Agreement, any other agreement, instrument or document or the Collateral, or (v) the satisfaction
of any condition set forth herein or any other Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered
to such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary, as applicable. None of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral
Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or the Administrative Agent shall be required to risk or expend its own funds in connection
with the performance of its obligations hereunder if it reasonably believes it will not receive reimbursement therefor hereunder.

Each Agent shall be entitled
to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, direction,
opinion, document or other writing reasonably believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. Each
Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and reasonably believed by it to be made by the proper Person,
and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company),
independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance
with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.

In the event the Collateral
Agent or the Collateral Administrator shall receive conflicting instruction from the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders, the
instruction of the Required Lenders shall govern. Neither the Collateral Administrator nor the Collateral Agent shall have any duties
or obligations under or in respect of any other agreement (including any agreement that may be referenced herein) to which it is not a
party. The grant of any permissive right or power to the Collateral Agent hereunder shall not be construed to impose a duty to act.

- 73 -

It is expressly acknowledged
and agreed that neither the Collateral Administrator nor the Collateral Agent shall be responsible for, and shall not be under any duty
to monitor or determine, the Market Value of any Portfolio Investment, compliance with the Eligibility Criteria or the Concentration Limitations
in any instance, to determine if the conditions of Deliver have been satisfied or otherwise to monitor or determine compliance
by any other Person with the requirements of this Agreement.

Each of the Collateral Administrator,
the Securities Intermediary and each Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one
or more sub-agents appointed by it. None of the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary or any Agent shall be responsible
for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any sub-agent or attorney appointed by such Person with due care. Each of the Collateral
Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights
and powers through their respective Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and
its Affiliates (the Related Parties) for such Agent. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply
to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and each Agent and any such
sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein
as well as activities as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be.

Subject to the appointment and
acceptance of a successor as provided in this paragraph, each of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary
and the Administrative Agent may resign at any time upon 30 days (or such shorter period as the Company may agree) notice to each other
agent, the Lenders, the Portfolio Manager, the Securities Intermediary and the Company. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders
(with, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or no Market Value Event has occurred, the consent of the Company
and the Portfolio Manager) shall have the right to appoint a successor; provided, however, that any such successor receiving payment
from the Company shall be a U.S. person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations
Section 1.1441-1. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders, consented to by the Company and the Portfolio
Manager (if applicable) and accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Collateral Administrator, Collateral
Agent, Securities Intermediary or Administrative Agent, as applicable, gives notice of its resignation, then the Administrative Agent
may, on behalf of the Lenders and without the consent of the Company or the Portfolio Manager, appoint a successor which shall be a financial
institution with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such financial institution; provided, however, that any
such successor receiving payment from the Company shall be a U.S. person and a financial institution within the
meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Administrative Agent and shall have
accepted such appointment within sixty (60) days after the retiring Agent, Collateral Administrator or Securities Intermediary gives notice
of its resignation, such Agent, Collateral Administrator or Securities Intermediary may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for
the appointment of a successor; provided, however, that any such successor receiving payment from the Company shall be a U.S.
person and a financial institution within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1441-1. Upon the acceptance
of its appointment as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary, Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be,
hereunder (and, if applicable, under the Account Control Agreement) by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested
with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, Collateral Administrator or Securities Intermediary, as applicable,
hereunder and under the Account Control Agreement, and the retiring Agent, Collateral Administrator or Securities Intermediary, as applicable,
shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the Account Control Agreement. After the retiring Agents, Collateral
Administrators or Securities Intermediarys, as applicable, resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Sections 5.03 and
10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, Collateral Administrator or Securities Intermediary, as applicable,
its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was
acting as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary, Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be.

- 74 -

Subject to the appointment and
acceptance of a successor as provided in this paragraph, each of the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Agent and the Securities
Intermediary may be removed at any time with 30 days (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion)
notice by the Company (with the written consent of the Administrative Agent), with notice to the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral
Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Lenders and the Portfolio Manager (which removal of the Collateral Agent or the Securities Intermediary
will also be effective as removal under the Account Control Agreement). Upon any such removal, the Company shall have the right (with
the written consent of the Administrative Agent) to appoint a successor to the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator and/or the
Securities Intermediary, as applicable. If no successor to any such Person shall have been so appointed by the Company and shall have
accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after such notice of removal, then the Administrative Agent may appoint a successor
which shall be a financial institution with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such financial institution. If no
successor shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within sixty (60) days after the retiring Agent, Collateral
Administrator or Securities Intermediary gives notice of its resignation, such Agent, Collateral Administrator or Securities Intermediary
may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Collateral
Administrator, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed
to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the removed Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator and/or
Securities Intermediary hereunder and under the Account Control Agreement, and the removed Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator
and/or Securities Intermediary shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder (and, if applicable, under the Account Control
Agreement). After the removed Collateral Agents, Collateral Administrators and/or Securities Intermediarys removal hereunder, the provisions
of this Article and Sections 5.03 and 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such removed Collateral Agent, Collateral Administrator
and/or Securities Intermediary, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken
by any of them while it was acting as Collateral Administrator, Securities Intermediary or Collateral Agent, as the case may be.

Upon the request of the Company
or the Administrative Agent or the successor Agent, Collateral Administrator or Securities Intermediary, any such retiring or removed
Agent, Collateral Administrator or Securities Intermediary shall, upon payment of its charges then unpaid, execute and deliver an instrument
transferring to such successor party all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring or removed Agent, Collateral Administrator or Securities
Intermediary, and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor agent all property and money held by such retiring or removed
Agent, Collateral Administrator or Securities Intermediary hereunder (and under the Account Control Agreement, if applicable). Upon request
of any such successor, the Company and the Administrative Agent shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting
in and confirming to such successor agent all such rights, powers and trusts.

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, any corporation into which the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary
or the Collateral Administrator may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any
merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary or the Collateral Administrator shall be
a party, or any corporation succeeding to the corporate trust business of the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, or the
securities intermediary business of the Securities Intermediary shall be the successor of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary
or the Collateral Administrator hereunder, as applicable (and, if applicable, under the Account Control Agreement) without the execution
or filing of any paper with any Person or any further act on the part of any Person.

- 75 -

Each Lender acknowledges that
it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently
and without reliance upon any Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem
appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any related agreement
or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.

Anything in this Agreement notwithstanding,
in no event shall any Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary be liable for special, punitive, indirect or
consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including lost profits), even if such Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the
Securities Intermediary, as the case may be, has been advised of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.

Each Agent and the Collateral
Administrator shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by an officer or officers of such Agent or the Collateral
Administrator, unless it shall be conclusively determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that such Agent or the Collateral Administrator
was grossly negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.

Each Agent and the Collateral
Administrator shall not be responsible for the accuracy or content of any certificate, statement, direction or opinion furnished to it
in connection with this Agreement.

Each Agent and the Collateral
Administrator shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument,
opinion, report, consent, order, approval, bond or other document or electronic communication or have any responsibility for filing or
recording any financing or continuation statement in any public office at any time or to otherwise perfect or maintain the perfection
of any security interest or lien granted to it hereunder.

In the absence of gross negligence,
willful misconduct or bad faith on the part of the Agents, the Agents may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the
correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any request, instruction, certificate, opinion or other document or electronic communication
furnished to the Agents, reasonably believed by the Agents to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties
and conforming to the requirements of this Agreement but, in the case of a request, instruction, document or certificate which by any
provision hereof is specifically required to be furnished to the Agents, the Agents shall be under a duty to examine the same in accordance
with the requirements of this Agreement to determine that it conforms to the form required by such provision.

No Agent shall be responsible
for delays or failures in performance resulting from acts beyond its control. Such acts include but are not limited to acts of God, strikes,
lockouts, riots and acts of war. In connection with any payment, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator are entitled to
rely conclusively on any instructions provided to them by the Administrative Agent.

The rights, protections and
immunities given to the Collateral Agent in this Section 9.01 and 9.02 shall likewise be available and applicable in all respects to the
Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator.

- 76 -

SECTION 9.02. Additional
Provisions Relating to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Administrator

(a) Collateral
Agent May Perform. The Collateral Agent shall from time to time take such action (at the written direction of the Administrative Agent
or the Required Lenders) for the maintenance, preservation or protection of any of the Collateral or of its security interest therein
and the Administrative Agent may direct the Collateral Agent in writing to take any action incidental thereto; provided that in
each case the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to take any such action in the absence of such direction and shall have no obligation
to comply with any such direction if it reasonably believes that the same (1) is contrary to Applicable Law or (2) is reasonably likely
to subject the Collateral Agent to any loss, liability, cost or expense, unless the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as the
case may be, issuing such instruction make provision reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent for payment of same (which provision
may be payment of such cost or expense by the Company in accordance with the Priority of Payments if such arrangement is reasonably satisfactory
to the Collateral Agent). With respect to other actions which are incidental to the actions specifically delegated to the Collateral Agent
hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any such incidental action hereunder, but shall be required to act or to
refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting) upon the written direction of the Administrative
Agent.

If, in performing its duties
under this Agreement, the Collateral Agent is required to decide between alternative courses of action the Collateral Agent shall request
written instructions from the Administrative Agent as to the course of action desired by it. The Collateral Agent shall act in accordance
with instructions received after such five (5) Business Day period except to the extent it has already, in good faith, taken or committed
itself to take action inconsistent with such instructions. The Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely on the advice of legal counsel
and independent accountants in performing its duties hereunder and shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if it acts in accordance
with such advice.

(b) Custody
and Preservation. The Collateral Agent is required to hold in custody and preserve any of the Collateral in its possession pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement and the standard of care set forth herein, provided that the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to
have complied with the terms of this Agreement with respect to the custody and preservation of any of the Collateral if it takes such
action for that purpose as the Company reasonably requests (or, following the occurrence of a Market Value Event or following the occurrence
and during the continuance of an Event of Default, as the Administrative Agent reasonably requests), but failure of the Collateral Agent
to comply with any such request at any time shall not in itself be deemed a failure to comply with the terms of this Agreement. The Collateral
Agent will not be responsible for filing any financing or continuation statements or recording any documents or instruments in any public
office at any time or times or otherwise perfecting or maintaining the perfection of any liens thereon.

(c) Collateral
Agent Not Liable. Except to the extent arising from the gross negligence, willful misconduct, criminal conduct, fraud or reckless
disregard of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall not be liable by reason of its compliance with the terms of this Agreement
with respect to (1) the investment of funds held thereunder in Eligible Investments (other than for losses attributable to the Collateral
Agents failure to make payments on investments issued by the Collateral Agent, in its commercial capacity as principal obligor and not
as collateral agent, in accordance with their terms) or (2) losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any Eligible Investment
prior to its stated maturity. It is expressly agreed and acknowledged that the Collateral Agent is not guaranteeing performance of or
assuming any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any parties to the Portfolio Investments or other Collateral.

- 77 -

(d) Certain
Rights and Obligations of the Collateral Agent. Without further consent or authorization from any Lenders, the Collateral Agent may
execute any documents or instruments necessary to release any lien encumbering any item of Collateral that is the subject of a sale or
other disposition of assets permitted by this Agreement or as otherwise permitted or required hereunder or to which the Required Lenders
have otherwise consented. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event of a foreclosure by the Collateral Agent
on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, any Agent or Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral
at any such sale and the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Lenders (but not any Lender in its individual capacity
unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree), shall be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of
the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral sold at any such public sale, to use and apply any of the Secured Obligations
as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the purchaser at such sale.

(e) Collateral
Agent, Securities Intermediary and Collateral Administrator Fees and Expenses. The Company agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent,
the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator such fees as the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Securities
Intermediary, the Collateral Administrator and the Portfolio Manager, may agree in writing, subject to the Priority of Payments. The Company
further agrees to pay to the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator, or reimburse the Collateral
Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator for paying, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses, including
attorneys fees, in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to the Priority of Payments. The
Collateral Agents, Securities Intermediarys and Collateral Administrators fees shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and
the actual number of days elapsed during the related Calculation Period and shall be based on the product of the quoted number of basis
points in the Collateral Agents separate fee letter with the Company (or the Portfolio Manager on its behalf) and the aggregate principal
amount of the Collateral measured as of the Calculation Period State Date relating to each Payment Date.

(f) Execution
by the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Collateral Administrator. The Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary
and the Collateral Administrator are executing this Agreement solely in their capacity as Collateral Agent, Securities Intermediary and
Collateral Administrator, respectively, hereunder and in no event shall have any obligation to make any Advance, provide any Advance or
perform any obligation of the Administrative Agent hereunder.

(g) Reports
by the Collateral Administrator. The Company hereby appoints U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as Collateral Administrator
and directs the Collateral Administrator to prepare the reports substantially in the form reasonably agreed by the Company, the Collateral
Administrator and the Administrative Agent. The Company and the Portfolio Manager shall cooperate with the Collateral Administrator in
connection with the preparation of the reports described herein, including calculations relating to the reports contemplated herein or
as otherwise reasonably requested hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Portfolio Manager shall supply in a
timely fashion any determinations, designations, classifications or selections made by it relating to a Portfolio Investment, including
in connection with the acquisition or disposition thereof, and any information maintained by it that the Collateral Administrator may
from time to time reasonably request with respect to the Portfolio Investment and reasonably need to complete the reports required to
be prepared by the Collateral Administrator hereunder or reasonably required to permit the Collateral Administrator to perform its obligations
hereunder. The Collateral Administrator shall deliver a draft of each such report to the Portfolio Manager and the Portfolio Manager shall
have an opportunity to review, verify and approve the contents of the aforesaid reports. To the extent any of the information in such
reports conflicts with data or calculations in the records of the Portfolio Manager, the Portfolio Manager shall notify the Collateral
Administrator of such discrepancy and use reasonable efforts to assist the Collateral Administrator in reconciling such discrepancy. Upon
reasonable request by the Collateral Administrator, the Portfolio Manager further agrees to provide to the Collateral Administrator from
time to time during the term of this Agreement, on a timely basis, any information relating to the Portfolio Investments and any proposed
purchases, sales or other dispositions thereof as to enable the Collateral Administrator to perform its duties hereunder.

(h) Information
Provided to Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator. Without limiting the generality of any terms of this Section, neither the
Collateral Agent nor the Collateral Administrator shall have liability for any failure, inability or unwillingness on the part of the
Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent, the Company or the Required Lenders to provide accurate and complete information on a timely
basis to the Collateral Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, or otherwise on the part of any such party to comply with
the terms of this Agreement, and, absent gross negligence, willful misconduct, criminal conduct, fraud or reckless disregard of the Collateral
Agent or the Collateral Administrator, as applicable, shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in the performance or observance
on the Collateral Agents or Collateral Administrators, as applicable, part of any of its duties hereunder that is caused by or results
from any such inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information received by it, or other failure on the part of any such other party to comply
with the terms hereof.

- 78 -

ARTICLE
X

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 10.01. Non-Petition;
Limited Recourse. Each of the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Administrator, the Portfolio Manager and
the other parties hereto (other than the Administrative Agent acting at the direction of the Required Lenders) hereby agrees not to commence,
or join in the commencement of, any proceedings in any jurisdiction for the bankruptcy, winding-up or liquidation of the Company or any
similar proceedings, in each case prior to the date that is one year and one day (or if longer, any applicable preference period plus
one day) after the payment in full of all amounts owing to the parties hereto. The foregoing restrictions are a material inducement for
the parties hereto to enter into this Agreement and are an essential term of this Agreement. The Administrative Agent or the Company may
seek and obtain specific performance of such restrictions (including injunctive relief), including, without limitation, in any bankruptcy,
winding-up, liquidation or similar proceedings. The Company shall promptly object to the institution of any bankruptcy, winding-up, liquidation
or similar proceedings against it and take all necessary or advisable steps to cause the dismissal of any such proceeding; provided
that such obligation shall be subject to the availability of funds therefor. Nothing in this Section 10.01 shall limit the right of any
party hereto to file any claim or otherwise take any action with respect to any proceeding of the type described in this Section that
was instituted by the Company or against the Company by any Person other than a party hereto.

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, no recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company or the Portfolio
Manager contained in this Agreement shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, partner, officer, director, member, manager, employee
or agent of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates (solely by virtue of such capacity) by the enforcement
of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood
that this Agreement is solely an obligation of the Company and (with respect to the express obligations of the Portfolio Manager under
the Loan Documents) the Portfolio Manager and that no personal liability whatever shall attach to or be incurred by any incorporator,
stockholder, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent of the Company, the Portfolio Manager or any of their respective Affiliates
(solely by virtue of such capacity) or any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Company
or the Portfolio Manager contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or implied therefrom, and that any and all personal liability
for breaches by the Company or the Portfolio Manager of any of such obligations, covenants or agreements, either at common law or at equity,
or by statute, rule or regulation, of every such incorporator, stockholder, officer, director, member, manager, employee or agent is hereby
expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement.

SECTION 10.02. Notices.
All notices and other communications in respect hereof (including, without limitation, any modifications hereof, or requests, waivers
or consents hereunder) to be given or made by a party hereto shall be in writing (including by electronic mail or other electronic messaging
system of .pdf or other similar files) to the other parties hereto at the addresses for notices specified on the Transaction Schedule
(or, as to any such party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a notice to each other party hereto). All such
notices and other communications shall be deemed to have been duly given when (a) transmitted by facsimile, (b) personally delivered,
(c) in the case of a mailed notice, upon receipt, or (d) in the case of notices and communications transmitted by electronic mail or any
other electronic messaging system, upon delivery, in each case given or addressed as aforesaid.

- 79 -

SECTION 10.03. No Waiver.
No failure on the part of any party hereto to exercise and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing with respect to, any right,
power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power
or privilege under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

SECTION 10.04. Expenses;
Indemnity; Damage Waiver; Right of Setoff.

(a) TheSubject
to the Priority of Payments, the Company shall pay (1) all fees and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and their Related Parties, including(limited, in the case of legal counsel fees, to the fees, charges
and disbursements of one firm of outside counsel for eachthe
Administrative Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole, and one firm of outside counsel for the Collateral Agent, the Collateral
Administrator and the Securities Intermediary, taken as a whole (and, in
each case, one firm of local counsel for each such group in any applicable jurisdiction)) in connection with the preparation and
administration of this Agreement, the Account Control Agreement or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or
thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (2) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary and the Lenders,
including(limited, in the case of legal counsel fees, to
the fees, charges and disbursements of one firm of outside counsel
for eachthe Administrative
Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole, and one firm of outside counsel for the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator,and the Securities Intermediary and
such other, taken as a whole (and, in each case, one firm
of local counsel as required for all of themfor
each such group in any applicable jurisdiction)), in connection herewith, including the enforcement or protection of their rights
in connection with this Agreement and the Account Control Agreement, including their rights under this Section, or in connection with
the Advances provided by them hereunder, including all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout,
restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Advances.

(b) TheSubject
to the Priority of Payments, the Company shall indemnify the Agents, the Collateral Administrator, the Securities Intermediary,
the Lenders and their Related Parties (each such Person being called an Indemnitee), against, and hold each Indemnitee
harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including(limited,
in the case of legal counsel fees, to the fees, charges and disbursements of one
firm of outside counsel for each Indemnitee and
such other local counsel as required for any Indemniteesthe
Administrative Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole, and one firm of outside counsel for the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator
and the Securities Intermediary, taken as a whole (and, in each case, one firm of local counsel for each such group in any applicable
jurisdiction)), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (1) the execution
or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties thereto of their respective
obligations or the exercise or enforcement of the parties thereto of their respective rights or the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby, (2) any Advance or the use of the proceeds therefrom, or (3) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding
relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party
thereto or is pursuing or defending any such action; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available
to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by
final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (x) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee and its Related
Parties or (y) the material noncompliance by the Administrative Agent or Lenders of their respective obligations under this Agreement
(it being understood that this clause (y) shall not be applicable to an Indemnitee that is not a Related Party of the Administrative Agent
or Lender in material noncompliance). This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent
losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. Payments under this Section 10.04(b) to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders
or their Related Parties shall be made by the Company to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable recipient.

- 80 -

(c) To
the extent permitted by Applicable Law, neither the Company nor any Indemnitee shall assert, and each hereby waives, any claim against
the Company or any Indemnitee, as applicable, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as
opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Transaction Document
or any agreement, instrument or transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, any Advance or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided,
that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the Companys indemnification obligations hereunder to the extent that such damages
are included in a third party claim in connection with which an Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification hereunder.

(d) If
an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and
from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand,
provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the
account of the Company against any of and all the obligations of the Company now or hereafter existing under this Agreement held by such
Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be
unmatured. The rights of each Lender under this clause (d) are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff)
which such Lender may have.

(e) This
Section 10.04 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the repayment of all amounts owing to the Secured Parties hereunder and,
if applicable, the earlier resignation or removal of any Indemnitee.

SECTION 10.05. Amendments.
No amendment, modification or waiver in respect of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing (including, without limitation,
a writing evidenced by a facsimile transmission or electronic mail) and executed by each of the Agents, the Collateral Administrator,
the Securities Intermediary, the Required Lenders, the Company and the Portfolio Manager; provided, however, that any amendment
to this Agreement that the Administrative Agent determines in its commercially reasonable judgment is necessary to effectuate the purposes
of Section 1.04 hereof following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market
Value Event and which would not result in an increase or decrease in the rights, duties or liabilities of the Portfolio Manager or the
Company shall not be required to be executed by the Portfolio Manager or the Company; provided further that the Administrative
Agent may waive any of the Eligibility Criteria and the requirements set forth in Schedule 3 or Schedule 4 in its sole discretion; provided
further that none of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Administrator or the Securities Intermediary shall be required to execute
any amendment that affects its rights, duties, protections or immunities; provided further that any Material Amendment shall require
the prior written consent of each Lender affected thereby.

- 81 -

SECTION 10.06. Successors;
Assignments.

(a) The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns permitted hereby, except that the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without
the prior written consent of the Portfolio Manager, the Administrative Agent and each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer
by the Company without such consent shall be null and void) and the Portfolio Manager may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its
rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent. Except as expressly set forth herein, nothing
in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under
or by reason of this Agreement.

(b) Subject
to the conditions set forth in the Syndication Letter, any Lender may assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this
Agreement in accordance with the terms specified in the Syndication Letter.

(c) Subject
to the conditions set forth in the Syndication Letter, any Lender may sell participations in all or a portion of such Lenders rights
and obligations under this Agreement in accordance with the terms specified in the Syndication Letter.

(d) Each
Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters
the name and address of each Lender Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Lender Participants interest
in the Advances or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender
shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Lender Participant
or any information relating to a Lender Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under
any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter
of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or is otherwise
required thereunder. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each
Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding
any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have
no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. The Company agrees that each Lender Participant shall be entitled through the
Lender granting such participation (and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall have no direct rights against the Company) to the benefits
of Sections 3.01(e) and 3.03 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.03(f) (it
being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.03(f) shall be delivered to the Lender that sells the participation))
to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided
that such Lender Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 3.01(f) relating to replacement of Lenders as if it
were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections
3.01(e) and 3.03, with respect to any participation, than the Lender that sells the participation would have been entitled to receive,
except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Lender Participant
acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Companys request and expense, to use reasonable
efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the replacement of Lenders provisions set forth in Section 3.01(f) with respect to
any Lender Participant.

- 82 -

SECTION 10.07. Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Etc.

(a) Governing
Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York.

(b) Submission
to Jurisdiction. Any suit, action or proceedings relating to this Agreement (collectively, Proceedings) shall be
tried and litigated in the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in
New York City. With respect to any Proceedings, each party hereto irrevocably (i) submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts
of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City and (ii) waives any
objection which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim that such
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings, that
such court does not have any jurisdiction over such party. Nothing in this Agreement precludes any party hereto from bringing Proceedings
to enforce any judgment against any such party arising out of or relating to this Agreement in the courts of any place where such party
or any of its assets may be found or located, nor will the bringing of such Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the
bringing of such Proceedings in any other jurisdiction.

(c) Waiver
of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

SECTION 10.08. Interest
Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Advance, together
with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Advance under Applicable Law (collectively the Charges),
shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate) which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved
by the Lender holding such Advance in accordance with Applicable Law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Advance hereunder,
together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and
Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Advance but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section 10.08
shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Advances or periods shall be increased (but
not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to
the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender.

SECTION 10.09. PATRIOT
Act. Each Lender and Agent that is subject to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Company that pursuant to the
requirements of the PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Company, which information
includes the name and address of the Company and other information that will allow such Lender or Agent to identify the Company in accordance
with the PATRIOT Act.

SECTION 10.10. Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts by facsimile or other written form of communication, each of which shall
be deemed to be an original as against the party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the
same instrument. This Agreement shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized
individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature; (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature,
or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state
enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant
provisions of the UCC (collectively, Signature Law), in each case to the extent applicable. Each
faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal
effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon,
and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature,
of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof.
For the avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings when required
under the UCC or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character of the writings.

- 83 -

SECTION 10.11. Headings.
Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement
and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

SECTION 10.12. Confidentiality.

Each Agent and each Lender agrees
to maintain the confidentiality of the Information for a period of two (2) years after receipt thereof (or, with respect to Information
relating to or provided by an obligor in respect of a Portfolio Investment, for a period commencing upon receipt thereof and ending on
the date on which the confidentiality obligations of the Company with respect to such obligor terminate), except that Information may
be disclosed (i) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other
advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information
and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (ii) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory
authority), (iii) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iv) to
any other party to this Agreement, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder, any sale of Portfolio Investments
by or at the direction of the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 1.04 hereof or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this
Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vi) subject to an agreement containing
provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.12, to (x) any assignee of or Participant in (to the extent such
Person is permitted to become an assignee or Participant hereunder), or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights
or obligations under this Agreement or (y) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction
relating to the Company and its obligations, (vii) with the consent of the Company or (viii) to the extent such Information
(x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.12 by the delivering party or its Affiliates
or (y) becomes available to any Agent or Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company. Each partys obligations
under this Section 10.12 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the
replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Financing Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations
under any Loan Document. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.12 shall be
considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality
of such Information as such Person would accord its own confidential information.

- 84 -

SECTION 10.13. Acknowledgement
and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other agreement,
arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected
Financial Institution arising under this Agreement may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution
Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a) the application of any
Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable
to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution; and

(b) the effects of any Bail-In
Action on any such liability, including, if applicable:

(1) a reduction in full or in part or
cancellation of any such liability;

(2) a conversion of all, or a portion
of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge
institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted
by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement; or

(3) the variation of the terms of such
liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any applicable Resolution Authority.

As used herein:

Affected Financial
Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution.

Bail-In Action
means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected
Financial Institution.

Bail-In Legislation
means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the
Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In
Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to
time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment
firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings).

EEA Financial Institution
means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b)
any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c)
any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition
and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent.

EEA Member Country
means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

EEA Resolution Authority
means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including
any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

- 85 -

EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in
effect from time to time.

Resolution Authority
means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority.

UK Financial Institution
means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom
Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated
by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates
of such credit institutions or investment firms.

UK Resolution Authority
means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution.

Write-Down and Conversion
Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority
from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described
in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under
the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or
instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that
person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it
or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary
to any of those powers.

- 86 -

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.

FBCC JUPITER FUNDING, LLC, 

as Company

By 

Name: 

Title: 

FRANKLIN BSP CAPITAL ADVISER

L.L.C.CORPORATION,

as Portfolio Manager

By 

Name: 

Title: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent

By 

Name: 

Title: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Administrator

By 

Name: 

Title: 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Securities Intermediary

By 

Name: 

Title: 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent

By 

Name: James Greenfield

Title: Executive Director

The Lenders

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Lender

By 

Name: James Greenfield

Title: Executive Director

SCHEDULE 1

Transaction Schedule

1. Types of Financing Available Financing Limit

Advances yes 

U.S.$400,000,000800,000,000.
After any additional Commitment Increase Date, if any, U.S.$400,000,000800,000,000plus the principal amount of each increase in the Financing Commitment set forth in the applicable Commitment Increase Requests
up to U.S.$400,000,0001,050,000,000
in aggregate Financing Limit after giving effect to all such Commitment Increase Requests. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (I) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances denominated
in any Permitted Non-USD Currency may not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the product of (i) 30% and (ii) the Financing Limit
then in effect and (B) the Collateral Principal Amount of all Portfolio Investments denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, (II)
the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances denominated in GBP may not exceed an amount equal
to the lesser of (A) the product of (i) 10% and (ii) the Financing Limit then in effect and (B) the Collateral Principal Amount of all
Portfolio Investments denominated in GBP, (III) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances denominated
in AUD may not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the product of (i) 5% and (ii) the Financing Limit then in effect and (B) the
Collateral Principal Amount of all Portfolio Investments denominated in AUD, and (IV) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding
principal amount of all Advances denominated in EUR may not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the product of (i) 10% and (ii)
the Financing Limit then in effect and (B) the Collateral Principal Amount of all Portfolio Investments denominated in EUR.

2. Lenders Financing Commitment

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association U.S.$400,000,000800,000,000. After any additional Commitment Increase Date, if any, U.S.$400,000,0001,050,000,000plus the principal amount of each increase in the Financing Commitment set forth in the applicable Commitment Increase Requests up to U.S.$400,000,0001,050,000,000 in aggregate Financing Commitment after giving effect to all such Commitment Increase Requests, in each case, as reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 4.07. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (I) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency may not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the product of (i) 30% and (ii) the Financing Limit then in effect and (B) the Collateral Principal Amount of all Portfolio Investments denominated in any Permitted Non-USD Currency, (II) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances denominated in GBP may not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the product of (i) 10% and (ii) the Financing Limit then in effect and (B) the Collateral Principal Amount of all Portfolio Investments denominated in GBP, (III) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances denominated in AUD may not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the product of (i) 5% and (ii) the Financing Limit then in effect and (B) the Collateral Principal Amount of all Portfolio Investments denominated in AUD, and (IV) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Advances denominated in EUR may not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of (A) the product of (i) 10% and (ii) the Financing Limit then in effect and (B) the Collateral Principal Amount of all Portfolio Investments denominated in EUR.

3. Scheduled Termination Date: October 4, 20272029

4. Interest Rates 

Applicable Margin for Advances: 

With respect to interest based on the
Term SOFR Rate, 2.55any Benchmark, 2.25% per annum
(subject to increase in accordance with Section 3.01(b)); provided that,
in the case of Advances denominated in GBP, the Applicable Margin for Advances shall be the applicable percentage specified above plus
0.1193% per annum.

With respect to interest based on the Base Rate, 2.552.25%
per annum (subject to increase in accordance with Section 3.01(b)); provided
that, (x) in the case of Advances denominated in GBP, the Applicable Margin for Advances shall be the applicable percentage specified
above plus 0.1193% per annum.

- 2 -

5. Account Numbers 

Custodial Account: [***]

Interest Collection Account: [***]

Principal Collection Account: [***]

MV Cure Account: [***]

Unfunded Exposure Account: [***]

Permitted
Non-USD Currency Accounts:

AUD:

AUD Custodial Account: [***]

AUD Interest Collection Account: [***]

AUD Principal Collection Account: [***]

CAD:

CAD Custodial Account: [***]

CAD Interest Collection Account: [***]

CAD Principal Collection Account: [***]

EUR:

EUR Custodial Account: [***]

EUR Interest Collection Account: [***]

EUR Principal Collection Account: [***]

GBP:

GBP Custodial Account: [***]

GBP Interest Collection Account: [***]

GBP Principal Collection Account: [***]

6. Market Value Trigger: 70.0%

7. Market Value Cure Level: 60.0%

8. Purchases of Restricted Securities 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Portfolio Investment may constitute, at the time of initial purchase, a Restricted Security. As used herein, Restricted Security means any security that forms part of a new issue of publicly issued securities (a) with respect to which an Affiliate of any Lender that is a broker or a dealer, within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, participated in the distribution as a member of a selling syndicate or group within 30 days of the proposed purchase by the Company and (b) which the Company proposes to purchase from any such Affiliate of any Lender. 

- 3 -

Addresses for Notices

The Company: 

FBCC Jupiter Funding, LLC

c/o Benefit Street Partners L.L.C.

9 West 57th Street,
Suite 4920

1
Madison Ave, Floor 16

New York, NY 1001910010

Attn: Michael Frick

Telephone: [***]

Email: [***]

The Portfolio Manager: 

Franklin BSP Capital Adviser L.L.C.Corporation

c/o Benefit Street Partners L.L.C.

9 West 57th Street,
Suite 4920

1
Madison Ave, Floor 16

New York, NY 1001910010

Attn: Michael Frick

Telephone: [***]

Email: [***]

The Administrative Agent: 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd.,

3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713 

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

Telephone: [***]

with a copy to

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association

383 Madison Ave.

New York, New York 10179 

Attention: James Greenfield

Telephone: [***]

Email:

[***]

With a copy to:

[***]

The Collateral Agent: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

One Federal Street, 3rd Floor

Boston, Massachusetts, 02110 Attention: Global Corporate Trust FBCC Jupiter Funding, LLC

Email: [***], with a copy to [***]

The Securities Intermediary: 

U.S. Bank National Association

One Federal Street, 3rd Floor

Boston, Massachusetts, 02110 Attention: Global Corporate Trust FBCC Jupiter Funding, LLC

Email: [***], with a copy to [***]

The Collateral Administrator: 

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

One Federal Street, 3rd Floor

Boston, Massachusetts, 02110 Attention: Global Corporate Trust FBCC Jupiter Funding, LLC

Email: [***], with a copy to [***]

- 4 -

JPMCB: 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd.,

3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713 

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

Telephone: [***]

with a copy to:

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association

383 Madison Ave.

New York, New York 10179 

Attention: James Greenfield

Telephone: [***]

Each other Lender: The address (or facsimile number or electronic mail address) provided by it to the Administrative Agent. 

- 5 -

SCHEDULE 2

Contents of Notices of Acquisition

Each Notice of Acquisition shall include the following information
for the related Portfolio Investment(s):

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

Email: [***]

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179

Attention: Christopher Cestaro

Email: [***]

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Lender

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

cc:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent
and Collateral Administrator

One Federal Street, 3rd Floor

Boston, Massachusetts 02110

Attention: Global Corporate Trust 
FBCC Jupiter Funding, LLC

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is hereby made to the Loan and Security
Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2023 (as amended, the Agreement), among FBCC Jupiter Funding, LLC, as borrower (the
Company), JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent),
Franklin BSP Capital Adviser L.L.C.Corporation,
as portfolio manager (the Portfolio Manager), the lenders party thereto and the collateral agent, collateral administrator
and securities intermediary party thereto. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings
given such terms in the Agreement.

Pursuant to the Agreement, the Portfolio Manager
hereby [requests approval for the Company to acquire][notifies the Administrative Agent of the Companys intention to acquire] the following
Portfolio Investment(s):1

Fund 

Issuer / Obligor 

Jurisdiction 

Identifier (LoanX; CUSIP) 

Requested Notional Amount 

Currency 

Asset Class 

Current Pay (Y/N) 

Syndication Type 

Lien 

Tranche Size 

Price 

Spread / Coupon 

BaseReferenceRate 

Reference Rate Floor 

Maturity 

Moodys Industry Classification 

LTM EBITDA (In Millions) 

LTM Capital Expenditures (in Millions) 

Leverage Through Tranche (Net) 

Interest Coverage 

Financial Covenants 

Security Identifier 

Security Description 

Quantity 

Partial PIK Portfolio Investment (Y/N) 

To the extent available, we have included herewith
(1) the material underlying instruments (including, in the case of a Loan, the final credit agreement and collateral and security documents)
relating to each such Portfolio Investment, (2) an audited financial statement for the previous most recently ended three years of the
obligor of each such Portfolio Investment, (3) quarterly statements for the previous most recently ended eight fiscal quarters of the
obligor of each such Portfolio Investment, (4) any appraisal or valuation reports conducted by third parties in connection with the proposed
investment by the Company, (5) applicable proof of existence details (if requested by the Administrative Agent), and (6) investment
committee memo. The Portfolio Manager acknowledges that it will provide such other information from time to time reasonably requested
by the Administrative Agent.

We hereby certify that all conditions to the Purchase
of such Portfolio Investment(s) set forth in Section 1.03 of the Agreement are satisfied.

Very truly yours,

Franklin BSP Capital Adviser L.L.C.Corporation,

as Portfolio Manager

By 

Name:

Title:

1 Company to complete as applicable.

- 2 -

SCHEDULE 3

Eligibility Criteria

1. Such obligation is a Senior Secured Loan (including a Recurring Revenue Loan), a Second Lien Loan or a
corporate debt security and is not a Mezzanine Obligation, a Synthetic Security, a Zero-Coupon Security, a Structured Finance Obligation,
a Participation Interest (other than Initial Portfolio Investments), a Revolving Loan or a letter of credit or an interest therein.

2. Such obligation does not require the making of any future advance or payment by the Company to the issuer
thereof or any related counterparty except in connection with a Delayed Funding Term Loan and
the unfunded portion of any such Delayed Funding Term Loan shall be denominated in USD.

3. Such obligation is (i) eligible to be entered into by, sold or assigned to the Company and pledged to
the Collateral Agent and (ii) able to be sold by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or their respective designees, including
following the occurrence of an Event of Default or Market Value Event and, to the extent there is an express prohibition (other than customary
transfer restrictions) on the pledging or transfer of such obligation, a consent from the applicable general partner, managing member,
board of directors or any similar governing body of the obligor of the Portfolio Investment authorizing and consenting to the pledge or
transfer of such obligation shall have been obtained.

4. Such obligation is denominated and payable in U.S. dollarsUSD
or a Permitted Non-USD Currency and purchased at a price that is at least 80% of the par amount of such obligation.

5. Such obligation is issued by a company organized in an Eligible Jurisdiction.

6. It is an obligation upon which no payments are subject to deduction or withholding for or on account of
any withholding Taxes imposed by any jurisdiction unless the related obligor is required to make gross-up payments that cover
the full amount of any such withholding Taxes (subject to customary conditions to such payments which the Company (or the Portfolio Manager
on behalf of the Company) in its good faith reasonable judgment expects to be satisfied).

7. Such obligation is not subject to an event of default (as defined in the underlying instruments for such
obligation) in accordance with its terms (including the terms of its underlying instruments after giving effect to any grace and/or cure
period set forth in the related loan agreement or other primary underlying instruments, but not to exceed five (5) daysBusiness
Days) and no Indebtedness of the obligor thereon ranking pari passu with or senior to such obligation is in default with
respect to the payment of principal or interest or is subject to any other event of default that would trigger a default under the related
loan agreement or other primary underlying instruments (after giving effect to any grace and/or cure period set forth in the related loan
agreement or other primary underlying instruments, but not to exceed five (5) daysBusiness
Days) (a Defaulted Obligation).

8. The timely repayment of such obligation is not subject to non-credit-related risk as determined by the
Portfolio Manager in its good faith and reasonable judgment.

9. It is not at the time of purchase or commitment to purchase the subject of an offer other than an offer
pursuant to the terms of which the offeror offers to acquire a debt obligation in exchange for consideration consisting solely of cash
in an amount equal to or greater than the full face amount of such debt obligation plus any accrued and unpaid interest.

10. Such obligation is not an equity security and does not provide, on the date of acquisition, for conversion
or exchange at any time over its life into an equity security.

11. Such obligation provides for periodic payments of interest thereon in cash at least semi-annually (other
than with respect to a Partial PIK Portfolio Investment).

12. Such obligation will not cause the Company or the pool of Collateral to be required to register as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

13. The Portfolio Investment has been, or substantially concurrently with the acquisition thereof will be,
Delivered to the Collateral Agent.

14. In the case of a Portfolio Investment that is a Loan, (i) to the knowledge of the Company and the Portfolio
Manager after reasonable inquiry, the Administrative Agent is an eligible Assignee (as such term, or comparable term, is defined
in the documents evidencing such Portfolio Investment) and such Portfolio Investment is otherwise permitted to be entered into by, sold
or assigned to the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Company has delivered to the Collateral Agent to hold in custody in accordance with
this Agreement (to be provided to the Administrative Agent upon written request (including via email) following the occurrence and during
the continuance of an Event of Default or following the occurrence of a Market Value Event) an assignment agreement duly executed by the
administrative agent (as required to effect an assignment pursuant to such Underlying Instruments) in respect of such Portfolio Investment,
naming the Administrative Agent as assignee; provided that the preceding clause (ii) shall be applicable with respect to each Portfolio
Investment only if the Company or the Portfolio Manager (or in each case, an affiliate thereof) acts as the administrative agent in respect
of such Portfolio Investment; provided further that with respect of each such Initial Portfolio Investment the Company shall have
delivered any documents required under the preceding clause (ii) by November 18, 2023.

15. Following the relevant Trade Date, such Portfolio Investment has not been amended to (a) reduce the principal amount of such Portfolio
Investment, (b) postpone the maturity date or any scheduled prepayment date in respect of such Portfolio Investment, (c) alter the pro
rata allocation or sharing of payments or distributions required by any related underlying instruments in a manner adverse to the Company,
(d) release any material guarantor of such Portfolio Investment from its obligations, or (e) terminate or release any lien on a material
portion of the collateral securing such Portfolio Investment, in each case without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent
(at the direction of the Required Lenders); provided that this clause 15 shall not be applicable for purposes of Section 1.03 of
the Agreement.

16. Without limitation to clause 7 above, in the case of a Recurring Revenue Loan, (i) the obligor on such
obligation has not violated any financial covenant contained in such obligations underlying instruments and (ii) no such financial covenant
has been amended, modified or waived and, without limitation to the foregoing, no amendment to the underlying instruments with respect
to such Portfolio Investment that relates to a Specified Matter has been entered into, in each case, since the date of the Purchase Commitment
for such obligation (in the case of this subclause (ii), unless otherwise consented to by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion).

17. Such obligation is not underwritten as a real estate loan principally secured by real property.

- 2 -

The following capitalized
terms used in this Schedule 3 shall have the meanings set forth below:

Eligible
Jurisdictions means the United States and any State therein, Canada, the United Kingdom, the
Netherlands, France and LuxembourgAustralia, Norway, New
Zealand, Switzerland and any country within the European Economic Area (other than Romania, Bulgaria, Cyprus and Malta).

Letter
of Credit means a facility whereby (i) a fronting bank (LOC Agent Bank) issues or will issue a letter of credit
(LC) for or on behalf of a borrower pursuant to an underlying instrument, (ii) if the LC is drawn upon, and the borrower does
not reimburse the LOC Agent Bank, the lender/participant is obligated to fund its portion of the facility and (iii) the LOC Agent Bank
passes on (in whole or in part) the fees and any other amounts it receives for providing the LC to the lender/participant.

Recurring
Revenue Loan means a Senior Secured Loan underwritten based on the definition of annualized recurring revenue (or
an equivalent term) in the underlying instruments, or if no such definition exists in such underlying instruments, all recurring maintenance,
service, support, hosting, subscription and other revenues identified by the Portfolio Manager, including, without limitation, software
as a service subscription revenue, and designated as a Recurring Revenue Loan by Administrative Agent in connection with its initial approval
of such Loan in accordance with this Agreement.

Specified
Matter means any Amendment of a Portfolio Investment that (a) reduces the principal amount of such Portfolio Investment, (b)
reduces the rate of interest payable on such Portfolio Investment, (c) postpones the due date of any scheduled payment or distribution
in respect of such Portfolio Investment, (d) alters the pro rata allocation or sharing of payments or distributions required by any related
underlying instrument in a manner adverse to the Company, (e) releases any material guarantor of such Portfolio Investment from its obligations,
(f) terminates or releases any lien on a material portion on the collateral securing such Portfolio Investment, (g) changes any of the
provisions of any such underlying instrument specifying the number or percentage of lenders required to effect any of the foregoing or
(h) materially changes any financial maintenance covenant.

Structured
Finance Obligation means any obligation issued by a special purpose vehicle and secured directly by, referenced to, or representing
ownership of, a pool of receivables or other financial assets of any obligor, including collateralized debt obligations and mortgage-backed
securities.

Synthetic
Security means a security or swap transaction, other than a participation interest or a letter of credit, that has payments
associated with either payments of interest on and/or principal of a reference obligation or the credit performance of a reference obligation.

Zero-Coupon
Security means any debt security that by its terms (a) does not bear interest for all or part of the remaining period that it
is outstanding or (b) pays interest only at its stated maturity.

- 3 -

SCHEDULE 4

Concentration Limitations

The Concentration Limitations
shall be satisfied on any date of determination if, in the aggregate, the Portfolio Investments (other than any Ineligible Investments)
owned (or in relation to a proposed purchase of a Portfolio Investment, proposed to be owned) by the Company comply with all the requirements
set forth below:

1. Portfolio Investments issued by a single obligor and its affiliatesAffiliates
may not exceed an aggregate principal balance equal to 4% of the Collateral Principal Amount; provided that Portfolio Investments
which are Senior Secured Loans issued by three (3) obligors and their respective affiliatesAffiliates
may each constitute up to an aggregate principal balance equal to 6% of the Collateral Principal Amount, so long as any Portfolio Investment
(or portion thereof) that causes the aggregate principal balance of the Portfolio Investments issued by either such obligor or its Affiliates
to exceed 4% of the Collateral Principal Amount is not a Recurring Revenue Loan.

2. Not more than 20% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments that are Second
Lien Loans, Recurring Revenue Loans or a corporate debt security.

3. Not less than 80% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Senior Secured Loans and cash and
Cash Equivalents on deposit in the Principal Collection Account as Principal Proceeds.

4. Not more than 20% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments that are issued
by obligors that belong to the same Moodys Industry Classification; provided that (i) Portfolio Investments that are issued by
obligors that belong to one Moodys Industry Classification (other than Industry Codes 12, 21, 22 and 30) may constitute up to 25% of
the Collateral Principal Amount and (ii) Portfolio Investments that are issued by obligors that belong to one Moodys Industry Classification
(other than Industry Codes 12, 21, 22 and 30) may constitute up to 30% of the Collateral Principal Amount. As used herein, Moodys
Industry Classifications means the industry classifications set forth in Schedule 6 hereto, as such industry classifications
shall be updated at the option of the Portfolio Manager (with the consent of the Administrative Agent) if Moodys publishes revised industry
classifications.

5. The Unfunded Exposure Amount shall not exceed 5% of the Collateral Principal Amount.

6. Not more than an aggregate of 30.0% of the
Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments denominated in a Permitted Non-USD Currency; provided, that (v)
not more than an aggregate of 10.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments denominated in CAD, (w) not
more than an aggregate of 10.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments denominated in Euro, (x) not more
than an aggregate of 10.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments denominated in GBP, and (y) not more
than an aggregate of 5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments denominated in AUD.

7. Not more than an aggregate of 30.0% of the
Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments whose obligors are organized in Eligible Jurisdictions other than the
United States; provided, that (v) not more than an aggregate of 10.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio
Investments whose Obligors are organized in Canada, (w) not more than an aggregate of 10.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist
of Portfolio Investments whose Obligors are organized in the European Union, (x) not more than an aggregate of 10.0% of the Collateral
Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments whose obligors are organized in United Kingdom, and (y) not more than an aggregate
of 5.0% of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Portfolio Investments whose Obligors are organized in Australia.

68. Not more than an aggregate of 10% of the Collateral Principal
Amount may consist of Recurring Revenue Loans.

9. Not more than 20% of the Collateral Principal
Amount may consist of Partial PIK Portfolio Investments which are currently deferring interest payments.

- 2 -

SCHEDULE 5

Initial Portfolio Investments

Security Code Issuer Group Instrument Notional (USD)

Access_TL Access Healthcare TL 21,285,862.50

Advanced_DDTL Advanced Dermatology DDTL 1,174,086.02

Advanced_TL Advanced Dermatology TL 5,727,120.00

LX207656 Alera TL 2,880,565.83

LX207657_F Alera TL 4,594,780.59

AMC_TL21 AMC Situs TL 6,340,608.87

LX195013 American Rock Salt 2nd Lien TL 6,010,000.00

LX195011 American Rock Salt TLB 2,028,600.00

AmVision_DDTL American Vision Partners DDTL 2,985,840.00

AmVision_TL American Vision Partners TL 7,230,217.50

Aptos_Bond Aptos 1st Lien Nts 4,183,000.00

LX194868 Ascensus 2nd Lien TL 6,080,000.00

Avalara_TL Avalara TL 19,896,000.00

LX195993 Aveanna Healthcare Holdings Inc TLB 444,964.00

Axia_TL Axia Womens Health TL 12,490,100.01

LX204412 Beeline TL 5,527,667.69

LX204412 Beeline TL 251,600.00

CPE_TL Center Phase Energy TL 11,749,320.00

NPD_TL Circana TL 17,064,170.06

Cisive_TL Cisive TL 4,976,012.50

ComLink_DDTL Comlinkdata DDTL 2,614,432.50

ComLink_TL Comlinkdata TL 7,516,125.00

LX203012 Community Brands TL 9,105,737.50

LX193778 Corelogic Inc 2nd Lien 4,645,000.00

Coronis_TL Coronis Health TL 24,177,300.00

Cross_TL CrossCountry Consulting TL 7,201,260.00

LX194848 Division Holding Corp TLB 3,722,692.50

LX203848 Eliassen TL 5,708,860.00

FGT_TL Fast Growing Trees TL 9,609,660.00

Ferraro_DDTL Ferraro Foods DDTL 2,430,980.00

Ferraro_TL Ferraro Foods TL 11,235,700.00

Ferraro_TL22 Ferraro Foods TL 832,462.50

Ferraro_DDTL22 Ferraro Foods DDTL 2,905,000.00

FE_TL First Eagle Floating Note 13,860,000.00

LX198930 Florida Food Products, Inc TLB 12,568,900.00

Galway_TL Galway Holdings TL 13,472,736.48

Geosyntec_TL Geosyntec TL 11,465,190.00

IMIA_DDTL IMIA DDTL 2,029,361.25

IMIA_TL IMIA TL 20,060,510.00

Innova_DDTL21B InnovaCare DDTL 1,566,777.38

Innova_TL21 InnovaCare TL 9,402,674.50

Innova_DDTL21 InnovaCare DDTL 796,042.72

Inovar_DDTL Inovar Packaging DDTL 3,821,795.00

Inovar_TL Inovar Packaging TL 8,935,740.00

Insight_TL Insight Global TL 7,976,917.50

Insight_TL22 Insight Global TL 143,804.51

LX194199 Kissner Milling Co Ltd TLB 1,092,383.97

LX191638 Lacerta TL 4,884,750.00

LX193072 Liquid Tech Solutions TL 5,424,788.77

Maclean_TL MacLean Power Systems TL 12,869,745.00

Media_DDTL Media NewCo DDTL 4,814,020.08

Media_TL Media NewCo OpCo TL 12,159,206.92

Odessa_TL Odessa Technologies TL 6,490,837.50

Plural_TL Pluralsight Inc TL 7,499,000.00

Plural_TL21 Pluralsight Inc TL 2,680,000.00

Point_TL Point Broadband TL 8,663,075.00

LX195374 Proofpoint Inc 2nd Lien 3,380,000.00

LX192753 RealPage Inc 2nd Lien 5,445,000.00

LX194778 Relativity TL 2,290,659.39

Resource_TL ResourcePro TL 11,064,505.00

LX208206 Risk Strategies TL 1,364,793.64

LX200468 Risk Strategies TLC 6,814,138.71

LX208206 Risk Strategies TL 663,019.02

Roadsafe_DDTL22_F Roadsafe TL 4,337,278.03

Roadsafe_TL Roadsafe TL 3,313,380.00

LX205606 Safe Fleet DDTL 6,007,320.00

Simpli_TL Simpli.fi TL 15,886,080.00

LX195984 Skillsoft Corp TLB 586,226.49

SunMed_TL SunMed TL 3,844,522.50

Supple_TL Supplemental Health Care TL 14,817,355.00

Supple_TL22 Supplemental Health Care TL 16,631,010.00

LX194587 Therapy Brands 2nd Lien 1,370,000.00

LX194584 Therapy Brands TL 1,432,485.00

LX194587 Therapy Brands 2nd Lien 577,000.00

LX194584 Therapy Brands TL 369,181.82

Tivity_TL22 Tivity Health TL 31,940,635.00

LX200350 TRC Companies 2nd Lien 7,045,000.00

LX203817 Trillium Flow Technologies TL 4,439,160.00

Trinity_DDTL Trinity Consultants DDTL 3,001,000.00

Trinity_TL Trinity Consultants TL 8,788,000.00

Triple_TL Triplelift TL 11,873,668.32

USOral_DDTL US Oral Surgery DDTL 2,176,000.00

USOral_TL US Oral Surgery TL 5,495,000.00

USSalt_TL21 US Salt TL 8,532,070.00

LX194688 USIC Holdings 2nd Lien 2,449,000.00

LX199952 Vantage Elevator Solutions 2nd Lien 14,304,000.00

Vensure_TL Vensure TL 4,760,245.02

WCD_TL West Coast Dental TL 8,397,180.00

Westwood_TL Westwood Professional Services TL 3,660,300.00

Window_TL Window Nation TL 12,776,153.85

- 2 -

SCHEDULE 6

Moodys Industry Classifications

Industry

Code Description

1 Aerospace & Defense

2 Automotive

3 Banking, Finance, Insurance & Real Estate

4 Beverage, Food & Tobacco

5 Capital Equipment

6 Chemicals, Plastics & Rubber

7 Construction & Building

8 Consumer goods: Durable

9 Consumer goods: Non-durable

10 Containers, Packaging & Glass

11 Energy: Electricity

12 Energy: Oil & Gas

13 Environmental Industries

14 Forest Products & Paper

15 Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals

16 High Tech Industries

17 Hotel, Gaming & Leisure

18 Media: Advertising, Printing & Publishing

19 Media: Broadcasting & Subscription

20 Media: Diversified & Production

21 Metals & Mining

22 Retail

23 Services: Business

24 Services: Consumer

25 Sovereign & Public Finance

26 Telecommunications

27 Transportation: Cargo

28 Transportation: Consumer

29 Utilities: Electric

30 Utilities: Oil & Gas

31 Utilities: Water

32 Wholesale

SCHEDULE 7

Ineligible Persons

None

SCHEDULE
8

Partial
PIK Portfolio Investment Notice Form

Portfolio Investment Paid PIK in Quarter ended _____? (Y/N) Coupon paid (Cash / PIK)

EXHIBIT A

Form of Request for Advance

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Administrative Agent

383 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10179

Attention: James Greenfield

Email: [***]

[***]

[***]

JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,

as Lender

c/o JPMorgan Services Inc.

500 Stanton Christiana Rd., 3rd Floor

Newark, Delaware 19713

Attention: Nicholas Rapak

cc:

U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent
and Collateral Administrator

One Federal Street, 3rd Floor

Boston, Massachusetts 02110

Attention: Global Corporate Trust FBCC Jupiter Funding, LLC

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is hereby made to the Loan and Security
Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2023 (as amended, the Agreement), among FBCC Jupiter Funding, LLC, as borrower (the
Company), JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (the Administrative Agent),
Franklin BSP Capital Adviser L.L.C.Corporation,
as portfolio manager (the Portfolio Manager), the lenders party thereto, and the collateral agent, collateral administrator
and securities intermediary party thereto. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings
given such terms in the Agreement.

Pursuant to the Agreement, you are hereby notified
of the following:

(1) The
Company hereby requests an Advance under Section 2.03 of the Agreement to be funded on [____________].

(2) The
aggregate amount of the Advance requested hereby is U.S.$[_________].2

(3)The currency of the proposed Advance is [USD] [AUD] [CAD] [EUR] [GBP].

(34)
The proposed purchases (if any) relating to this request are as follows:

Security Par Price Purchased Interest (if any)

We hereby certify that all conditions [to the Purchase
of such Portfolio Investment(s) set forth in Section 1.03 of the Agreement and] to an Advance set forth in Section 2.05 of the Agreement
have been satisfied or waived as of the [related Trade Date (and shall be satisfied or waived as of the related Settlement Date) and]
Advance date[, as applicable].

Very truly yours,

FBCC JUPITER FUNDING, LLC

By 

Name: 

Title: 

2 Note: The requested Advance shall be in an amount such that,
after giving effect thereto and the related purchase of the applicable Portfolio Investment(s) (if any), the Borrowing Base Test is satisfied.

- 2 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>bdvc-20241227.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>bdvc-20241227_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>bdvc-20241227_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.24.4

Cover

Dec. 27, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Dec. 27, 2024

Entity File Number 814-01360

Entity Registrant Name Franklin BSP Capital Corporation

Entity Central Index Key 0001825248

Entity Tax Identification Number 85-2950084

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One One Madison Avenue

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1600

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10010

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 588-6770

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period true

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.24.4 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://benefitstreetpartners.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

bdvc-20241227.xsd 
bdvc-20241227_lab.xml 
bdvc-20241227_pre.xml 
ea0226348-8k_frank.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-000574-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0226348-8k_frank_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001825248 

2024-12-27 
2024-12-27 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001825248 
8-K 
2024-12-27 
Franklin BSP Capital Corporation 
DE 
814-01360 
85-2950084 
One Madison Avenue 
Suite 1600 
New York 
NY 
10010 
212 
588-6770 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
true
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>