<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-014373.txt : 20250214
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-014373.hdr.sgml : 20250214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250214165630
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-014373
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250210
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001866226
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				871006702
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41183
		FILM NUMBER:		25630412

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4422 N. RAVENSWOOD AVE #1025
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60640
		BUSINESS PHONE:		251-280-1980

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4422 N. RAVENSWOOD AVE #1025
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60640
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0230635-8k425_welsbach.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000186622600018662262025-02-102025-02-100001866226WTMA:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneShareOfCommonStock0.0001ParValueAndOneRightToReceiveOnetenthOfOneShareOfCommonStockMember2025-02-102025-02-100001866226WTMA:CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember2025-02-102025-02-100001866226WTMA:RightsEachExchangeableIntoOnetenthOfOneShareOfCommonStockMember2025-02-102025-02-10iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 10, 2025

Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

Delaware 001-41183 87-1006702

(State or Other Jurisdiction

of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

4422 N. Ravenswood Ave #1025

Chicago, Illinois 60640

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(251) 280-1980

(Registrants Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)

N/A

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since
Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value, and one Right to receive one-tenth of one share of Common Stock WTMAU N/A

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share WTMA N/A

Rights, each exchangeable into one-tenth of one share of Common Stock WTMAR N/A

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

As previously disclosed in the Current Report
on Form 8-K as filed on November 13, 2024, on November 6, 2024 Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (WTMA),
entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement), by and among WTMA, WTMA
Merger Subsidiary LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of WTMA (Merger Sub),
and Evolution Metals LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (EM), which amended and restated that certain Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 1, 2024.

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, at the closing (the Closing) of the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the Business Combination), Merger
Sub will merge with and into EM, with EM surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of WTMA. In connection with the Closing, WTMA intends
to change its name to Evolution Metals & Technologies Corp. (such post-Closing entity is referred to as New EM).

As further disclosed in the Current Report on
Form 8-K as filed on November 13, 2024, on November 11, 2024 WTMA entered into an Amendment No. 1 to the Merger Agreement (the Amendment
No. 1) to the Merger Agreement in accordance with Section 11.11 of the Merger Agreement. The
Amendment No. 1 amended and restated certain defined terms in the Merger Agreement and the corresponding consideration schedule in the
Company Disclosure Schedule, to clarify that US NewCo will be a holder of membership interests in EM following the proposed merger that
is part of the Business Combination.

Amendment No. 2 to Merger Agreement

This section describes the material provisions
of the Amendment No. 2 (as defined below) but does not purport to describe all of the terms thereof. The following summary is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Amendment No. 2, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1. Unless otherwise
defined herein, the capitalized terms used below are defined in the Merger Agreement.

On February 10, 2025, WTMA entered into an Amendment
No. 2 to Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Amendment No. 2), by and among WTMA, Merger Sub,
and EM, which amended the Merger Agreement in accordance with Section 11.11 of the Merger Agreement.

The Amendment No. 2 amended and restated certain
recitals and defined terms in the Merger Agreement and the corresponding consideration schedule in the Company Disclosure Schedule, to
clarify the amount of Company Membership Units to be received by Korea NewCo and US NewCo in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement. Further, the Amendment No. 2 amended and restated certain provisions of the Merger Agreement such that the New
EM board of directors after the Closing will consist of six (6) directors, which shall initially
include six (6) director nominees designated by EM and reasonably acceptable to WTMA, insofar as those nominees are elected to the New
EM board of directors. Finally, the Amendment No. 2 replaced the form of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be
filed immediately following the Effective Time with the form attached as Exhibit A to the Amendment No. 2.

1

CMR Merger Agreement

This section describes the material provisions
of the CMR Merger Agreement as defined below) but does not purport to describe all of the terms thereof. The following summary is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the CMR Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1. 

On February 10, 2025, as part of the series of
transactions contemplated by the Business Combination, WTMA entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the CMR Merger Agreement),
by and among WTMA, Critical Mineral Recovery, Inc., a Missouri corporation (CMR), and the other parties thereto,
pursuant to which CMR will be merged out of existence and into a wholly owned subsidiary of WTMA.

Pursuant to the CMR Merger Agreement, the sole
shareholder of CMR shall receive (A) 22,500,000 shares of New EM common stock, (B) cash in an amount of $125,000,000 and (C) cash in an
amount up to $50,000,000 to be used to repay CMRs indebtedness.

The CMR Merger Agreement contains customary representations
and warranties by the parties. Certain of the representations are subject to specified exceptions and qualifications contained in the
CMR Merger Agreement or in information provided pursuant to certain disclosure schedules to the CMR Merger Agreement.

The closing of the CMR Merger Agreement is subject
to the closing of the other transactions that are part of the Business Combination and other customary closing conditions. The consummation
of the other transactions that are part of the Business Combination are conditioned on the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by the CMR Merger Agreement.

Ancillary Agreement Amendments

This section describes the material provisions of certain amendments
to additional agreements entered into pursuant to the Merger Agreement (the Ancillary Agreement Amendments) but does
not purport to describe all of the terms thereof. The following summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text
of each of the Ancillary Agreement Amendments, copies of each of which are attached hereto as exhibits. Stockholders and other interested
parties are urged to read such Ancillary Agreement Amendments in their entirety.

Company Equityholder Support and Lock-up Agreement

As previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K as filed
on November 13, 2024, as a condition and inducement to WTMAs willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, William David Wilcox
Jr. (the Company Equityholder) executed and delivered to WTMA a Support and Lock-up Agreement (the Company
Equityholder Support and Lock-Up Agreement), dated as of November 6, 2024, by and among the Company Equityholder, WTMA, Welsbach
Acquisition Holdings LLC (the Sponsor), and the Company Minority Equityholders. Pursuant to the Company Equityholder
Support and Lock-up Agreement, the Company Equityholder has agreed, among other things, (i) to vote in favor of the adoption and approval,
promptly following the time at which the registration statement on Form S-4 shall have been declared effective and delivered or otherwise
made available to WTMA stockholders, of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination and (ii) not to sell, transfer, convey
or assign any Subject Shares (as defined in the Company Equityholder Support and Lock-Up Agreement) until such time to be mutually agreed
by the parties hereto after the Closing Date subject to the terms and conditions of the Company Equityholder Support and Lock-up Agreement.

On February 10, 2025, the Company Equityholder executed and delivered
to WTMA an Amendment to Company Equityholder Support and Lock-up Agreement, pursuant to which the term of the lock-up period contemplated
thereby was extended to the third anniversary of the Closing.

Sponsor Support and Lock-Up Agreement

As previously disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K as filed
on November 13, 2024, as a condition and inducement to the EMs willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, the Sponsor executed
and delivered to EM an Sponsor Support and Lock-up Agreement (the Sponsor Support and Lock-up Agreement), dated as
of November 6, 2024, by and among the Sponsor, WTMA, EM and the persons set forth on Schedule I thereto. Pursuant to the Sponsor Support
and Lock-Up Agreement, the Sponsor has agreed, among other things, (i) to vote (whether pursuant to a duly convened meeting of the WTMA
stockholders or pursuant to an action by written consent of the WTMA stockholders) in favor of the adoption and approval, promptly following
the time at which the registration statement on Form S-4 shall have been declared effective and delivered or otherwise made available
to WTMA stockholders, of the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination and (ii) not to sell, transfer, convey or assign any shares
of WTMA Common Stock until such time to be mutually agreed by the parties thereto after the Closing subject to the terms and conditions
of the Sponsor Support and Lock-up Agreement.

2

On February 10, 2025, the Sponsor executed and delivered to EM an Amendment
to Sponsor Support and Lock-up Agreement, pursuant to which the term of the lock-up period contemplated thereby was extended to the third
anniversary of the Closing.

The foregoing description of the Ancillary Agreement Amendments does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Ancillary Agreement Amendments, which are
filed as Exhibit 10.2 and Exhibit 10.3 hereto, respectively, and incorporated by reference herein.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

Certain statements made in this Current Report
on Form 8-K are forward looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United
States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this Current Report on Form 8-K, the words anticipate,
believe, can, contemplate, continue, could, estimate,
expect, forecast, intend, may, might, outlook, plan,
possible, potential, predict, project, seek, should,
strive, target, will, would and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. The forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations and beliefs of the management of WTMA and EM, as applicable,
and are inherently subject to uncertainties and changes in circumstances and their potential effects and speak only as of the date of
such statement. There can be no assurance that future developments will be those that have been anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different
from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Important factors, among others, that may affect actual results or
outcomes include: WTMAs ability to complete the proposed Business Combination or, if WTMA does not consummate such Business Combination,
any other initial business combination; the risk that the consummation of the proposed Business Combination is significantly delayed;
the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the proposed Business Combination; the risk that the announcement and consummation
of proposed Business Combination disrupts EMs current plans; New EMs ability to successfully integrate the business and
operations of the target companies (the Target Companies) into its ongoing business operations and realize the intended
benefits of New EMs acquisition of the Target Companies; New EMs ability to secure sufficient funding to successfully rebuild
CMRs recycling facility with significant expansion on managements expected timeline and budget, or at all; the impact of
litigation related to the fire at CMRs recycling facility; unexpected costs related to proposed Business Combination; expectations
regarding New EMs strategies and future financial performance, including future business plans, expansion and acquisition plans
or objectives, prospective performance and opportunities and competitors, revenues, products and services, pricing, operating expenses,
product and service acceptance, market trends, liquidity, cash flows and uses of cash, capital expenditures, and New EMs ability to invest in growth initiatives;
satisfaction or waiver (if applicable) of the conditions to proposed Business Combination, including, among other things: (i) approval
of proposed Business Combination and related agreements and transactions by WTMA stockholders, the holder of the EM member units and the
holders of the equity interests of the Target Companies, (ii) effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4, (iii) receipt of
approval for listing on Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) the shares of WTMA Common Stock to be issued in connection
with proposed Business Combination, and (iv) the absence of any injunctions; that the amount of cash available in the trust account is
at least equal to the minimum available cash condition amount; the occurrence of any other event, change or other circumstances that could
give rise to the termination of proposed Business Combination; the implementation, market acceptance and success of New EMs business
model and growth strategy; the ability to obtain or maintain the listing of New EMs common stock on Nasdaq following proposed Business
Combination; limited liquidity and trading of WTMAs public securities; the amount of any redemptions by existing holders of WTMA
Common Stock being greater than expected; WTMAs ability to raise financing in the future; WTMAs success in retaining or
recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following the completion of proposed Business Combination;
WTMA officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with WTMAs business
or in approving proposed Business Combination; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income
on the trust account balance; the impact of the regulatory environment and complexities with compliance related to such environment, including
New EMs ability to meet, and continue to meet, applicable regulatory requirements; New EMs ability to execute its business
plan, including with respect to its technical development and commercialization of products, and its growth and go-to-market strategies;
New EMs ability to achieve sustained, long-term profitability and commercial success; operational risks, including with respect
to New EMs use of agents or resellers in certain jurisdictions, New EMs ability to scale up its manufacturing quantities
of its products, New EMs outsourcing of manufacturing and such manufacturers ability to satisfy New EMs manufacturing
needs on a timely basis, the availability of components or raw materials used to manufacture New EMs products and New EMs
ability to process customer order backlog; New EMs revenue deriving from a limited number of customers; geopolitical risk and changes
in applicable laws or regulations, including with respect to geopolitical risk and changes in applicable laws or regulations, including
with respect to New EMs planned operations outside of the U.S. and Korea; New EMs ability to attract and retain talented
personnel; New EMs ability to compete with companies that have significantly more resources; New EMs ability to meet certain
certification and compliance standards; New EMs ability to protect its intellectual property rights and ability to protect itself
against potential intellectual property infringement claims; the outcome of any known and unknown litigation and regulatory proceedings,
including any proceedings that may be instituted against WTMA or EM following announcement of the proposed Business Combination; the potential
characterization of New EM as an investment company subject to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; and other factors detailed
under the section entitled Risk Factors in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) on November 12, 2024, Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC
on January 24, 2025, and Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on February 10, 2025. Except to
the extent required by applicable law or regulation, WTMA and EM undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to
reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

3

Additional Information and Where to Find It

WTMA has filed with the SEC a registration statement
on Form S-4, which includes a document that serves as a proxy statement and prospectus of WTMA, referred to as a proxy statement/prospectus,
containing information about the proposed Business Combination and the respective businesses of WTMA and EM. WTMA will mail a definitive
proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents after the SEC completes its review and the registration statement is declared
effective. WTMA stockholders are urged to read the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus and any amendments thereto and, when available,
the definitive proxy statement/prospectus in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the special meeting to be held to approve
the proposed Business Combination, because these documents will contain important information about WTMA, EM, and the proposed Business
Combination. The definitive proxy statement/prospectus will be mailed to stockholders of WTMA as of a record date to be established for
voting on the proposed Business Combination. Stockholders of WTMA will also be able to obtain a free copy of the proxy statement/prospectus,
as well as other filings containing information about WTMA without charge, at the SECs website (www.sec.gov). Copies of the proxy
statement/prospectus and WTMAs other filings with the SEC can also be obtained, without charge, by directing a request to: chris@welsbach.sg.
The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, WTMAs website is not incorporated by reference in, and is not part
of, this Current Report on Form 8-K.

No Offer or Solicitation

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute
(i) a solicitation of a proxy, consent, or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the proposed Business Combination,
or (ii) an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there
be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification
under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the
requirements of the Securities Act.

Participants in the Solicitation

WTMA and EM and their respective directors and
officers or managers and other members of management and employees may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection
with the proposed Business Combination. WTMA stockholders and other interested persons may obtain, without charge, more detailed information
regarding directors and officers of WTMA in WTMAs proxy statement/prospectus.

Information regarding the persons who may, under
SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from WTMAs stockholders in connection with the proposed Business
Combination will be included in the proxy statement/prospectus that WTMA intends to file with the SEC.

4

Item 9.01 Financial
Statement and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

The following exhibits
are being filed herewith:

Exhibit No. Description

2.1 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and among Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp., WTMA Merger Subsidiary LLC, and Evolution Metals LLC.

10.1 Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 10, 2025, by and among Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp., Evolution Metals
Merger Sub 3, Inc., Critical Mineral Recovery, Inc., and NiCo Metals Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to
WTMAs Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on February 10 , 2025 (Registration No.
333-283119)).

10.2 Amendment
to Company Equityholder Support and Lock-up Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and among Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition
Corp., Evolution Metals LLC, Welsbach Acquisition Holdings LLC and the person set forth on Schedule I thereto (incorporated by
reference to Annex E-1 to the proxy statement/prospectus included in WTMAs Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement
on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on February 10, 2025 (Registration No. 333-283119)).

10.3 Amendment
to Sponsor Support and Lock-up Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and among Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.,
Evolution Metals LLC, Welsbach Acquisition Holdings LLC and the persons set forth on Schedule I thereto (incorporated by reference
to Annex D-1 to the proxy statement/prospectus included in WTMAs Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form
S-4 filed with the SEC on February 10, 2025 (Registration No. 333-283119)).

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have
been omitted in accordance with Instruction 4 to Item 1.01 of Form 8-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits
and schedules to the SEC upon its request

5

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto
duly authorized.

Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.

Dated: February 14, 2025 By: /s/ Christopher Clower

Christopher Clower

Chief Operating Officer and Director

6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023063501ex2-1_welsbach.htm
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 10, 2025, BY AND AMONG WELSBACH TECHNOLOGY METALS ACQUISITION CORP., WTMA MERGER SUBSIDIARY LLC, AND EVOLUTION METALS LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 2.1

Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Agreement
and Plan of Merger

Dated as of February 10, 2025

This Amendment No. 2 to Amended
and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger (this Amendment) is made and entered into as of the date first set forth above
(the Amendment Date) by and among (i) Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (Acquiror),
(ii) WTMA Merger Subsidiary LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Acquiror (Merger
Sub) and (iii) Evolution Metals LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company). Acquiror, Merger Sub and
the Company may be referred to herein individually as a Party and, collectively, as the Parties.

WHEREAS the Parties are all
of the parties to that certain Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of November 6, 2024, as amended by Amendment
No. 1 to Amended and Restated Plan of Merger, dated November 11, 2024 (as may be further amended, modified or supplemented, the Merger
Agreement); and

WHEREAS, the Parties now desire
to amend the Merger Agreement and, pursuant to the provisions of Section 11.11 of the Merger Agreement, the Merger Agreement may be amended
by the Parties in writing.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual agreements contained herein and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not defined
herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Merger Agreement.

2. Amendment. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 11.11
of the Merger Agreement, the Merger Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

(a) The nineteenth recital of the Merger Agreement is hereby amended
and restated in its entirety to provide as follows:

WHEREAS, in the fourth step of
the Precedent Transactions, the Company intends to cause Korea NewCo to distribute the Capital Contribution to the Company in exchange
for 16,172 Company Membership Units;

(b) The twenty-second recital of the Merger Agreement is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety to provide as follows:

WHEREAS, in the sixth step of the Precedent Transactions,
the Company Equityholder intends to form a wholly owned subsidiary and Delaware corporation (US NewCo), and immediately
thereafter contribute 12,500 of Company Membership Units in exchange for 100 shares of common stock of US NewCo;

(c) The following definitions are added as new defined terms to
Section 1.1 of the Merger Agreement:

(d) The definition of Company Minority Equityholders
in Section 1.1 of the Merger Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to provide as follows:

Company Minority Equityholders
means (i) Springrock Management Inc., a Nevada corporation, Jon Brown, Wendy Brown, Harry Evans, Tom Stoddard, Nicole Garcia, Vinesh Vasnani,
Todd Brown, Lois Brown, Jim Paschke, Laveen Vasnani and Segal Family 2021 Irrevocable Trust; (ii) subsequent to step 5-A of the Precedent
Transactions (as described in the Recitals hereto), the Korean Equityholders; and (iii) subsequent to Step 6 of the Precedent Transactions
(as described in the Recitals hereto), US NewCo;

(e) The Company Disclosure Letter is hereby amended and restated
in its entirety in the form delivered between the parties hereto on the Amendment Date.

(f) A new Section 2.4(a)(vi) is added as follows:

to the Acquiror, a certificate in compliance
with Treasury Regulations Section 1.1445-11T certifying that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with respect to the Korean
Equityholders who are not a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code are exempt from withholding
under Section 1445 of the Code.

(g) Section 7.5 of the Merger Agreement is hereby amended and
restated in its entirety to provide as follows:

(a) the Board of Directors
of Acquiror shall consist of six (6) directors, which shall initially include six (6) director nominees designated by the Company and
reasonably acceptable to Acquiror, insofar as those nominees are elected to the Board of Directors; and

(b) Insofar as the Companys
nominees are elected to the Board of Directors: (i) the class of directors serving in the term expiring on the first annual meeting of
the stockholders of Acquiror falling after the Closing Date shall consist of Mark P. Matthews and Thomas Stoddard; (ii) the class of directors
serving in the term expiring on the second annual meeting of the stockholders of Acquiror falling after the Closing Date shall consist
of Christopher C. Miller and Ambassador Robin S. Bernstein (Ret.); and (iii) the class of directors serving in the term expiring on the
third annual meeting of the stockholders of Acquiror falling after the Closing Date shall consist of Chris Hansen and David Wilcox; and

(c) the initial officers
of Acquiror shall be the persons as set forth in Section 2.6, who shall serve in such capacity in accordance with the terms of Acquirors
Governing Documents following the Effective Time.

(h) Section 9.2(b) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety
as follows:

Each of the covenants of the Company
to be performed as of or prior to the Closing shall have been performed in all material respects (except the covenant set forth in Section
2.4(a)(vi)); provided, that for purposes of this Section 9.2(b), a covenant of the Company shall only be deemed to have not been
performed if the Company has materially breached such material covenant and failed to cure within ten (10) days after notice (or if earlier,
the Agreement End Date).

(i) Exhibit B of the Merger Agreement is hereby replaced with
Exhibit A attached hereto.

3. Effect of Amendment; Full Force and Effect. This Amendment
shall form a part of the Merger Agreement for all purposes, and each Party shall be bound hereby and this Amendment and the Merger Agreement
shall be read and interpreted as one combined instrument. From and after the Amendment Date, each reference in the Merger Agreement to
this Agreement, hereof, hereunder, herein, hereby or words of like
import referring to the Merger Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Merger Agreement as amended by this Amendment. Except as
herein expressly amended or otherwise provided herein, each and every term, condition, warranty and provision of the Merger Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect, and such are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved by the Parties.

4. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by,
and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles or rules of conflict of Laws
to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of Laws of another jurisdiction, in each case as in effect
from time to time and as the same may be amended from time to time, and as applied to agreements performed wholly within the State of
Delaware.

5. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in one
or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by electronic means, including DocuSign, Adobe Sign or other
similar e-signature services, e-mail or scanned pages shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart to this Amendment.

[Signature Pages Follow]

2

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of
the Parties has caused this Amendment to be duly executed on its behalf as of the Amendment Date.

Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.

By: /s/ Christopher Clower

Name: Christopher Clower

Title: Chief Operating Officer

WTMA Merger Subsidiary LLC

By: Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.

Its: Manager

Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.

By: /s/ Christopher Clower

Name: Christopher Clower

Title: Authorized Signatory

Evolution Metals LLC

By: /s/ David Wilcox 

Name: David Wilcox

Title: Managing Member

Exhibit A

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation

(Attached)

Third Amended
and Restated

Certificate of Incorporation

Of

Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.

Pursuant to Section 242 and 245 of the

Delaware General Corporation Law

Welsbach Technology Metals
Acquisition Corp., a corporation existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, by its Chief Executive Officer, hereby certifies as
follows:

1. The name of the corporation is Welsbach Technology Metals
Acquisition Corp. (the Corporation).

2. The Corporations Certificate of Incorporation was
filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 27, 2021 (the Original Certificate).

3. A Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation
was filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 11, 2021 to amend the Original Certificate.

4. An Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was
filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 20, 2021 to amend and restate the Original Certificate,
as amended (the First A&R Certificate).

5. An Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was
filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 27, 2021 to amend and restate the First A&R Certificate
(the Second A&R Certificate).

6. A Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation
was filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 24, 2023 to amend the Second A&R Certificate.

7. A Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation
was filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on September 29, 2023 to amend the Second A&R Certificate.

8. A Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation
was filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 28, 2024 to amend the Second A&R Certificate.

9. The Second A&R Certificate, as amended to date, is referred
to herein as the Current Certificate.

10. This Third Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation
restates, integrates and amends the Current Certificate as set forth herein.

11. This Third Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation
was duly adopted by the written consent of the directors and by the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with the applicable
provisions of Sections 141(f), 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (GCL).

12. The text of the Current Certificate is hereby amended and
restated to read in full as follows:

Article I. Name

The name of the corporation is Evolution Metals
& Technologies Corp. (the Corporation).

Article II. Registered
Office

The registered office of the Corporation in the
State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, 19808. The name of its
registered agent at that address is Corporation Service Company.

Article III. Purpose

The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in
any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the GCL.

A-1

Article IV. Capital
Stock

Section 4.01 Authorized
Capital Stock. The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock, each with a par value of $0.0001 per share, which the Corporation
is authorized to issue is 1,501,000,000 shares, consisting of (a) 1,500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the
Common Stock), and (b) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock).

Section 4.02 Preferred
Stock. The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board) is hereby expressly authorized to provide out of the unissued
shares of the Preferred Stock for one or more series of Preferred Stock and to establish from time to time the number of shares to be
included in each such series and to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional,
special and other rights, if any, of each such series and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, as shall be stated
in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board providing for the issuance of such series and included in a certificate of designation
(a Preferred Stock Designation) filed pursuant to the GCL, and the Board is hereby expressly vested with the authority to
the full extent provided by law, now or hereafter, to adopt any such resolution or resolutions. The authority of the Board with respect
to each such series of Preferred Stock will include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the determination of any or all
of the following:

(a) The number of shares of any series and the designation to
distinguish the shares of such series from the shares of all other series;

(b) the voting powers, if any, of the shares of such series and
whether such voting powers are full or limited;

(c) the redemption provisions, if any, applicable to such series,
including the redemption price or prices to be paid;

(d) whether dividends, if any, will be cumulative or noncumulative,
the dividend rate or rates of such series and the dates and preferences of dividends on such series;

(e) the rights of such series upon the voluntary or involuntary
dissolution of, or upon any distribution of the assets of, the Corporation;

(f) the provisions, if any, pursuant to which the shares of such
series are convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or classes or of any other series of the same or any other
class or classes of stock, or any other security, of the Corporation or any other corporation or other entity, and the rates or other
determinants of conversion or exchange applicable thereto;

(g) the right, if any, to subscribe for or to purchase any securities
of the Corporation or any other corporation or other entity;

(h) the provisions, if any, of a sinking fund applicable to such
series; and

(i) any other relative, participating, optional or other powers,
preferences or rights, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of such series.

Section 4.03 Common
Stock.

(a) Voting.

(i) Except as otherwise required by law or this Certificate of
Incorporation, the holders of the Common Stock shall exclusively possess all voting power with respect to the Corporation.

(ii) Except as otherwise required by law or this Certificate of
Incorporation, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on each matter properly submitted
to the stockholders on which the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to vote.

(iii) Except as otherwise required by law or this Certificate of
Incorporation, at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, holders of Common Stock shall have the exclusive
right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders.

A-2

(iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required
by law or this Certificate of Incorporation, holders of shares of any Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to
this Certificate of Incorporation (including any amendment to any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms of one
or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series of Preferred Stock are entitled exclusively, either
separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation
or the GCL.

(v) The number of authorized shares of the Common Stock or Preferred
Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority in voting power of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2)
of the GCL (or any successor provision thereto), and no vote of the holders of any of the Common Stock or the Preferred Stock voting
separately as a class shall be required therefor, unless a vote of any such holder is required pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation.

(b) Dividends. Subject to applicable law, the rights,
if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive
such dividends and other distributions (payable in cash, property or capital stock of the Corporation) when, as and if declared thereon
by the Board from time to time out of any assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor and shall share equally on a
per share basis in such dividends and distributions.

(c) Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up of the Corporation.
Subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, in the event of any voluntary
or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other
liabilities of the Corporation, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all the remaining assets of the Corporation
available for distribution to its stockholders, ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them.

(d) Other Rights. Except as otherwise required by the
GCL and as may otherwise be provided in this Certificate of Incorporation, each share of the Common Stock shall have identical powers,
preferences and rights, including rights in liquidation.

Section 4.04 Rights
and Options. The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to acquire
from the Corporation any shares of its capital stock of any class or classes, with such rights, warrants and options to be evidenced by
or in instrument(s) approved by the Board. The Board is empowered to set the exercise price, duration, times for exercise and other terms
and conditions of such rights, warrants or options; provided, however, that the consideration to be received for any shares of capital
stock issuable upon exercise thereof may not be less than the par value thereof.

Section 4.05 Cumulative
Voting. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, there shall be no cumulative voting on any matter brought to a vote of stockholders
of the Corporation.

Article V. Management
and Operations of the Corporation

Section 5.01 General.
The following provisions of this Article V are inserted for the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation,
and for further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Corporation and of its directors and stockholders.

Section 5.02 Election
and Service of Directors.

(a) Election of directors need not be by ballot unless the bylaws
of the Corporation so provide.

(b) Subject to Section 5.02(e), a director shall hold office
until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified,
subject, however, to such directors earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal.

(c) Unless and except to the extent that the bylaws shall so
require, the election of directors need not be by written ballot. The holders of shares of Common Stock shall not have cumulative voting
rights with regard to election of directors.

A-3

(d) Subject to Section 5.02(e), newly created directorships resulting
from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification,
removal or other cause may be filled solely and exclusively by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office, even if less
than a quorum or by a sole remaining director (and not by stockholders), and any director so chosen shall hold office for the remainder
of the full term of the class of directors to which the new directorship was added or in which the vacancy occurred and until his or
her successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such directors earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification
or removal.

(e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article V,
and except as otherwise required by law, whenever the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock shall have the right,
voting separately by class or series, to elect one or more directors, the term of office, the filling of vacancies, the removal from
office and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms of such series of the Preferred Stock as set forth in
this Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) and such directors shall not be included in any of the
classes created pursuant to this Article V unless expressly provided by such terms.

(f) A quorum for the transaction of business by the directors
shall be set forth in the bylaws.

Section 5.03 Bylaws.
The Board shall have the power, without the assent or vote of the stockholders, to make, alter, amend, change, add to or repeal the bylaws
of the Corporation as provided in the bylaws of the Corporation.

Section 5.04 Submission
to Stockholders. The Board in its discretion may submit any contract or act for approval or ratification at any annual meeting of
the stockholders or at any meeting of the stockholders called for the purpose of considering any such act or contract, and any contract
or act that shall be approved or be ratified by the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Corporation which is represented
in person or by proxy at such meeting and entitled to vote thereat (provided that a lawful quorum of stockholders be there represented
in person or by proxy) shall be as valid and binding upon the Corporation and upon all the stockholders as though it had been approved
or ratified by every stockholder of the Corporation, whether or not the contract or act would otherwise be open to legal attack because
of directors interests, or for any other reason.

Section 5.05 Reservation
of Powers. In addition to the powers and authorities hereinbefore or by statute expressly conferred upon them, the directors are hereby
empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation; subject, nevertheless,
to the provisions of the statutes of Delaware, of this Certificate of Incorporation, and to any bylaws from time to time made by the stockholders;
provided, however, that no bylaw so made shall invalidate any prior act of the directors which would have been valid if such bylaw had
not been made.

Section 5.06 Removal
of Directors. Any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote
of holders of more than 60% of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally
in the election of directors, voting together as a single class.

Article VI. Liability;
Indemnification

Section 6.01 Liability
of Directors. A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages
for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the directors duty of loyalty to the Corporation
or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law,
(iii) under Section 174 of the GCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If the GCL
is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a
director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the GCL, as so amended. Any repeal or modification
of this Section 6.01 by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation
with respect to events occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification.

A-4

Section 6.02 Indemnification.
The Corporation, to the full extent permitted by Section 145 of the GCL, as amended from time to time, shall indemnify all persons whom
it may indemnify pursuant thereto. Expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil,
criminal, administrative, or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which such officer or director may be entitled to indemnification
hereunder shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking
by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified
by the Corporation as authorized hereby.

Section 6.03 Limitations.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article VI, no indemnification nor advancement of expenses will extend to any claims
made by the Corporations officers and directors to cover any loss that such individuals may sustain as a result of such individuals
agreement to pay debts and obligations to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by the Corporation for services
rendered or contracted for or products sold to the Corporation, as described in the Registration Statement.

Article VII. Jurisdictional
Provisions

Section 7.01 Forum
Selection. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action
or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director,
officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporations stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a
claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the GCL or this Certificate of
Incorporation or the bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed
by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above, (a) any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines
that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent
to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive
jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction,
and (b) any action or claim arising under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the
Exchange Act) or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the Securities
Act) for which, unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted
by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any
complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

Section 7.02 Foreign
Actions. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of Section 7.01 is filed in a court other than a court located
within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action) in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have
consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any
action brought in any such court to enforce Section 7.01 (an FSC Enforcement Action) and (ii) having service of process
made upon such stockholder in any such FSC Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholders counsel in the Foreign Action as
agent for such stockholder.

Section 7.03 Applicability.
If any provision or provisions of this Article VII shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person or entity
or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality and enforceability of
such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article VII (including, without limitation, each portion
of any sentence of this Article VII containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held
to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not
in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock
of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article VII.

Article VIII. Dissolution
Provisions.

Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed
between this Corporation and its creditors or any class of them and/or between this Corporation and its stockholders or any class of them,
any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the application in a summary way of this Corporation or of any
creditor or stockholder thereof or on the application of any receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under Section 291 of
Title 8 of the Delaware Code or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation
under Section 279 of Title 8 of the Delaware Code order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or
class of stockholders of this Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said court directs. If a majority
in number representing three fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders
of this Corporation, as the case may be, agree to any compromise or arrangement and to any reorganization of this Corporation as a consequence
of such compromise or arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to
which the said application has been made, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on all the stockholders or class
of stockholders, of this Corporation, as the case may be, and also on this Corporation.

A-5

Article IX. Amendments

The affirmative vote of the holders of at least
two-thirds (66 and 23%) of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of voting stock entitled to vote shall be required
to amend any of the provisions of Section 4.03, Section 5.03, Section 5.06, Article VI, Article VII or this Article IX.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused
this Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by Daniel Mamadou, its Chief Executive Officer, as of the [____]
day of [_________], 2025.

By: 

Name: Daniel Mamadou

Title: Chief Executive Officer

A-6
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>wtma-20250210.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>wtma-20250210_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>wtma-20250210_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value, and one Right to receive one-tenth of one share of Common Stock 

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 

Rights, each exchangeable into one-tenth of one share of Common Stock 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>wtma-20250210_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 10, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 10, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41183

Entity Registrant Name Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.

Entity Central Index Key 0001866226

Entity Tax Identification Number 87-1006702

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 4422 N. Ravenswood Ave #1025

Entity Address, City or Town Chicago

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60640

City Area Code 251

Local Phone Number 280-1980

Written Communications true

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value, and one Right to receive one-tenth of one share of Common Stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value, and one Right to receive one-tenth of one share of Common Stock

Trading Symbol WTMAU

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

Trading Symbol WTMA

Rights, each exchangeable into one-tenth of one share of Common Stock 

Title of 12(b) Security Rights, each exchangeable into one-tenth of one share of Common Stock

Trading Symbol WTMAR

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=WTMA_UnitsEachConsistingOfOneShareOfCommonStock0.0001ParValueAndOneRightToReceiveOnetenthOfOneShareOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=WTMA_CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=WTMA_RightsEachExchangeableIntoOnetenthOfOneShareOfCommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
4 
22 
1 
false 
3 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://wtmau.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0230635-8k425_welsbach.htm 
wtma-20250210.xsd 
wtma-20250210_def.xml 
wtma-20250210_lab.xml 
wtma-20250210_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-014373-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>ea0230635-8k425_welsbach_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001866226 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0001866226 

WTMA:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneShareOfCommonStock0.0001ParValueAndOneRightToReceiveOnetenthOfOneShareOfCommonStockMember 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0001866226 

WTMA:CommonStock0.0001ParValuePerShareMember 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

0001866226 

WTMA:RightsEachExchangeableIntoOnetenthOfOneShareOfCommonStockMember 

2025-02-10 
2025-02-10 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001866226 
8-K 
2025-02-10 
Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp. 
DE 
001-41183 
87-1006702 
4422 N. Ravenswood Ave #1025 
Chicago 
IL 
60640 
251 
280-1980 
true 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock, $0.0001 par value, and one Right to receive one-tenth of one share of Common Stock 
WTMAU 
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share 
WTMA 
Rights, each exchangeable into one-tenth of one share of Common Stock 
WTMAR 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>