<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001171843-25-001608.txt : 20250321
<SEC-HEADER>0001171843-25-001608.hdr.sgml : 20250321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250320192928
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-25-001608
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250317
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001098146
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				061559137
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-29599
		FILM NUMBER:		25758167

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		900 BEDFORD ST
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2033247500
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>f8k_032025.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000109814600010981462025-03-172025-03-17iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

_________________

FORM 8-K

_________________

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 17, 2025

PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Connecticut 000-29599 06-1559137

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

900 Bedford Street

Stamford, Connecticut06901

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

(203)252-5900

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy
the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share PNBK 

NASDAQ Global Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule
405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use
the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a)
of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

Securities Purchase Agreements

On March 20, 2025, Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. (the
Company) entered into (i) securities purchase agreements (the Co-Lead Investors Agreements) with its President
and director, Steven Sugarman (the Lead Party), and three co-lead investors (the Co-Lead Investors), and (ii)
securities purchase agreements (the Purchasers Agreements, and together with the Co-Lead Investors Agreements, the Securities
Purchase Agreements) with other accredited investors (collectively, and together with the Co-Lead Investors and the Lead Party,
the Purchasers).

Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements, the
Company intends to issue to the Purchasers, at closing: (i) shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common
Stock), at a purchase price of $0.75 per share, and (ii) shares of a new series of the Companys preferred stock, no par
value per share, designated as Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock),
at a purchase price of $60 per share, to raise, in the aggregate, a minimum of $50,000,000 (the Private Placement).

The closing of the Private Placement contemplated by
the Securities Purchase Agreements is scheduled to occur on or prior to March 27, 2025, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain
customary conditions. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the Private Placement to invest additional capital into Patriot
Bank, N.A., the Companys wholly owned banking subsidiary (the Bank), and for general corporate purposes.

The Securities Purchase Agreements contain customary
representations and warranties of each of the parties. In addition, the Securities Purchase Agreements include various covenants and agreements,
including, among others, covenants and agreements that relate to the following:

(i) transfer restrictions on the Purchasers;

(ii) limitation on each Purchasers beneficial ownership, such that no Purchaser (and its affiliates
or any other persons with which it is acting in concert) will be entitled to purchase a number of shares of Common Stock that would result
in such Purchaser becoming, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner (as determined under Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) at the closing of more than 9.99% of the number of shares of the Companys
voting securities issued and outstanding;

(iii) the Companys obligation to indemnify Purchasers for, among other things, any losses or liabilities
they may suffer as a result of any material breach of any of the representations, warranties or covenants contained in the applicable
Securities Purchase Agreement or in other transaction documents by the Company;

(iv) the Companys obligation to hold a shareholders meeting to approve, among other matters:
(x) the amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation),
which will authorize the issuance of (x) up to 2,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 200,000,000 shares of Common Stock will
be designated as non-voting Common Stock, 1,800,000,000 shares will be designated as voting Common Stock, and (y) 200,000,000 shares will
be designated as preferred stock, without par value, which will contain such rights, privileges and designations as the Companys
Board of Directors (the Board) may from time to time designate, of which the Board will designate such number of shares
as necessary as non-voting non-cumulative perpetual convertible preferred stock with a liquidation value of $9.00 per share and which
will be convertible into non-voting Common Stock and/or voting Common Stock, as applicable, at a per share conversion price of $0.75 per
share, subject to adjustment as provided in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; and (y) the 2025 Omnibus Equity Incentive
Plan (the Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan) to provide equity-based incentives to directors, officers, employees and consultants
of the Company;

(v) the Companys obligation, on or prior to the closing, to enter into an employment agreement with
Steven Sugarman, as President of the Company, and to adopt the Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan to be effective upon the shareholder approval
of such plan at the shareholders meeting; and

(vi) the Companys obligation, effective as of the date that the Company shall have filed the Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Connecticut to provide for the automatic conversion
of each issued and outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock into 80 shares of non-voting Common Stock, without any further action
on the part of any holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, with shares of non-voting Common Stock issued upon the conversion of
Series A Preferred Stock being convertible into shares of voting Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation under certain circumstances.

The representations, warranties and covenants of each
party set forth in the Securities Purchase Agreements have been made only for purposes of, and were and are solely for the benefit of
the parties to such agreements, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties, including being qualified by confidential
disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties instead of establishing these matters as facts, and
may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties that differ from those applicable to investors. Accordingly,
the representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs at the date they were made or at any other time, and investors
should not rely on them as statements of fact. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties
may change after the date of the agreements, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the parties public
disclosures. Accordingly, the Securities Purchase Agreements are included with this filing only to provide investors with information
regarding the terms of such agreements, and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding the parties, their respective
affiliates or their respective businesses.

Preemptive Rights and Subsequent Financing

Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreements,
if during five years after the date of the Securities Purchase Agreements, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries proposes to offer or
sell (the Offering) any securities (any such security, a New Security) (other than (i) any Common Stock, non-voting
Common Stock or other securities issuable upon the exercise or conversion of any securities of the Company issued or agreed or contemplated
to be issued as of the date of the Securities Purchase Agreements; (ii) equity grants awarded, or securities issued, pursuant to the Companys
2020 Restricted Stock Award Plan, as amended, and the Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan or as an inducement award to a new employee, as applicable;
or (iii) issuances of capital stock as full or partial consideration for a merger, acquisition, joint venture, strategic alliance, license
agreement or other similar non-financing transaction), then the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to offer to each Purchaser
listed in Schedule II to the Securities Purchase Agreements the right to participate in the Offering on the same terms as such
securities are proposed to be offered to others less the amount paid to any investment banker, broker, broker-dealer, finder, or placement
agent. To the extent the Offering of the New Security is over-subscribed, each Purchaser will have a preferential right to subscribe for
the amount of New Securities required to enable it to maintain its proportionate Common Stock equivalent interest in the Company (or its
Subsidiaries) immediately prior to any such issuance of the New Securities; provided, however, that no such Purchaser will
have the right to purchase the New Securities to the extent (i) such purchase would result in such Purchaser, together with any other
person whose Company securities would be aggregated with such Purchasers Company securities for purposes of any bank regulation
or law, collectively being deemed to own, control or have the power to vote securities which (assuming, for this purpose only, full conversion
and/or exercise of such securities by such Purchaser) would represent more than 9.99% (or following the applicable bank regulatory approvals,
24.9% with respect to applicable Co-Lead Investor(s)) of the voting securities or more than 33.3% of the Companys total equity
outstanding, or (ii) such right would result in such Purchaser being deemed to control, under applicable banking rules and regulations,
voting securities that would result in such Purchaser being deemed to control the Company or the Bank. A majority of the directors of
the Board may waive these preemptive provisions (in whole or in part) or reduce a Purchasers allocation in an Offering if the Board
determines that the Company must issue equity or debt securities on an expedited basis, that there are strategic reasons to conduct an
Offering or include an investor in the Offering who is not a Purchaser, or the compliance with the preemptive provisions (in whole or
in part) would negatively impact the timing, terms, size, or value of the Offering or otherwise harm the Company.

In addition, until December 31, 2026, in the event
that any Offering of Common Stock or other equity-based securities (other than such offerings described in (i) through (iii) in a preceding
paragraph) (a Subsequent Financing) is on terms that are more favorable than the terms and conditions, including, without
limitation, the purchase price, applicable to the securities purchased in the Private Placement, then the Company will promptly notify
the Purchasers in writing (the MFN Notice) and offer the Purchasers the right of first refusal to fund the entirety of the
Subsequent Financing on the terms and conditions provided in the MFN Notice, subject to the ownership restrictions set forth in the preceding
paragraph. The MFN Notice will include (i) the material terms and conditions of the Subsequent Financing; (ii) copies of any draft definitive
agreements, term sheets, or related documentation for the Subsequent Financing; and (iii) the anticipated closing date of the Subsequent
Financing.

Corporate Opportunities and Board Representative and Observer Rights

Pursuant to the Co-Lead Investors Agreements, any Co-Lead
Investor and its affiliates and related investment funds may review the business plans and related proprietary information of any enterprise,
including enterprises that may have products or services that compete directly or indirectly with those of the Company and its subsidiaries,
and may trade in the securities of such enterprise in compliance with applicable securities laws, and none of the Co-Lead Investors, any
affiliates thereof, any related investments funds or any of their respective affiliates will be precluded or restricted from investing
or participating in any particular enterprise, or trading in the securities thereof whether or not such enterprise has products or services
that compete with those of the Company and its subsidiaries.

The parties agreed that the Co-Lead Investors, any
affiliates thereof, any related investment funds, and any of their respective affiliates have the right to, directly or indirectly, engage
in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company and its subsidiaries; and, in the event that any Co-Lead
Investor, any affiliate of any Co-Lead Investor, any related investment funds or any of their respective affiliates acquires knowledge
of a potential transaction or matter that may be a corporate opportunity for the Company or any of its subsidiaries, such corporate opportunity
does not need to be communicated or presented to the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

In connection with their investment in the Company,
each Co-Lead Investor who, together with its affiliates (collectively, a Designating Purchaser) holds, in the aggregate,
shares of Common Stock equal to at least 4.9% of shares of Common Stock then outstanding (the Minimum Ownership Interest)
has the right to designate one director for election or appointment to the Board (each, a Board Representative). Following
the closing and subject to satisfactory completion of the Boards due diligence and the satisfaction of all legal and regulatory
requirements regarding service and election as a director of the Company, the Company will promptly cause such Board Representatives to
be elected or appointed to the Board; provided that the right of each Designating Purchaser to designate a Board Representative will continue
only so long as such Designating Purchaser continues to hold the Minimum Ownership Interest.

In addition, each Designating Purchaser shall have
the right to designate a Board Representative for the Board of Directors of the Bank (the Bank Board) for three years following
the closing, and the Company will cause such Board Representative to be elected or appointed to the Bank Board, subject to satisfactory
completion of the Boards due diligence and the satisfaction of all legal and regulatory requirements regarding service and election
or appointment of such Board Representative as a director of the Bank Board.

If the Board Representative designated by a Co-Lead
Investor is not elected or appointed to the Board at the next annual or special meeting of shareholders of the Company held after the
closing, then such Co-Lead Investor will have the right to appoint one non-voting observer to attend all Board meetings, receive materials
provided to the Board and participate in Board discussions, subject to such observer entering into a customary confidentiality agreement
with the Company; provided, however, that such non-voting observer will be excluded from Board meetings and discussions in which confidential
supervisory information is discussed and will not receive Board materials that would disclose confidential supervisory information.

Certificate of Amendment

The preferences, limitations, powers and relative rights
of the Series A Preferred Stock are set forth in the Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the
Certificate of Amendment). The Company has previously reported that, on March 13, 2025, the Company filed the Certificate
of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Connecticut. The Certificate of Amendment designates 500,000 shares of Series
A Preferred Stock.

As specified in the Certificate of Amendment, the Series
A Preferred Stock have the following terms:

Dividends: Holders of shares of issued and outstanding
Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board out of funds of the Company legally available
therefor, non-cumulative dividends in arrears at the rate per annum of 10% per share, payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 beginning
on October 1, 2026. Dividends will be payable, at the option of the Company, in cash or in kind through the issuance of additional shares
of Series A Preferred Stock, provided, that if the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are converted into shares of Common Stock in full
on or prior to October 1, 2026, then the holder of such share of Series A Preferred Stock will not have any right to receive any dividends
on the Series A Preferred Stock.

Conversion: Each holder of Series A Preferred
Stock will be permitted to convert, or upon the written request of the Company shall convert, each share of Series A Preferred Stock into
80 shares of Common Stock up to the Maximum Voting Securities (as defined below), and, upon such conversion, no holder, together with
all of its affiliates, will own or control in the aggregate more than the Maximum Voting Securities. In addition, each share of Series
A Preferred Stock will automatically convert into the applicable number of shares of Common Stock, without any further action on the part
of any holder, on the date such holder transfers any shares of Series A Preferred Stock to a non-affiliate of such holder in a Permissible
Transfer (as defined below).

Maximum Voting Securities mean, in connection
with any one or more conversions of Series A Preferred Stock by any holder, without prior receipt of applicable banking regulatory approvals,
not more than 9.99% of the Common Stock (or of any other class of voting securities issued by the Company), excluding for the purpose
of this calculation any reduction in ownership resulting from transfers by such holder of voting securities of the Company (which, for
the avoidance of doubt, does not include Series A Preferred Stock), provided that any right to convert will not be available if it would
result in the holder being deemed to control, under appliable banking rules and regulations, voting securities that would result in the
holder being deemed to control the Company or the Bank, and provided further that the right to convert Series A Preferred Stock into Common
Stock will not be available to a transferee of shares of Series A Preferred Stock with respect to a transfer other than a Permissible
Transfer.

Permissible Transfer means a transfer
by the holder of Series A Preferred Stock (i) to the Company; (ii) in a widely distributed public offering of Common Stock or Series A
Preferred Stock; (iii) that is part of an offering that is not a widely distributed public offering of Common Stock or Series A Preferred
Stock but is one in which no one transferee (or group of associated transferees) acquires the right to receive 2% or more of any class
of the voting securities of the Company then outstanding; (iv) that is part of a transfer of Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock
to an underwriter for the purpose of conducting a widely distributed public offering; or (v) to a transferee that controls more than fifty
percent (50%) of the voting securities of the Company without giving effect to such transfer.

Voting: Holders of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock will not have any voting rights, except as set forth below or as may otherwise from time to time be required by law. Holders of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote for each such share on any matter on which Holders of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, including any action by written consent.

So long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock are
outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent of shareholders required by law or by the Companys Certificate of Incorporation,
the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock
at the time outstanding, voting as a separate class will be necessary to:

(i) authorize or create or increase the authorized amount of, or any issuance of, any shares of, or any securities
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of, any class or series of capital stock of the Company ranking senior to the
Series A Preferred Stock with respect to either or both the payment of dividends and/or the distribution of assets on any liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company;

(ii) amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, including the
Certificate of Amendment (including, unless no vote on such merger or consolidation is required by clause (iii) below, any amendment,
alteration or repeal by means of a merger, consolidation or otherwise) so as to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or
voting powers of shares of Series A Preferred Stock; or

(iii) to consummate a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the shares of Series A Preferred
Stock, or of a merger or consolidation of the Company with another corporation or other entity, unless in each case (x) the shares of
Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which the Company is not
the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its
ultimate parent, and (y) such shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences,
privileges and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions thereof, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the
holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions thereof, of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock immediately prior to such consummation, taken as a whole.

Redemption: Series A Preferred Stock will have
perpetual term and have no fixed maturity date unless converted in accordance with the terms set forth in the Certificate of Amendment
and discussed above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may repurchase or otherwise acquire shares of Series A Preferred Stock
in voluntary transactions with the holders thereof, subject to compliance with any applicable legal or regulatory requirements, including
applicable regulatory capital requirements. In addition, issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock may be redeemed by
the Company, from time to time, on or after the fifth anniversary of the closing date, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal
to $60 per share of Series A Preferred Stock, plus the amount of declared and unpaid dividends, if any, without interest on such unpaid
dividends.

Registration Rights Agreement

In connection with the closing of the Private Placement,
the Company and the Purchasers will enter into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement), under
which the Company will be obligated to file a registration statement (and subsequent additional registration statements, as required)
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) to register for resale the shares of Common Stock to be issued in
the Private Placement and the underlying shares of Common Stock into which the Series A Preferred Stock and non-voting Common Stock may
be converted, as applicable. The Registration Rights Agreement will obligate the Company to use its reasonable best efforts to file such
initial registration statement no later than the sixtieth (60th) day following the closing of the Private Placement and to
cause such registration statement or any subsequent additional registration statement to be declared effective by the SEC no later than
the ninetieth (90th) day after the filing of such registration statement.

Financial Viability Exception under Nasdaq Listing Rules

The Company has previously reported that it had requested
and received from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department an exception from the Nasdaq shareholder approval rules pursuant to the
financial viability exception set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(f).

2025 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan

The Companys Board of Directors approved the
2025 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) to be effective at the closing of the Private Placement, subject to and contingent
upon the approval of the Companys shareholders. The purpose of the Plan is to give the Company a competitive advantage in attracting,
retaining and motivating officers, employees, directors and consultants by providing incentives directly linked to shareholder value.
The Plan will be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board. The types of awards (the Awards) issuable pursuant
to the Plan are Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units, or Other Stock-Based
Awards, as such terms are defined in the Plan. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock, Options
and/or Stock Appreciation Rights that may be granted pursuant to Awards under the Plan shall be twenty percent (20%) of the then outstanding
shares of Common Stock (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes all outstanding shares of Common Stock, whether voting or non-voting)
(the Share Limit); provided, that in no event shall the Share Limit be less than 10,000,000 shares.

Employment Agreement

The Company entered into an Employment Agreement, dated
and effective as of the closing of the Private Placement (the Employment Agreement), with Steven Sugarman (the Executive),
as the Companys President, with the Executive also having such other roles and responsibilities at the Company and the Bank as
shall be mutually agreeable by the parties. The term of employment ends on April 1, 2029 (the Employment Period); provided,
however, that, commencing on April 1, 2026, and on each anniversary of such date (such date and each annual anniversary thereof, a Renewal
Date), unless previously terminated, the Employment Period will automatically be extended so as to terminate three years from such
Renewal Date.

During the Employment Period, the Executive will receive
an annual base salary (Annual Base Salary) at a rate of not less than $200,000 payable in accordance with the Companys
normal payroll policies, subject to the review for increase at least annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board pursuant to normal
performance review policies. With respect to each fiscal year ending during the Employment Period, the Executive will be eligible to receive
an annual bonus (the Annual Bonus), based on the attainment of performance objectives determined and established by the
Compensation Committee, with no more than 50% of the Annual Bonus for any year payable in the form of equity awards.

The Company will issue to the Executive the initial
equity award within thirty (30) days following the Effective Date, and within thirty (30) days following the end of each quarter during
the term of the Employment Agreement, the Company will issue to the Executive the quarterly equity award. The initial equity award means
the amount of Restricted Stock Units equal to five percent (5%) of the outstanding Common Stock and all equity securities eligible to
be converted into Common Stock as of the Effective Date. The quarterly equity award means the amount of Restricted Stock Units equal to
the number of shares of Common Stock equivalent to five percent (5%) of the outstanding Common Stock and all equity securities eligible
to be converted into Common Stock as of most recent quarter-end minus the amount of Common Stock held by the Executive pursuant to awards
previously issued pursuant to the Employment Agreement as of most recent quarter-end.

Such Restricted Stock Units will vest in twelve (12)
equal monthly tranches commencing on the issuance date and will have a restricted period of one year from the date of grant. Within ten
business days following the date on which such restricted period ends, the Company will be obligated to deliver to the Executive: (i)
to the extent the Plan has not been approved by the Companys shareholders, cash equal to the fair market value of one share as
of the date on which the Restricted Stock Units restricted period ends for each Restricted Stock Unit that vested; or (ii) to the
extent the Plan has been approved by the Companys shareholders, one share for each Restricted Stock Unit that vested.

The Employment Agreement also contains certain termination,
claw back, confidentiality and other customary provisions.

The foregoing descriptions of the Securities Purchase
Agreements, the Registration Rights Agreement, the Plan and the Employment Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in
their entirety by reference to the full text of these documents, copies of which are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K, as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5, respectively, and incorporated by reference herein. The description of the Certificate
of Amendment, set forth above, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of this
document, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, which was filed with the SEC on March 19,
2025 and is incorporated by reference herein.

Amendments to the Subordinated Notes and Senior Notes

In connection with the Private Placement,
the Company entered into amendments (collectively, the Amendments) to: (i) 6.25% Fixed to Floating Subordinated Note due
June 30, 2028 (the Subordinated Note), entered into as of March 17, 2025, with a holder of Subordinated Notes and (ii) 8.5%
Fixed Rate Senior Notes Due 2026 (the Senior Notes and together with the Subordinated Note, the Notes), entered
into as of March 17, 2025, with holders of Senior Notes. The Amendments are subject to and are effective at the closing of the Private
Placement.

The amendment to the Subordinated Note provides that
the interest on the Subordinated Note will be paid-in-kind (PIK) and the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the
Subordinated Note will be automatically increased on each interest payment date by the amount of such PIK interest for all accrued and
unpaid interest payments as of the closing date of the Private Placement and for future scheduled interest payments owed through and
including the March 30, 2026 interest payment date. In addition, pursuant to such amendment, the noteholder agrees to convert $2,000,000
of the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Note into shares of Common Stock effective on the closing date of the Private
Placement.

The amendment to the Senior Notes provides that (i)
the maturity date of the Senior Notes will be extended to April 15, 2028, (ii) the interest rate will be increased to 10% effective as
of January 1, 2026, and (iii) at any time prior to the maturity date, the Company may repay any amount of the outstanding principal amount
of the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, without penalty. In addition, pursuant to such amendment, if the amount of cash consideration
raised in the Private Placement on the closing date thereof is less than $60,000,000, interest on the Senior Notes may be PIK for all
accrued and unpaid interest payments as of the closing date of the Private Placement, and for future scheduled interest payments owed
through the January 15, 2026 payment (the PIK Period). However, if the amount of cash consideration raised in the Private
Placement on the closing date thereof for shares of Common Stock is less than $50,000,000 (the Minimum Closing Amount),
the noteholders agree to convert into shares of Common Stock an amount of the outstanding Senior Notes, on a pro rata basis, equal to
the lesser of: (i) the dollar amount necessary to achieve the Minimum Closing Amount; and (ii) $5,000,000, and all accrued and unpaid
interest payments as of the closing date of the Private Placement and for future scheduled interest payments owed through the January
15, 2026 payment may be PIK.

In addition, pursuant to the amendment to the Senior
Notes, at any time during the PIK Period, any noteholder may elect to voluntarily convert any amount of such noteholders outstanding
principal and/or interest into shares of Common Stock on the same terms as in the Private Placement, subject to the shareholder approval.

The foregoing description of the Amendments does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendments, which will be filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 to be filed with the SEC.

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 above related to the Notes is incorporated
by reference in this Item 2.03.

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information set forth under Item 1.01 with respect
to the Private Placement, including the conversion of the Notes, is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02.

The investment in the Companys securities discussed
in this Current Report on Form 8-K involves the offer and sale of securities in a Private Placement that will not be registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and will be subject to the resale restrictions under the Securities
Act. Such securities may not be offered or sold absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration.

This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute
an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction
in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any
such state or jurisdiction.

The securities offered by the Company will be issued
without registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon the exemption provided under Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under
the Securities Act and Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as securities offered and sold only to accredited investors (as defined in
Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act) in a transaction not involving any public offering.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors;
Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 above related
to the Plan and the Employment Agreement is incorporated by reference in this Item 5.02.

On March 20, 2025, David Lowery announced his resignation
as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank, the Companys wholly-owned subsidiary,
effective as of April 15, 2025 or as otherwise determined by Mr. Lowery and the Company, to ensure a seamless transition. Mr. Lowery will
assist with the management transition until such date. Mr. Lowery will also resign from his director position on the Board of the Company
and the Bank Board, effective as of such date. Mr. Lowery is resigning to pursue other opportunities.

Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure

On March 20, 2025, the Company issued a press release
announcing the Private Placement. The press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated into
this Item 7.01 by reference.

The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

10.1 Form of Co-Lead Investors Agreement*

10.2 Form of Purchasers Agreement*

10.3 Form of Registration Rights Agreement

10.4 2025 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan

10.5 Employment Agreement between the Company and Steven Sugarman

99.1 Press Release

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

___________________________

* Other than the form of the Certificate of Amendment and the form of the
Registration Rights Agreement, schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation
S-K. The Company agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding the Companys plans, objectives,
goals, strategies, business plans, future events or performance. Words such as anticipates," believes, estimates,
expects, forecasts, intends, plans, projects, targets,
designed, could, may, should, will or other similar words and expressions
are intended to identify these forward-looking statements.

Because forward-looking statements relate to future
results and occurrences, they are subject to inherent risks, uncertainties, changes in circumstances and other factors that are difficult
to predict. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only
on the Companys current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding its business, plans and strategies, projections, anticipated
events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Many possible events or factors could affect the Companys future financial
results and performance and could cause its actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any anticipated results
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others: (i) delays in closing the
Private Placement, (ii) the dilution to be caused by the Companys issuance of additional shares of its capital stock in connection
with the Private Placement, (iii) general competitive, economic, political and market conditions, or (iv) other factors that may affect
future results of the Company.

Given these factors, you should not place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements. All information set forth in this Current Report on Form 8-K is as of the date of this Form 8-K.
The Company undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 8-K, whether as a result
of new information, future events or changes in its expectations or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC.

March 20, 2025 By: /s/ David Lowery 

David Lowery

Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exh_101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10,1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

The Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement),
dated as of March 20, 2025, is entered into by and among Patriot National Bancorp, Inc., a Connecticut corporation (the Company),
and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser
and collectively, the Purchasers).

RECITALS 

A. The Company
and each Purchaser are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D (Regulation
D) as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities
Act.

B. Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, wishes to purchase, and the Company
wishes to sell, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, that number of shares of (i) voting common stock, par value $0.01
per share, of the Company (the Common Stock), set forth below such Purchasers name on the signature page of
this Agreement (which shall be collectively referred to herein as the Common Shares) and/or (ii) a newly-issued series
of convertible non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series A, no par value per share, of the Company (the Series A Preferred
Stock), set forth below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement (which shall be collectively referred
to herein as the Series A Preferred Shares), which shall be convertible into Common Shares subject to the terms and
conditions set forth in the Certificate of Designations (as defined below), and, following the Shareholder Approval (as defined below)
and subject to the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as defined below), non-voting common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Non-Voting Common Stock). The Common Shares and the Series
A Preferred Shares shall be collectively referred herein to as the Shares. The shares of Common Stock and Non-Voting
Common Stock, into which the Series A Preferred Stock is convertible, are referred to herein as the Underlying Shares,
and the Underlying Shares and the Shares are referred to herein, collectively, as the Securities.

C. No Purchaser
shall be entitled to purchase the Securities issuable at Closing that would cause such Purchaser (including its Affiliates or any other
Persons with which it is acting in concert or whose holdings would otherwise be required to be aggregated for purposes of the BHC Act
or the CIBC Act, each as defined below), to acquire, or to obtain the right to acquire, more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock or the voting securities of the Company or such amount of the voting securities and/or nonvoting securities of the Company that
would constitute control under the BHC Act or the CIBC Act on a post transaction basis that assumes that such Closing shall
have occurred.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants
contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged,
the Company and the Purchasers hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1 Definitions. In addition to
the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1.1:

1

Action means any action, suit,
inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding (including any partial proceeding such as a deposition), or investigation pending or, to the
Companys Knowledge, threatened against the Company, any Subsidiary, or any of their respective properties or any officer, director,
or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary acting in his or her capacity as an officer, director, or employee before or by any Governmental
Entity.

Affiliate means, with respect
to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with such Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agency has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(pp).

Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
in the Preamble.

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.21(a).

Bank means Patriot Bank, N.A., a wholly owned Subsidiary
of the Company.

Bank Board means the Board of
Directors of the Bank.

Bank Regulatory Approvals means
that a Purchaser shall have received, in its sole discretion, satisfactory feedback from the Federal Reserve and the OCC (which may be
the absence of any communication from the Federal Reserve or the OCC, as applicable) that it will not have control of the
Company or the Bank for purposes of the BHCA and that no notice is required under the CIBC Act (or if such notice is required, it has
been submitted to the applicable Governmental Entity, and there has been no objection by such Governmental Entity after the expiration
or earlier termination of any applicable waiting period), and Purchaser shall have submitted all other filings with and received all other
approvals required by applicable Governmental Entities, in each case as necessary to permit Purchaser to hold up to 24.9% of any class
of voting securities of the Company.

Benefit Plan has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(rr).

BHCA has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b).

BHCA Control has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(uu).

Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

Board Representatives has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.20(a).

Burdensome Condition has the meaning set forth in Section
4.16.

Business Day means a day, other
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks in the State of New York are open for the general transaction of business.

Certificate of Designations has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.2(a)(ix).

Certificate of Incorporation means
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and all amendments thereto, as amended as of the date hereof.

2

Change in Control means, with respect to the Company,
the occurrence of any one of the following events:

(1) any Person or group
(other than the Purchasers and their Affiliates) becomes a beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly
or indirectly, of 30% or more of the aggregate shares of Common Stock;

(2) any Person or group
(other than the Purchasers and their Affiliates) becomes a beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly
or indirectly, of 24.9% or more of the aggregate shares of Common Stock, and in connection with such event, individuals who, on the date
of this Agreement, constitute the Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board;

(3) the consummation
of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange, or similar transaction that requires adoption by the Companys shareholders
(a Business Combination), unless immediately following such Business Combination more than 50% of the total voting
power of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (the Surviving Corporation), or, if applicable,
the ultimate parent corporation that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership (as defined in Rules 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of
100% of the voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Surviving Corporation, is represented by Common Stock that was outstanding
immediately before such Business Combination;

(4) the shareholders
of the Company approve a plan of liquidation or dissolution of the Company or a sale of all or substantially all of the Companys
assets; or

(5) the Company has entered
into a definitive agreement, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of any of the events described in clauses (1) through
(4) of this definition above.

CIBC Act means the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978.

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale
of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

Closing Date means the date on
which the Closing shall occur, which (unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing) shall be (i) no later than five (5) Business
Days after the satisfaction (or waiver, as applicable) of the last to be satisfied of the conditions set forth in Article V and
(ii) no later than the Outside Date.

Code means the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, including the regulations and published interpretations thereunder.

Co-Lead Investors means investors
listed in Schedule I attached hereto. The Co-Lead Investors are also Purchasers as such term is used in this Agreement.

Commission has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Common Shares has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

3

Common Stock has the meaning set
forth in the Recitals, and also includes any securities into which the Common Stock may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Company has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Company Counsel means Blank Rome LLP.

Company Deliverables has the meaning set forth in Section
2.2(a).

Company Financial Statements has the meaning set forth
in Section 3.1(h).

Company Recommendations has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.21(b).

Company Reports has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(kk).

Companys Knowledge means
with respect to any statement made to the knowledge of the Company, that the statement is based upon the actual knowledge, after reasonable
inquiry, of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

Control (including the terms controlling,
controlled by or under common control with) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise for purposes of the BHCA or the CIBC Act.

Covered Person has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(ww).

CRA has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(nn).

Designating Purchaser has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.20(a).

Designating Purchaser Indemnitors has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.20(e).

Disclosure Materials has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(h).

Disclosure Schedules has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1.

Disqualification Event has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1(ww).

Effective Date means the date
on which the initial Registration Statement required by Section 2(a) of the Registration Rights Agreement is first declared effective
by the Commission.

Election Period has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.24(b).

Environmental Laws has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(k).

ERISA has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(rr).

ERISA Affiliates has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(rr).

ERISA Plan has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(rr).

4

Escrow Account has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(a).

Escrow Agent has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.1(a).

Escrow Agreement has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(a).

Escrow Funding Date has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(a).

Exchange Act means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor statute, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Cap has the meaning set forth in Section
4.22.

Exchange Cap Allocation Amount has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.22.

Exchange Cap Maximum has the meaning set forth in Section
4.22.

Existing Buyer has the meaning set forth in Section
4.22.

Existing Securities has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.24(a).

Expedited Issuance has the meaning set forth in Section
4.23(f).

Extended Escrow Funding Date has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.1(a).

FDIC means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

Federal Reserve means the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System.

GAAP means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
as applied by the Company.

Governmental Entity means any
court, administrative agency, arbitrator, or commission or other governmental or regulatory authority or instrumentality, whether federal,
state, local, or foreign, and any applicable securities exchange or other self-regulatory organization.

Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section
4.7(b).

Insurer has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(pp).

Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1(q).

IRS has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(rr).

Law means any federal, state,
county, municipal or local ordinance, permit, concession, grant, franchise, law, statute, code, rule or regulation or any judgment, ruling,
order, writ, injunction or decree promulgated by any Governmental Entity.

5

Lead Party means Steven Sugarman
and his Affiliates. The Lead Party is also deemed to be a Purchaser and Co-Lead Investor, as such term is used in this Agreement. To the
extent the Lead Party is also a Purchaser in this offering, it may also be referred to as Lead Investor.

Lien means any lien, charge, claim,
encumbrance, security interest, right of first refusal, preemptive right, mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, conditional sale agreement,
restriction on transfer or other restrictions of any kind.

Loan Investor has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(pp).

Local Counsel means Robinson & Cole LLP.

Losses has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7(a).

Material Adverse Effect means
any event, circumstance, change or occurrence that has had or would reasonably be expected to have (i) a material and adverse effect on
the legality, validity, or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material and adverse effect on the operations, results of
operations, assets, liabilities, properties, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, or (iii) any adverse impairment to the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations
under any Transaction Document; provided, however, that clause (ii) shall not include the impact of (A) changes in banking and similar
Laws of general applicability or interpretations thereof by any applicable Governmental Entity, (B) changes in GAAP or regulatory accounting
requirements applicable to banks and their holding companies generally, (C) changes in general economic conditions, including interest
rates, affecting banks generally, (D) the effects of any action or omission taken by the Company or the Bank expressly required by this
Agreement or taken with the prior written consent of Purchaser, or (E) the public disclosure of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby, except, with respect to clauses (A), (B) and (C), to the extent that the effect of such changes has a disproportionate impact
on the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, relative to other similarly situated banks and their holding companies generally.

Material Contract means any of the following agreements
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries:

(1) 
any contract or agreement which is a material contract within the meaning of Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K;

(2) 
any contract containing covenants that limit in any material respect the ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to compete
in any line of business or with any Person or which involve any material restriction of the geographical area in which, or method by which
or with whom, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may carry on its business (other than as may be required by Law or applicable regulatory
authorities), and any contract that could require the disposition of any material assets or line of business of the Company or of its
Subsidiaries;

(3) any joint venture,
partnership, strategic alliance, or other similar contract (including any franchising agreement, but in any event excluding introducing
broker agreements), and any contract relating to the acquisition or disposition of any material business or material assets (whether by
merger, sale of stock or assets, or otherwise), which acquisition or disposition is not yet complete or where such contract contains continuing
material obligations or contains continuing indemnity obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

6

(4) any real property
lease and any other lease with annual rental payments aggregating $50,000 or more;

(5) other than with respect
to loans, any contract providing for, or reasonably likely to result in, the receipt or expenditure of more than $100,000 on an annual
basis, including the payment or receipt of royalties or other amounts calculated based upon revenues or income;

(6) any contract or arrangement
under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is licensed or otherwise permitted by a third party to use any Intellectual Property
that is material to its business (except for any shrinkwrap or click through license agreements or other agreements
for software that is generally available to the public and has not been customized for the Company or its Subsidiaries) or under which
a third party is licensed or otherwise permitted to use any Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(7) any other contract
that by its terms limits the payment of dividends or other distributions by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(8) any standstill or
similar agreement pursuant to which any party has agreed not to acquire assets or securities of another person;

(9) any contract that
would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay, or materially impede the Companys ability to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents;

(10) any contract providing
for indemnification by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any person, except for immaterial contracts entered into in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice; and

(11) any contract that
contains a put, call, or similar right pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could be required to purchase or sell,
as applicable, any equity interests or assets that have a fair market value or purchase price of more than $50,000.

Material Permits has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(o).

MFN Notice has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.24(a).

Minimum Offering Amount has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).

Minimum Ownership Interest has the meaning set forth
in Section 4.20(a).

Money Laundering Laws has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1(ii).

New Securities has the meaning set forth in Section
4.23(a).

7

Non-Voting Common Stock has the meaning set forth in
the Recitals.

New York Courts has the meaning set forth in Section
6.8.

OCC means the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

OFAC has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(hh).

Offering has the meaning set forth in Section 4.23(a).

Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan
means the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan to be approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, subject to shareholder approval.

Outside Date means April 14, 2025.

Pension Plan has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(rr).

Person means an individual, corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, trust, business trust, association, joint stock company, joint venture, sole proprietorship, unincorporated
organization or Governmental Entity.

Personally Identifiable Information
means any nonpublic personal information as defined in 15 U.S. Code 6809.

Placement Agent means Performance
Trust Capital Partners.

Preferred Stock has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.1(g)(i).

Principal Trading Market means
the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is primarily listed on and quoted for trading.

Proceeding means an action, claim,
suit, investigation, or proceeding (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether
commenced or threatened.

Purchase Price means an amount
equal to $0.75 per Share.

Purchased Shares means the number
of Shares to be purchased by each Purchaser hereunder.

Purchaser has the meaning set
forth in the Preamble.

Purchaser Deliverables has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).

Purchaser Party has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.7(a).

Questionnaire has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.2(b)(ii).

Registration Rights Agreement
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a)(x).

8

Registration Statement means a
registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering the resale by the Purchasers
of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement).

Regulation D has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Regulatory Counsel means Pryor Cashman LLP.

Required Approvals has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(e).

Response Period has the meaning set forth in Section
4.23(c).

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated
by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter
adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

SEC Report has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.1(h).

Securities has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Securities Act has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Series A Preferred Shares has the meaning set forth
in the Recitals.

Series A Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth
in the Recitals.

Shareholder Approval has the meaning set forth in Section
4.21(a).

Shareholder Litigation has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.18.

Shareholders Meeting has the meaning set forth
in Section 4.21(a).

Shares has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Stock Plan has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(g)(i).

Subsequent Financing has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.24(a).

Subsidiary means any entity in
which the Company or the Bank, directly or indirectly, owns 50% or more of the outstanding capital stock or otherwise has Control over
such entity. For the avoidance of doubt, the Subsidiaries of the Company include the Bank.

Surviving Corporation has the meaning set forth in
this Section 1.1.

Takeover Law has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(bb).

Tax or Taxes
mean (i) any federal, state, local or foreign income, gross receipts, property, sales, use, license, excise, franchise, employment, payroll,
withholding, alternative or add on minimum, ad valorem, transfer or excise tax, or any other tax, custom, duty, governmental fee or other
like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest or penalty, imposed by any Governmental Entity and (ii) any
liability in respect of any items described in clause (i) above payable by reason of contract, assumption, transferee or successor liability,
operation of law, Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6(a) (or any predecessor or successor thereof or analogous or similar provisions
of Law) or otherwise.

9

Tax Return means any return, declaration,
report or similar statement filed or required to be filed with respect to any Tax (including any attached schedules), including, without
limitation, any information return, claim for refund, amended return or declaration of estimated Tax.

Trading Day means (i) a day on
which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Trading Market, or (ii) if the Common Stock is not quoted on any
Trading Market, a day on which the Common Stock is quoted in the over-the-counter market as reported by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (including
the OTC Pink); provided, that in the event that the Common Stock is not listed or quoted as set forth in (i) and (ii) hereof, then Trading
Day shall mean a Business Day.

Trading Market means whichever
of the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE Amex, the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the NASDAQ Global Market, the NASDAQ Capital Market, or
the OTC Pink on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question.

Transaction Documents means this
Agreement, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto, including the Registration Rights Agreement, the Certificate of Designations, the
Escrow Agreement, and any other documents or agreements executed by the Company or the Purchasers in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereunder.

Transfer means, in respect of
any Shares, property or other assets, any sale, assignment, hypothecation, lien, encumbrance, transfer, distribution or other disposition
thereof or of a participation therein, or other conveyance of legal or beneficial interest therein, including rights to vote and to receive
dividends or other income with respect thereto, or any short position in a security or any other action or position otherwise reducing
risk related to ownership through hedging or other derivative instruments, whether voluntarily or by operation of Law, or any agreement
or commitment to do any of the foregoing.

Transfer Agent means Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
or any successor transfer agent for the Company.

Underlying Shares has the meaning set forth in the
Recitals.

ARTICLE II 

PURCHASE AND SALE 

Section 2.1 Closing.

(a) 
Escrow Account. No later than five (5) Business Days after the execution of the Agreement by the Company and the Purchasers (Escrow
Funding Date), each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Wilmington Trust, National Association (the Escrow
Agent), in U.S. dollars and in immediately available funds, the amount indicated below such Purchasers name on the applicable
signature page hereto under the heading Aggregate Purchase Price by wire transfer to a non-interest bearing escrow account
(the Escrow Account) established for such purpose with the Escrow Agent. All such funds will be held in the Escrow
Account pursuant to the terms of an Escrow Agreement, by and among the Company, the Escrow Agent and the Lead Party (the Escrow
Agreement). The Company will pay all fees related to the establishment and maintenance of the Escrow Account and comply with
procedures required by the Escrow Agent. If at least $60,000,000 in equity capital commitments, including any conversion of the Companys
existing debt into equity (the Minimum Offering Amount), have been received by the Company on or prior to the Escrow
Funding Date, and all of the other conditions set forth in Article V of this Agreement are fulfilled, the Closing shall be held
on the Closing Date with respect to Shares sold; provided, however, that, in the sole discretion of the Lead Party, the
Minimum Offering Amount can be decreased by up to $10,000,000. If the Minimum Offering Amount has not been received on or before the Escrow
Funding Date for any reason, the Escrow Funding Date will be extended for up to 14 days (the Extended Escrow Funding Date)
for the receipt of the Minimum Offering Amount, and if the Minimum Offering Amount has not been received on or before the Extended Escrow
Funding Date, this Agreement will be terminated as set forth in Section 6.10 hereof (provided, however, that, in
the sole discretion of the Lead Party, the Extended Escrow Funding Date can be extended for an additional 14 days for good reason), no
Shares will be issued and sold, and pursuant to the terms of the Escrow Agreement, the Escrow Agent will, at the Companys and the
Lead Partys written direction, cause all monies received from Purchasers for the Shares to be promptly returned to such Purchasers
without interest, penalty, expense or deduction and the Company will promptly cooperate to accomplish the foregoing, including providing
the Escrow Agent with any requested written instructions in such regard.

10

(b) 
Purchase of Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing, the Company shall issue and
sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser shall, severally and not jointly, purchase from the Company, up to the number of Shares set
forth below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement at a per Share price equal to the Purchase Price, subject
to a downward adjustment by the Company to ensure the Purchaser complies with Section 3.2(s) of this Agreement.

(c) Closing.
Unless this Agreement has been terminated pursuant to Section 6.10 and subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, as applicable) of
the conditions set forth in Article V and the delivery of the Company Deliverables and the Purchaser Deliverables, the Closing
of the purchase and sale of the Shares shall take place remotely by electronic transmission of closing documents and signature pages on
the Closing Date, or such other means and/or date as the parties may mutually agree.

Section 2.2 Closing Deliveries.

(a) On or
prior to the Closing, the Company shall issue, deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser (unless otherwise indicated) the following
(the Company Deliverables):

(i) evidence of book entry of the Shares purchased by the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, registered
in the name of such Purchaser or its nominee;

(ii) legal opinions of Local Counsel, Regulatory Counsel and Company Counsel, as applicable, dated as of the
Closing Date, executed by such counsel and addressed to the Co-Lead Investors;

(iii) a certificate of the Secretary of the Company, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
C, dated as of the Closing Date, (a) certifying the resolutions adopted by the Board or a duly authorized committee thereof approving
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the issuance of the Shares, (b) certifying the
current versions of the Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws, as amended, of the Company, (c) certifying the fulfillment of the conditions
specified in Section 5.1, and (d) certifying as to the signatures and authority of persons signing the Transaction Documents and
related documents on behalf of the Company;

11

(iv) a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date and signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D;

(v) a Certificate of Legal Existence of the Company from the Connecticut Secretary of State as of a recent
date;

(vi) a certificate of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to the effect that the Company is a registered bank
holding company under the BHCA;

(vii) a certificate of the OCC as of a recent date evidencing the corporate existence of the Bank;

(viii) a certificate of the FDIC to the effect that the Banks deposit accounts are insured by the FDIC
under the provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act;

(ix) the Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company relating to the Series
A Preferred Stock of the Company filed with the Connecticut Secretary of State in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (the Certificate
of Designations); and

(x) a registration rights agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Registration
Rights Agreement), duly executed by the Company.

(b) On or
prior to the Closing, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following (the Purchaser Deliverables):

(i) in U.S. dollars and in immediately available funds, the amount indicated below such Purchasers
name on the applicable signature page hereto under the heading Aggregate Purchase Price by wire transfer from the Escrow
Account to the account provided by the Company;

(ii) a fully completed and duly executed Accredited Investor Questionnaire (the Questionnaire)
reasonably satisfactory to the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B; and

(iii) the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Purchasers.

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 3.1 Representations and Warranties of
the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to each of the Purchasers as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date,
except for the representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be made as of such date, and except (i) as
disclosed in the disclosure schedules delivered by the Company to the Purchasers concurrently herewith and attached hereto (the Disclosure
Schedules), provided, that (a) the mere inclusion of an item in the Disclosure Schedules as an exception to a representation
or warranty shall not be deemed an admission by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that such item represents a material exception
or fact, event or circumstance or that such item is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (b) any disclosures made
with respect to a section of this Article III shall be deemed to qualify (1) any other section of this Article III specifically referenced
or cross-referenced and (2) other sections of this Article III to the extent it is reasonably apparent on its face (notwithstanding the
absence of a specific reference or cross reference) from a reading of the disclosure that such disclosure applies to such other sections
or (ii) as disclosed in any SEC Report prior to the date hereof, that:

12

(a) Subsidiaries.
The Company owns all of the outstanding shares of the Bank. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), the Company has no other direct or
indirect Subsidiaries. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or comparable
equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any and all Liens, and all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or
comparable equity interest of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable (to the extent such concept is applicable
to an equity interest of a Subsidiary) and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except in respect
of the Companys Subsidiaries or as otherwise listed on Schedule 3.1(a), the Company does not own beneficially, directly or indirectly,
5% or more of any class of equity securities or similar interests of any corporation, bank, business trust, association or similar organization,
and is not, directly or indirectly, a partner in any partnership or party to any joint venture.

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing,
and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (as applicable), with the requisite power
and authority to own or lease and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, or other
organizational or charter documents. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing
as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes
such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not in the reasonable
judgment of the Company be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company is duly registered as a bank
holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA). The Bank is the Companys
only Subsidiary banking institution. The Banks deposit accounts are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC, and all premiums
and assessments required to be paid in connection therewith have been paid when due and no Proceeding for the termination of such insurance
is pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened. Since December 31, 2022, the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted
their businesses in compliance with all applicable federal, state and foreign Laws, orders, judgments, decrees, rules, regulations, and
applicable stock exchange requirements, including all Laws and regulations restricting activities of bank holding companies and banking
organizations, in all material respects except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(b). The Bank has been duly organized and is validly existing
as a national association organized under the laws of the United States and supervised by the OCC, with the requisite corporate power
and authority under such laws to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as now being conducted in all material
respects and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Bank is a member in good standing of the Federal Home
Loan Bank of Boston, and its activities are permitted by the National Bank Act, and the rules and regulations of the OCC. The deposit
accounts of the Bank are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC) through the Deposit Insurance Fund
(as defined in Section 3(y) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act of 1950) to the fullest extent permitted by law, all premiums and assessments
required to be paid in connection therewith have been paid when due, and no Proceedings for the termination or adverse modification of
such insurance are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened. There are no Subsidiaries of the Company other than the Bank
that are depository institutions or that have or are required to have deposit insurance.

13

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement; Validity. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder, including, without
limitation, to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof. The Companys execution and delivery of each of the Transaction
Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, but not limited to, the sale and
delivery of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents) have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of the Company, and no further corporate action is required by the Company, the Board, or the Companys
shareholders in connection therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. Each of the Transaction Documents has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and is, or when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof,
will constitute the legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, or similar
Laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of
general application, (ii) as limited by Laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable
remedies, and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable Law. There are no shareholder
agreements, voting agreements, or other similar arrangements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is
a party or, to the Companys Knowledge, between or among any of the Companys shareholders.

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents) do not and will not, subject to receipt of the Required Approvals, (i) conflict with or violate any
provisions of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, or otherwise result in a
violation of the organizational documents of the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would result in a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration, or cancellation (with or
without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, or
(iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any Law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction,
decree, or other restriction of any court or Governmental Entity to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities
Laws and regulations and the rules and regulations thereunder, assuming, without investigation, the correctness of the representations
and warranties made by the Purchasers herein, of any self-regulatory organization to which the Company or its securities are subject,
including all applicable Trading Markets), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, except in the case of
clauses (ii) and (iii) such as would not be, or would not reasonably be expected to be, material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

14

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or
order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any Governmental Entity or other Person in connection with the
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Shares
and the Underlying Shares), other than (i) the filing with the Commission of one or more Registration Statements in accordance with the
requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement, (ii) the filings, if any, required by applicable state securities Laws, (iii) the filing
of a Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities on Form D with the Commission under Regulation D of the Securities Act, (iv) the filing of
any applicable notices and/or applications to or the receipt of any applicable consents or non-objections from (x) the state or federal
bank regulatory authorities that govern the Company or the Bank, or (y) the Principal Trading Market, (v) the filing of the Certificate
of Designations to create the Series A Preferred Stock, (vi) the Shareholder Approval regarding the authorization of the shares of Non-Voting
Common Stock to be issued upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Shares and the authorization of additional shares of Common Stock,
as applicable, (vii) the filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Connecticut,
and (viii) those that have been made or obtained prior to the date of this Agreement (collectively, the Required Approvals).
The Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries that would be likely to prevent the Company
from obtaining or effecting any of the foregoing.

(f) Issuance
of the Shares and Underlying Shares. The issuance of the Common Shares has been duly authorized and the Common Shares, and when issued
and sold against the receipt of consideration therefor in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly
issued, fully paid, and non-assessable and free and clear of all Liens, other than restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities
Laws, restrictions contemplated by this Agreement and Liens, if any, created by a Purchaser, and shall not be subject to preemptive or
similar rights. The issuance of Series A Preferred Shares (upon filing of the Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State
of the State of Connecticut) will be duly authorized, and when issued and sold against the receipt of consideration therefor in accordance
with the terms of the Transaction Documents, such Series A Preferred Shares will be validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable and
free of preemptive rights except for those stated herein. The issuance of the Underlying Shares, other than Non-Voting Common Stock, has
been duly authorized, and the Underlying Shares (other than Non-Voting Common Stock), if and when issued in accordance with the terms
of the Certificate of Incorporation, including the Certificate of Designations, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
and free and clear of all Liens, other than restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws, restrictions contemplated
by this Agreement and Liens, if any, created by a Purchaser, and shall not be subject to preemptive or similar rights. The issuance of
the shares of Non-Voting Common Stock into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible will, upon receipt of the Shareholder
Approval and filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, have been duly authorized, and the shares of Non-Voting
Common Stock, into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible, if and when issued in accordance with the terms of the
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free and clear of
all Liens, other than restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws, restrictions contemplated by this Agreement and
Liens, if any, created by a Purchaser, and shall not be subject to preemptive or similar rights. Assuming the accuracy of the representations
and warranties of the Purchasers in this Agreement, the Shares will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities
Laws.

15

(g) Capitalization.
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, and (ii) 1,000,000
shares of preferred stock, no par value per share (the Preferred Stock). As of the date hereof, there are 3,991,852
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and no shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. As of the date hereof, there are
146,185 outstanding and unvested shares of restricted stock issued, and 74,540 reserved for issuance, under the Companys 2020 Restricted
Stock Award Plan, as amended (the Stock Plan). Other than in respect of awards outstanding under or pursuant to the
Stock Plan, no shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, have been issued in compliance in all material respects with all applicable
federal and state securities Laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of the Company. No shares of the Companys outstanding capital stock are subject
to preemptive rights or any other similar rights. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g)(i), there are no outstanding options, warrants,
scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls, or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into,
or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital
stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls, or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g)(ii), there are no material outstanding debt securities, notes,
credit agreements, credit facilities or other agreements, documents or instruments evidencing indebtedness of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound. Except for the Registration Rights Agreement, if applicable,
or as otherwise set forth in Schedule 3.1(g)(iii), there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is obligated to register the sale of any of its securities under the Securities Act. Except as set forth in the applicable Transaction
Documents, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that contain any redemption or
similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company and its Subsidiaries do not have any
stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. Except as set forth in
the applicable Transaction Documents, there are no securities or instruments issued by or to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents.

(h) SEC
Reports; Company Financial Statements.

(i) 
The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act,
including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, since January 1, 2023 (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law
or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, as and if amended, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated
by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports, and the SEC Reports, together with the Disclosure
Schedules, being collectively referred to as the Disclosure Materials) on a timely basis or has received a valid
extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension, except where the failure
to file on a timely basis would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (including, for this purpose
only, any failure to qualify to register the Common Shares and Underlying Shares for resale on Form S-1 or S-3 or which would prevent
any Purchaser from using Rule 144 to resell any Securities). As of their respective filing dates, the SEC Reports complied as to form
in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission
promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, except that information filed or furnished as of a later date (but before the date of this Agreement)
shall be deemed to modify information as of an earlier date). The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities
Act. Each of the Material Contracts to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or to which the property or assets of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries are subject has been filed as an exhibit to the SEC Reports.

16

(ii) 
The audited consolidated balance sheets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the related consolidated
statements of income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the two years ended December 31, 2023, together with the
notes thereto, and the unaudited consolidated balance sheets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2024 and the related
consolidated statements of income, changes to stockholders equity and cash flows for the nine (9) months then ended (the Company
Financial Statements) (1) have been prepared from, and are in accordance with the books and records of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, (2) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except as may
be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that the unaudited financial statements may not contain
all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the periods then
ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, year-end audit adjustments, which would not be material, either individually
or in the aggregate. The Company has made available to the Purchasers complete and accurate copies of the Company Financial Statements.
There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) and an unconsolidated or
other off-balance sheet entity except as disclosed by the Company in the Company Financial Statements. The Company also made available
to the Purchasers the Banks Consolidated Reports of Condition and Income, or call reports, dated December 31, 2024
and last updated as of January 30, 2025, filed with the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council. Such call reports have been
prepared from, and are in accordance with the books and records of the Bank and fairly present in all material respects the results of
operations of the Bank for the period ended on December 31, 2024, subject to normal, year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Tax
Matters. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has (i) timely filed all material foreign, U.S. federal, state and local Tax Returns
that are or were required to be filed, and all such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects, (ii) paid all
material Taxes required to be paid by it and any other material assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, whether or not shown or
determined to be due on such Tax Returns, other than any such amounts (x) currently payable without penalty or interest, or (y) being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP; (iii)
timely withheld, collected or deposited as the case may be all material Taxes (determined both individually and in the aggregate) required
to be withheld, collected or deposited by it, and to the extent required, have been paid to the relevant taxing authority in accordance
with applicable Law; and (iv) complied with all applicable information reporting requirements related to Taxes in all material respects.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (i) is subject to any outstanding audit, assessment, dispute or claim concerning any material Tax
liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries either within the Companys Knowledge or claimed, pending or raised by an authority
in writing; (ii) is a party to, bound by or otherwise subject to any obligation under any Tax sharing or Tax indemnity agreement or similar
contract or arrangement (other than an agreement, similar contract or arrangement to which only the Company and its Subsidiaries are parties);
(iii) has participated in a listed transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011- 4(b)(2); or (iv)
has any liability for Taxes of any Person arising from the application of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or any analogous provision
of state, local or foreign Law, or as a transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise.

No claim has been made by a tax authority in a jurisdiction
where the Company or any Subsidiary does not pay Taxes or file Tax Returns asserting that the Company or any Subsidiary is or may be subject
to Taxes assessed by such jurisdiction. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will be required to include any item of income in, or exclude
any item of deduction from, taxable income for any period (or any portion thereof) ending after the Closing as a result of any: (1) installment
sale or other open transaction disposition made on or prior to the Closing; (2) prepaid amount received on or prior to the Closing; (3)
written and legally binding agreement with a Governmental Entity relating to taxes for any taxable period ending on or before the Closing;
(4) change in method of accounting in any taxable period ending on or before the Closing; or (5) election under Section 108(i) of the
Code. The Tax attributes of the Company and its Subsidiaries, currently subject to limitation under Section 382 of the Code, have been
fairly valued within the recorded net assets of the Company. Based on the market value of the Company as of the date of this Agreement,
in the event that the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement would cause the Company and its Subsidiaries to
experience an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code, such ownership change would not impair the Tax attributes
currently recorded within the net assets of the Company.

17

(j) Material
Changes. Since the date of the latest financial statements included within the Company Financial Statements, and except as set forth
in Schedule 3.1(j), (i) there have been no events, occurrences, or developments that have had or would reasonably be expected to have,
either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have not incurred any material
liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables, accrued expenses, and other liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice, and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company Financial Statements
pursuant to GAAP, (iii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have not altered materially their method of accounting or the manner in which
they keep their accounting books and records, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other
property to its shareholders or purchased, redeemed, or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, (v)
the Company and its Subsidiaries have not issued any equity to any Person, (vi) there has not been any material change or amendment to,
or any waiver of any material right by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under, any Material Contract under which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is bound or subject, and (vii) there has not been a material increase in the aggregate dollar amount of (A) the
Banks nonperforming loans (including nonaccrual loans and loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest) or (B) the
reserves or allowances established on and in respect to the Company Financial Statements. Since the date(s) the Company afforded the Purchasers
(i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning
the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares and the merits and risks of investing in the Shares, and (ii) access to information
about the Company and the Subsidiaries and their respective financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management,
prospects, and any potential transactions sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment, there have been no events, occurrences,
or developments that have materially affected or would reasonably be expected to materially affect, either individually or in the aggregate,
the information as presented to the Purchasers in connection with the offering of the Shares.

(k) Environmental
Matters. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) is or has been in violation of any Law of any Governmental Entity relating
to the use, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or relating to the protection or restoration of the environment or human
exposure to hazardous or toxic substances (collectively, Environmental Laws), (ii) is or has been liable for any
off-site disposal or contamination pursuant to any Environmental Laws, (iii) owns or operates, or owned or operated any real property
contaminated with any substance that is in violation of any Environmental Laws or (iv) is or has been subject to any claim relating to
any Environmental Laws; in each case, which violation, contamination, liability or claim has had or would reasonably be expected to be
material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and there is no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened investigation
that might lead to such a claim. Except as would not be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, there are and have been no
circumstances or conditions (including the presence of asbestos, underground storage tanks, lead products, polychlorinated biphenyls,
prior manufacturing operations, dry-cleaning or automotive services) involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any currently
or formerly owned or operated property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, that could reasonably be expected to result in any claim,
liability, investigation, cost or restriction against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or result in any restriction on the ownership,
use, or transfer of any property pursuant to any Environmental Law, or adversely affect the value of any currently owned property of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

18

(l) Litigation.
There is, and since December 31, 2022 has been, no Action pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened, which (i) adversely
affects or challenges the legality, validity, or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents, the issuance of Purchased Shares
pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, or the conversion of the Series A Preferred Shares into the Underlying
Shares, or (ii) is reasonably likely to be material to the Company or any Subsidiary, individually or in the aggregate, if there were
an unfavorable decision, and, to the Companys Knowledge, there is no indication that such matters are reasonably likely to arise
on or prior to the Closing. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(l), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the Companys
Knowledge any director or officer thereof with respect to such directors or officers service to or on behalf of the Company,
is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities Laws or a claim
of breach of fiduciary duty, nor is any Action, to the Companys Knowledge, currently threatened. There is no Action by the Company
or any Subsidiary pending or which the Company or any Subsidiary intends to initiate (other than collection or similar claims in the ordinary
course of business). There has not been, and to the Companys Knowledge there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation
by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any
stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under
the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. There are, and since December 31, 2022 have been, no outstanding orders, judgments, injunctions,
awards or decrees of any court, arbitrator or governmental or regulatory body against the Company or any executive officers or directors
of the Company in their capacities as such, which individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to be material to the
Company or any Subsidiary.

(m) Employment
Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(m), no labor dispute exists or, to the Companys Knowledge, is imminent with respect
to any of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary that would be, or would reasonably be expected to be, material to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries. None of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is a member of a union that relates to such employees
relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining
agreement, and the Company and each Subsidiary believes that its relationship with its employees is good. To the Companys Knowledge,
there is no activity involving any of the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries seeking to certify a collective bargaining
unit or similar organization. To the Companys Knowledge, no executive officer is in violation of any material term of any employment
contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement
or any restrictive covenant in favor of a third party, and to the Companys Knowledge, the continued employment of each such executive
officer does not subject the Company or any Subsidiary to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and
each of its Subsidiaries are and at all times since December 31, 2022 have been in compliance in all material respects with all Laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, immigration, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except
where the failure to be in compliance would not have or reasonably be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. No material
employee has given notice to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of his or her intent to terminate his or her employment or service
relationship with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company and its Subsidiaries are and at all times since December 31, 2022
have been in material compliance with all Laws concerning the classification of employees and independent contractors and have properly
classified all such individuals for purposes of participation in employee benefit plans.

19

(n) Compliance.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(n), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) are, and since December 31, 2022 have not
been, in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both,
would result in a default by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under), nor has the Company or any of its Subsidiaries received written
notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any Material Contract (whether or not such default or violation
has been waived), (ii) are, and since December 31, 2022 have not been, in violation of any order of which the Company has been made aware
in writing of any court, arbitrator, or governmental body having jurisdiction over the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective
properties or assets, (iii) are, and since December 31, 2022 have not been, in violation of, or in receipt of written notice that it is
in violation of, any statute, rule, regulation, policy, guideline, or order of any Governmental Entity or self-regulatory organization
(including the Principal Trading Market), applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or which would have the effect of revoking
or limiting FDIC deposit insurance, except in each case as would not reasonably be or have been expected to be material to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries.

(o) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries possess, and have possessed since December 31, 2022, all required certificates,
authorizations, consents, licenses, franchises, variances, exceptions, orders, approvals and permits issued by the appropriate Governmental
Entities with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries business, except where the failure to possess such certificates, authorizations,
consents, or permits, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and (i) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received any notice in writing of Proceedings relating to the revocation or material adverse modification of any such Material Permits,
and (ii) the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances that would give rise to the revocation or material adverse modification
of any Material Permits.

(p) Title
to Assets. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all real property and tangible personal property owned
by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in each case free and clear of all Liens,
except such as do not materially affect the value of such property or do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such
property by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting, and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the
use made and proposed to be made of such property and facilities by the Company and its Subsidiaries. No notice of a claim of default
by any party to any lease entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been delivered to either the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or is now pending, and there does not exist any event or circumstance that with notice or passing of time, or both, would
constitute a default or excuse performance by any party thereto. None of the owned or leased premises or properties of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any current or potential interests of third parties or other restrictions or limitations that would
impair or be inconsistent in any material respect with the current use of such property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as
the case may be.

20

(q) Intellectual
Property; Data Security. The Company and its Subsidiaries own, possess, license, or have other rights to use all foreign and domestic
patents, patent applications, trade and service marks, trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, inventions, trade
secrets, technology, Internet domain names, know-how, and other intellectual property (collectively, the Intellectual Property)
necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as now conducted or as proposed to be conducted free and clear of all Liens and
such Intellectual Property is valid, subsisting and enforceable, and is not subject to any outstanding order, judgment, decree or agreement
adversely affecting the Companys or its Subsidiaries use of, or rights to, such Intellectual Property, except where the
failure to own, possess, license, or have such rights would not have or reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries. Except where such violations or infringements would not be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (i) there
are no rights of third parties to any such owned Intellectual Property, (ii) to the Companys Knowledge, there is and has been no
infringement by third parties of any such Intellectual Property, (iii) there is no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened
Proceeding by others challenging the Companys and its Subsidiaries rights in or to any such Intellectual Property, (iv)
there is and since December 31, 2022 has been no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened Proceeding by others challenging
the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property, and (v) there is and since December 31, 2022 has been no pending or, to the Companys
Knowledge, threatened Proceeding by others that the Company and/or any Subsidiary infringes or otherwise violates any patent, trademark,
copyright, trade secret, or other proprietary rights of others. Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (A) the Company and its Subsidiaries are and at all times since December 31, 2022 have been in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws related to data privacy and data security, including the Gramm-Leach- Bliley
Act and (B) there has been no material loss or theft of data or security breach or unauthorized access or use relating to data (including
Personally Identifiable Information) in the possession, custody or control of the Company, the Bank or any of its other Subsidiaries.
(1) No claims have been asserted or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened in writing against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
relating to data security, privacy, or the storage, transfer, use or processing of data (including Personally Identifiable Information),
and (2) to the Companys Knowledge, the Company and its Subsidiaries are not, and since December 31, 2022 have not been, the subject
of any audits, investigations or other inquiries or Proceedings relating to data security, privacy, or the storage, transfer, use or processing
of data (including Personally Identifiable Information) from any Governmental Entity, in the case of clause (1) or clause (2).

(r) Insurance.
The Company and each of the Subsidiaries are, and following the Closing Date will remain, insured by insurers of recognized financial
responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as the Company reasonably believes to be prudent and customary in the
businesses and locations in which and where the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not been
refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for since December 31, 2022, and the Company and its Subsidiaries do not have any reason
to believe that they will not be able to renew their existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar
coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue their business at a cost that would not be material to the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries. All premiums due and payable under all such policies and bonds have been timely paid, and the Company and its Subsidiaries
are in material compliance with the terms of such policies and bonds. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any
notice of cancellation of any such insurance, nor, to the Companys Knowledge, will it or any Subsidiary be unable to renew their
respective existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be
necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not be materially higher than their existing insurance coverage. The Company (i)
maintains directors and officers liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance with financially sound and reputable
insurance companies with benefits and levels of coverage as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(r), (ii) has timely paid all premiums on such policies,
and (iii) there has been no lapse in coverage during the term of such policies.

21

(s) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except for the applicable Transaction Documents with the Lead Party and as set forth in Schedule 3.1(s),
none of the Affiliates, officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the Companys Knowledge, none of the employees
of the Company or any Subsidiary, is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary or to a presently contemplated
transaction (other than for services as employees, officers, and directors) that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404
of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act.

(t) Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain internal control over financial reporting (as such term
is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and have disclosed, based on its most recent
evaluation prior to the date of this Agreement, to the Companys independent registered public accounting firm and the audit committee
of the Board (A) any significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
that are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information,
and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Companys
internal control over financial reporting. Since December 31, 2022, (i) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys
Knowledge, any director, officer, employee, auditor, accountant or representative of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received
or otherwise had or obtained knowledge of any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, whether written or oral, regarding the
accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective internal
accounting controls, including any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has
engaged in questionable accounting or auditing practices, and (ii) no attorney representing the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether
or not employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has reported evidence of a violation of securities Laws, breach of fiduciary
duty or similar violation by the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of its officers, directors, employees or agents to the Board or any
committee thereof or to any director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. To the Companys Knowledge, since September
30, 2024, there have been no changes in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal
control over financial reporting.

(u) Certain
Fees. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(u), no Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
any valid right, interest, or claim against or upon the Company, any Subsidiary or any Purchaser for any commission, fee, or other compensation
pursuant to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding entered into by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(v) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2 of this Agreement
and the accuracy of the information disclosed in the Questionnaires, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer
and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers under the Transaction Documents. The issuance and sale of the Shares hereunder
does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Principal Trading Market.

(w) Registration
Rights. Other than as set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement or as set forth in Schedule 3.1(w), no Person has any right to
cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

22

(x) No
Objections. None of the Federal Reserve, the FDIC or the OCC has issued any order or taken any similar action preventing or suspending
the issuance or sale of the Purchased Shares to the Purchasers. The Company and the Bank have filed, and will continue to file, with the
Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the OCC, as applicable, any and all materials required to be filed by the Company or the Bank in connection
with the issuance and sale of the Securities.

(y) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
none of the Company, its Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any of its Affiliates or any Person acting on its behalf
has, directly or indirectly, at any time within the past six months, made any offers or sales of any Company security or solicited any
offers to buy any security under circumstances that would eliminate the availability of the exemption from registration under Regulation
D under the Securities Act in connection with the offer and sale by the Company of the Shares as contemplated hereby.

(z) Investment
Company. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to be registered as, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately
following the Closing will not be required to register as, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary sponsors any person that is such an investment company.

(aa) Unlawful Payments. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the Companys Knowledge, any directors, officers, employees, agents, or other Persons acting
at the direction of or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has, in the course of its actions for, or on behalf of, the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries (a) directly or indirectly, used any corporate funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment,
or other unlawful expenses relating to foreign or domestic political activity, (b) made any direct or indirect unlawful payments to any
foreign or domestic governmental officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(c) violated any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, or (d) made any other unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence
payment, kickback, or other material unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.

(bb) Application of Takeover Protections; Rights
Agreements. The Company has not adopted any shareholder rights plan or similar arrangement relating to accumulations of beneficial
ownership of its Common Stock or a Change in Control of the Company. The Company and the Board have taken all necessary action, if any,
in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights
agreement), or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Certificate of Incorporation or other organizational documents or the Laws
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or otherwise which is or could become applicable to Purchaser solely as a result of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Companys issuance of the Shares and any Purchasers ownership
of the Purchased Shares (each, a Takeover Law).

(cc) [Reserved].

(dd) No Undisclosed Liabilities. There are
no material liabilities or obligations of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries of any kind whatsoever, whether accrued, contingent,
absolute, determined, determinable, or otherwise, except for (i) liabilities appropriately reflected or reserved against in accordance
with GAAP in the Companys audited balance sheet or that are otherwise disclosed in the footnotes to the financial statements for
the year ended December 31, 2023, and (ii) liabilities that have arisen in the ordinary and usual course of business and consistent with
past practice since December 31, 2022.

23

(ee) Off Balance Sheet Arrangements. There
is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) and an unconsolidated or other
off-balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its Company Financial Statements and is not so disclosed.

(ff) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers
Purchase of Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length
purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Company further acknowledges
that each Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the
Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives
or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to such Purchasers
purchase of the Shares.

(gg) Regulation M Compliance. The Company
has not, and to the Companys Knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed
to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale
of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the securities
of the Company or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the
placement of the Shares.

(hh) OFAC. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee, Affiliate, or Person acting on behalf of the Company or
any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department
(OFAC); and the Company will not knowingly use the proceeds of the sale of the Purchased Shares towards any sales
or operations in Cuba, Iran, Syria, Sudan or any other country sanctioned by OFAC or for the purpose of financing the activities of any
Person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

(ii) Money
Laundering Laws. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(ii), the operations of each of the Company and any Subsidiary are in compliance
in all material respects with the money laundering statutes of applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and
any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any applicable Governmental Entity (collectively,
the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or Governmental Entity, authority
or body or any arbitrator involving the Company and/or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the
Companys Knowledge, threatened.

(jj) No Additional Agreements. The Company
has no agreements or understandings (including, without limitation, side letters) with any Person to purchase shares of Common Stock or
Series A Preferred Stock on terms more favorable to such Person than as set forth herein, other than Transaction Documents to be entered
into with the Lead Party and Co-Lead Investors on or prior to the Closing Date. Under the Transaction Documents, all Purchasers are paying
the same Purchase Price, provided, however, that the Lead Party and Co-Lead Investors may receive rights to Board representation,
and the Lead Party may receive the reimbursement for such Lead Partys due diligence, legal and other expenses.

24

(kk) Reports, Registrations and Statements.
Since December 31, 2022, the Company and each Subsidiary have filed all material reports, registrations, documents, filings, submissions
and statements, together with any required amendments thereto, that it was required to file with the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the OCC
and any other applicable foreign, federal or state securities or banking authorities. All such reports and statements filed with any such
regulatory body or authority are collectively referred to herein as the Company Reports. All such Company Reports
were filed on a timely basis or the Company or the applicable Subsidiary, as applicable, received a valid extension of such time of filing
and has filed any such Company Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the Company Reports
complied in all material respects with all the rules and regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the OCC and any other
applicable foreign, federal, or state securities or banking authorities, as the case may be.

(ll) Regulatory Capitalization. As of December
31, 2024, the Bank was considered less than well capitalized under the OCCs regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action (12 C.F.R. 6.4).

(mm) Intentionally omitted.

(nn) Compliance with Certain Banking Regulations.
To the Companys Knowledge, the Bank is in satisfactory compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA)
and the regulations promulgated thereunder or has not been assigned a CRA rating by federal or state banking regulators of lower than
satisfactory, (ii) is not operating in violation, in any material respect, of the Bank Secrecy Act, the Uniting and Strengthening
America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001, any order issued with respect
to anti-money laundering by OFAC, or any other anti-money laundering Law, (iii) is in satisfactory compliance, in any material respect,
with the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Flood Disaster Protection Act, the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, or (iv) is in satisfactory compliance,
in all material respects, with all applicable privacy of customer information requirements contained in any applicable federal and state
privacy Laws as well as the provisions of all information security programs adopted by the Bank or the Company.

(oo) No
General Solicitation or General Advertising. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any person acting on its behalf
has engaged or will engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities
Act) in connection with any offer or sale of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

(pp) Loan Portfolio.

(i) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or materially delay or materially
impair the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, each written or oral loan, loan agreement, note or borrowing arrangement
(including leases, credit enhancements, commitments, guarantees and interest-bearing assets) (collectively, Loans)
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) is evidenced by notes, agreements or other evidences of indebtedness that are true, genuine
and what they purport to be, (ii) to the extent carried on the books and records of the Company or its Subsidiaries as secured Loans,
has been secured by valid Liens, which have been perfected, (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, is the legal, valid and binding obligation
of the obligor named therein, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions and (iv) was solicited
and originated, and is and has been administered and, where applicable, serviced, in all material respects in accordance with the written
underwriting standards of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, and with all applicable laws, statutes, orders, rules, regulations,
policies and guidelines of any Governmental Entity;

25

(ii) 
None of the agreements pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has sold Loans or pools of Loans or participations in
Loans or pools of Loans contains any obligation to repurchase such Loans or interests therein solely on account of a payment default (other
than early payment defaults) by the obligor on any such Loan;

(iii) 
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(pp)(iii), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is now, nor has it ever been since January
1, 2022, subject to any material fine, suspension, settlement or other administrative agreement or sanction by any Governmental Entity
relating to the origination, sale or servicing of mortgage, commercial or consumer Loans;

(iv) 
All Loans which are classified as Insider Transactions by Regulation O of the Federal Reserve have been made by Company
and its Subsidiaries in an arms-length manner made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as
those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons and do not involve more than normal risk of collectability
or present other unfavorable features;

(v) 
To the knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default in the performance or observance of any obligation,
agreement, covenant or condition contained in any Loan to which it is a party (whether incurred or provided thereby) or by which it is
bound or to which any of its property or assets is subject, except for such defaults that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company;

(vi) 
Other than as may not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has complied
with in all material respects, and all documentation in connection with the origination, processing, underwriting and credit approval
of any Loan originated, purchased or serviced by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries satisfied in all material respects, (A) all applicable
Laws with respect to the origination, insuring, purchase, sale, pooling, servicing, subservicing or filing of claims in connection with
Loans, including all Laws relating to real estate settlement procedures, consumer credit protection, truth in lending Laws, usury limitations,
fair housing, transfers of servicing, collection practices, equal credit opportunity and adjustable rate mortgages, (B) the responsibilities
and obligations relating to Loans set forth in any contract or agreement between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any Agency,
Loan Investor or Insurer, (C) the applicable rules, regulations, guidelines, handbooks and other requirements of any Agency, Loan Investor
or Insurer, (D) the terms and provisions of any mortgage or other collateral documents and other Loan documents with respect to each Loan
and (E) the underwriting guidelines and other loan policies and procedures of the Company or its applicable Subsidiary;

26

(vii) 
Since December 31, 2022, no Agency, Loan Investor or Insurer has (A) claimed in writing that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has
violated or has not complied with the applicable underwriting standards with respect to Loans sold by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to a Loan Investor or Agency, or with respect to any sale of Loan servicing rights to a Loan Investor, (B) imposed in writing restrictions
on the activities (including commitment authority) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (C) indicated in writing to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries that it has terminated or intends to terminate its relationship with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
for poor performance, poor Loan quality or concern with respect to the Companys or any of its Subsidiarys compliance with
Laws; and

(viii) 
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(pp)(viii), the characteristics of the loan portfolio of the Company have not materially changed from
the characteristics of the loan portfolio of the Company as of December 31, 2022; and reserves for loan losses in such loan portfolio
are adequate and determined in accordance with GAAP and applicable regulatory standards.

For purposes of this Section 3.1(pp): (A) Agency
means the Federal Housing Administration, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, the Farmers Home Administration (now known as Rural
Housing and Community Development Services), the Federal National Mortgage Association, the United States Department of Veterans
Affairs, the Government National Mortgage Association, the Rural Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture or any other Governmental
Entity with authority to (i) determine any investment, origination, lending or servicing requirements with regard to Loans originated,
purchased or serviced by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) originate, purchase, or service Loans, or otherwise promote lending,
including state and local housing finance authorities; (B) Loan Investor means any person (including an Agency) having
a beneficial interest in any Loan originated, purchased or serviced by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or a security backed by
or representing an interest in any such Loan; and (C) Insurer means a person who insures or guarantees for the benefit
of the Loan holder all or any portion of the risk of loss upon borrower default on any of the Loans originated, purchased or serviced
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including the Federal Housing Administration, the United States Department of Veterans
Affairs, the Rural Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture and any private mortgage insurer, and providers of hazard, title
or other insurance with respect to such Loans or the related collateral.

(qq) Risk Management Instruments. Except
as set forth in Schedule 3.1(qq), the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place risk management policies and procedures sufficient in
scope and operation to protect against risks of the type and in amounts reasonably expected to be incurred by companies of similar size
and in similar lines of business as the Company and the Subsidiaries. Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, since December 31, 2022, all derivative instruments, including, swaps, caps, floors, and option agreements,
whether entered into for the Companys own account, or for the account of one or more of the Subsidiaries, were entered into (1)
only in the ordinary course of business, (2) in accordance with prudent practices and in all respects with all applicable Laws, and (3)
with counterparties believed to be financially responsible at the time, and each of them constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation
of the Company or one of the Subsidiaries, enforceable in accordance with its terms. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, nor, to
the Companys Knowledge, any other party thereto, is in breach of any of its obligations under any such agreement or arrangement.

(rr) Company Benefit Plans.

27

(i) Benefit
Plan means all material employee benefit plans, programs, agreements, contracts, policies, practices, or other arrangements
providing benefits to any current or former employee, officer, director or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
beneficiary or dependent thereof that is sponsored or maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries contributes or is obligated to contribute or is party, whether or not written, including any material employee
welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA),
any employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA (whether or not such plan is subject to ERISA)
and any material bonus, incentive, deferred compensation, vacation, stock purchase, stock option or equity award, equity-based severance,
employment, change of control, consulting or fringe benefit plan, program, agreement or policy. Each Benefit Plan is listed on Schedule
3.1(rr)(i). True and complete copies of all Benefit Plans listed on Schedule 3.1(rr)(i) have been made available to the Purchasers prior
to the date hereof.

(ii) With
respect to each Benefit Plan, (A) the Company and its Subsidiaries have complied, and are now in compliance in all material respects with
the applicable provisions of ERISA, and the Code and all other Laws and regulations applicable to such Benefit Plan and (B) each Benefit
Plan has been administered in all material respects in accordance with its terms. Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective ERISA Affiliates
has incurred any withdrawal liability as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from a multiemployer plan, as those terms are defined
in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA, that has not been satisfied in full. ERISA Affiliate means any entity,
trade or business, whether or not incorporated, which together with the Company and its Subsidiaries, would be deemed a single
employer within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA or Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.

(iii) Each
Benefit Plan which is subject to ERISA (an ERISA Plan) that is an employee pension benefit plan within
the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA (Pension Plan) and that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of
the Code is so qualified, has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS)
and, to the Companys Knowledge, nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, that could likely result in revocation
of any such favorable determination or opinion letter or the loss of the qualification of such Benefit Plan under Section 401(a) of the
Code. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in a transaction with respect to any ERISA Plan that, assuming the taxable
period of such transaction expired as of the date hereof, could subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to a material tax or material
penalty imposed by either Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502(i) of ERISA. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred
or reasonably expects to incur a material tax or penalty imposed by Section 4980F of the Code or Section 502 of ERISA.

(iv) Except
as set forth on Schedule 3.1(rr)(iv), neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA Affiliate (A) sponsors, maintains or
contributes to or has within the past six years sponsored, maintained or contributed to a Pension Plan that is subject to Subtitles C
or D of Title IV of ERISA or (B) sponsors, maintains or has any liability with respect to or an obligation to contribute to or has within
the past six years sponsored, maintained, had any liability with respect to, or had an obligation to contribute to a multiemployer
plan within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA.

28

(v) None
of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the issuance of Purchased Shares, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby will, whether alone or in connection with another event, (A) constitute a change in control or change of control
within the meaning of any Benefit Plan or result in any material payment or benefit (including severance, unemployment compensation, excess
parachute payment (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code), forgiveness of indebtedness or otherwise) becoming due to any
current or former employee, officer, director or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
under any Benefit Plan or any other agreement with any employee, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any employment or change in control
agreements, (B) result in payments under any of the Benefit Plans which would not be deductible under Section 162(m) or Section 280G of
the Code, (C) materially increase any compensation or benefits otherwise payable under any Benefit Plan, (D) result in any acceleration
of the time of payment or vesting of any such benefits, (E) require the funding or increase in the funding of any such benefits, or (F)
result in any limitation on the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to amend, merge, terminate or receive a reversion of assets
from any Benefit Plan or related trust.

(vi) There
is no material pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened, litigation relating to the Benefit Plans (other than claims for
benefits in the ordinary course). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any obligations for retiree health and life benefits
under any ERISA Plan or collective bargaining agreement, except for health continuation coverage as required by Section 4980B of the Code
or Part 6 of Title I of ERISA and at no expense to the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(vii) Except
as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and except for liabilities fully reserved for or identified in the Company
Financial Statements, there are no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened claims (other than claims for benefits in
the ordinary course), lawsuits or arbitrations which have been asserted or instituted against (A) the Benefit Plans, (B) any fiduciaries
thereof with respect to their duties to the Benefit Plans, or (C) the assets of any of the trusts under any of the Benefit Plans.

(ss) Assets. To the Companys Knowledge,
the amount of reserves and allowances for credit losses and other nonperforming assets, as set forth in the Banks call report dated
December 31, 2024 and last updated as of January 30, 2025, were appropriately established in accordance with GAAP and applicable regulatory
guidance as of the date of such call report, and such belief is reasonable under all the facts and circumstances known to the Company
and Bank.

(tt) No Change in Control. Except as set
forth in Schedule 3.1(tt), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any employment, Change in Control, severance,
or other compensatory agreement or any benefit plan pursuant to which the issuance of the Shares to the Purchasers as contemplated by
this Agreement would trigger a change of control or other similar provision in any of the agreements, which results in payments
to the counterparty or the acceleration of vesting of benefits.

(uu) Common Control. The Company is not
and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Shares, will not be under the control (as defined in the BHCA and the Federal
Reserves Regulation Y (12 C.F.R. Part 225) (BHCA Control)) of any company (as defined in the BHCA and the
Federal Reserves Regulation Y). The Company is not in BHCA Control of any federally insured depository institution other than the
Bank. The Bank is not under the BHCA Control of any company (as defined in the BHCA and the Federal Reserves Regulation Y) other
than Company. Except for the Companys ownership interest in the Bank, neither the Company nor the Bank controls, in the aggregate,
5% or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities, directly or indirectly, of any federally insured depository institution.
The Bank is not subject to the liability of any commonly controlled depository institution pursuant to Section 5(e) of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1815(e)).

29

(vv) Material Contracts. The Company has
made available to each Purchaser or its respective representatives, prior to the date hereof, true, correct, and complete copies of, and
listed on Schedule 3.1(vv), each Material Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or subject (whether written
or oral, express or implied) as of the date of this Agreement. Each Material Contract is a valid and binding obligation of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (as applicable) that is a party thereto and, to the Companys Knowledge, each other party to such Material
Contract, except for such failures to be valid and binding as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to be
material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Each such Material Contract is enforceable against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(as applicable) that is a party thereto and, to the Companys Knowledge, each other party to such Material Contract in accordance
with its terms (subject in each case to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws affecting the enforcement
of creditors rights generally and general equitable principles, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding
of law or at equity), except for such failures to be enforceable as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected
to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the Companys
Knowledge, any other party to a Material Contract, is in material default or material breach of a Material Contract and there does not
exist any event, condition or omission that would constitute such a default or breach (whether by lapse of time or notice or both), in
each case, except as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(ww) No Bad Actor Disqualification.
The Company has exercised reasonable care, in accordance with Commission rules and guidance, and has conducted a factual inquiry including
the procurement of relevant questionnaires from each Covered Person (as defined below) or other means, the nature and scope of which reflect
reasonable care under the relevant facts and circumstances, to determine whether any Covered Person is subject to any of the bad
actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (Disqualification Events).
To the Companys Knowledge, after conducting such sufficiently diligent factual inquiries, no Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event, except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) under the Securities Act. The Company has complied, to
the extent applicable, with any disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e) under the Securities Act. Covered Persons
are those persons specified in Rule 506(d)(1) under the Securities Act, including the Company, any predecessor or affiliate of the Company,
any director, executive officer, other officer participating in the offering, general partner or managing member of the Company, any beneficial
owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, any promoter
(as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of the sale of the Shares, and
any person that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale
of the Securities (a Solicitor), any general partner or managing member of any Solicitor, and any director, executive
officer or other officer participating in the offering of any Solicitor or general partner or managing member of any Solicitor.

(xx) Knowledge
as to Conditions. To the Companys Knowledge, there is no reason why it would be reasonable to expect that any regulatory approvals
and, to the extent necessary, any other approvals, authorizations, filings, registrations, and notices required or otherwise a condition
to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents will not be obtained.

30

(yy) Shell Company Status. The Company is
not, and has never been, an issuer identified in Rule 144(i)(1).

(zz) Full Disclosure. Subject to Section
6.20 of this Agreement, to the Companys Knowledge, no representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents, and no statement contained in the Disclosure Schedules hereto, contains any untrue statement of a material
fact, or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading.

(bbb) No Other Representations or Warranties.
The Company has not made and does not make any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other
than those specifically set forth in this Section 3.1. In particular, without limiting the foregoing disclaimer, neither the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries nor any other person makes or has made any representation or warranty to the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates
or representatives, except for the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Article III, with respect to (i) any financial
projection, forecast, estimate, budget or prospective information relating to the Company, the Bank or any of the Companys other
Subsidiaries or their respective businesses or (ii) any oral or written information presented to the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates
or representatives in the course of their due diligence investigation of the Company, the negotiation of this Agreement or in the course
of the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 3.2 Representations and Warranties of
the Purchasers. Each Purchaser hereby, for itself and for no other Purchaser, represents and warrants as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows:

(a) Organization;
Authority. If such Purchaser is an entity, it is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction
of its organization with the requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other power and authority to enter into and
to consummate the transactions contemplated by the applicable Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder
and thereunder. If such Purchaser is an entity, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and performance by such Purchaser of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or, if such Purchaser is not a corporation,
such partnership, limited liability company or other applicable like action, on the part of such Purchaser, and no further approval or
authorization by any of such persons, as the case may be, is required. This Agreement has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when
delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser,
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, or similar Laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights
and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

(b) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery, and performance by such Purchaser of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and
the consummation by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational
documents of such Purchaser, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would
become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture,
or instrument to which such Purchaser is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any Law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, or decree
(including federal and state securities Laws) applicable to such Purchaser, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such
conflicts, defaults, rights, or violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the ability of such Purchaser to perform its obligations hereunder.

31

(c) Investment
Intent. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under
the Securities Act or any applicable state securities Law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with
a view to, or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities Laws, provided, however, that by making the representations herein, such Purchaser does not agree to hold any of the Securities
for any minimum period of time and reserves the right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Securities
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or under an exemption from such registration and in compliance
with applicable federal and state securities Laws. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its
business. Such Purchaser does not presently have any agreement, plan, or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute
or effect any distribution of any of the Securities (or any securities which are derivatives thereof) to or through any person or entity.
Such Purchaser is not a registered broker dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act or an entity engaged in a business that would require
it to be so registered as a broker dealer.

(d) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and at the date hereof it is, an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act. Such Purchaser has provided the information in the Accredited Investor Questionnaire
attached hereto as Exhibit B, and the information contained therein is complete and accurate as of the date thereof,
as of the date hereof, and as of the Closing Date.

(e) Residency.
Such Purchasers office in which its investment decision with respect to the Securities was made is located at the address for such
Purchaser set forth under such Purchasers name on the signature page hereof.

(f) Experience
of Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication, and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is capable of protecting its own interests in connection
with this investment and has experience as an investor in securities of companies like the Company. Such Purchaser is able to hold the
Securities indefinitely if required, is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities, and, at the present time, is
able to afford a complete loss of such investment. Further, Purchaser understands that no representation is being made as to the future
trading value or trading volume of the Securities.

(g) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser is sufficiently aware of the Companys business affairs and financial condition to reach an informed
and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Securities. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Disclosure
Materials and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from,
management and representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and
risks of investing in the Securities and any such questions have been answered to such Purchasers reasonable satisfaction; (ii)
access to information about the Company and the Subsidiaries and their respective financial condition, results of operations, business,
properties, management, and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional
information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment
decision with respect to the investment. The Purchaser has received all information it deems appropriate for assessing the risk of an
investment in the Securities. Neither such inquiries nor any other investigation conducted by or on behalf of such Purchaser or its representatives
or counsel shall modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the representations and warranties contained in the Transaction
Documents. Purchaser acknowledges that the Company has not made any representation, express or implied, with respect to the accuracy,
completeness, or adequacy of any available information except that the Company has made the express representations and warranties contained
in Section 3.1 of this Agreement,

32

(h) Independent
Investment Decision. Such Purchaser has independently evaluated the merits of its decision to invest in the Securities pursuant to
the Transaction Documents, and such Purchaser confirms that it has not relied on the advice of the Company (or any of its agents, counsel,
or Affiliates) or any other Purchaser or other Purchasers business and/or legal counsel in making such decision. Such Purchaser
understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser in connection
with the investment in the Securities constitutes legal, regulatory, tax, or investment advice. Such Purchaser has consulted such legal,
tax, and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its investment in the
Securities. Such Purchaser has not relied on the business, legal, or regulatory advice of the Companys agents, counsel, or Affiliates
in making its investment decision hereunder, and confirms that none of such Persons has made any representations or warranties to such
Purchaser in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(i) Reliance
on Exemptions. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions
from the registration requirements of U.S. federal and state securities laws, and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and
accuracy of, and such Purchasers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements, and understandings
of such Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of such Purchaser to
acquire the Securities.

(j) No
Governmental Review. Such Purchaser understands that no U.S. federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency
has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities
nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities
are not savings accounts, deposits or other obligations of any bank and are not insured by the FDIC, including the FDICs Deposit
Insurance Fund, or any other governmental entity.

(k) Trading.
Such Purchaser acknowledges that there is a limited trading market for the Common Stock and that there will be no trading market for the
Series A Preferred Stock.

(l) Knowledge
as to Conditions. Such Purchaser does not know of any reason why any regulatory approvals and, to the extent necessary, any other
approvals, authorizations, filings, registrations, and notices required or otherwise a condition to the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will not be obtained, solely with respect to facts or circumstances related to such Purchaser.

(m) Reliance.
The Company will be entitled to rely upon this Agreement and is irrevocably authorized to produce this Agreement or a copy hereof to (i)
any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction over the Company and its Affiliates, and (ii) any interested party in any Proceeding with
respect to the matters covered hereby, in each case, to the extent required by any Governmental Entity to which the Company is subject,
provided that the Company provides the Purchaser with prior written notice of such disclosure to the extent practicable and allowed by
applicable Law.

33

(n) Certain
Fees. No Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any valid right, interest, or claim against
or upon the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, or any Purchaser for any commission, fee, or other compensation pursuant to any agreement,
arrangement, or understanding entered into by or on behalf of such Purchaser.

(o) No
General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not investing in the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice, or other
communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or
presented at any seminar or any other form of general solicitation or general advertising (as such terms are
used in Regulation D).

(p) No
Agreements. Such Purchaser has not entered into any agreements with shareholders of the Company or other subscribers (i) for the purpose
of controlling the Company or any Subsidiary or (ii) regarding voting or transferring Purchasers interest in the Company.

(p) Antitrust
and Other Consents, Filings, Etc. Assuming the accuracy of the Companys representations and warranties regarding its capitalization,
no approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Entity or authority
or any other person or entity in respect of any law or regulation, including the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976,
as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, is necessary or required to be obtained or made by such Purchaser, and no lapse
of a waiting period under law applicable to such Purchaser is necessary or required, in each case in connection with the execution, delivery,
or performance by such Purchaser of this Agreement or the investment in the Securities contemplated hereby, other than passivity or anti-association
commitments or other documentation that may be required by the Federal Reserve or other federal or state banking authority and except
for such schedules or statements required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 13D-G of the Exchange Act.

(q) Financial
Capability. At the Closing, such Purchaser shall have available funds necessary to consummate the Closing on the terms and conditions
contemplated by this Agreement.

(r) Regulation M.
Such Purchaser is aware that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of Securities and other
activities with respect to the Securities by the Purchasers.

(s) Beneficial
Ownership. Subject to the accuracy of the Companys representation in Section 3.1(g), the purchase by such Purchaser
of the Securities issuable to it at the Closing will not result in such Purchaser (including its Affiliates or any other Persons with
which it is acting in concert or whose holdings would otherwise be required to be aggregated for purposes of the BHC Act or the CIBC Act)
acquiring, or obtaining the right to acquire, more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the voting securities of the
Company or such amount of the voting securities and/or nonvoting securities of the Company that would constitute control
under the BHC Act or the CIBC Act on a post transaction basis that assumes that such Closing shall have occurred. Such Purchaser does
not presently intend to, alone or together with others, make a public filing with the Commission to disclose that it has (or that it together
with such other Persons have) acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, as a result of such Closing (when added to any other securities
of the Company that it or they then own or have the right to acquire), more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the
voting securities of Company or such amount of the voting securities and/or nonvoting securities of the Company that would constitute
control under the BHC Act or the CIBC Act of the Company on a post transaction basis that assumes that such Closing shall
have occurred.

34

(t) No
Other Representation. Such Purchaser has not made and does not make any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in this Section 3.2.

ARTICLE IV 

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 

Section 4.1 Transfer Restrictions.

(a) Compliance
with Laws. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IV, each Purchaser covenants that the Purchased Shares and the
Underlying Shares may be disposed of only pursuant to an effective registration statement under, and in compliance with the requirements
of, the Securities Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements
of the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable state, federal or foreign securities Laws. In connection with any transfer
of the Purchased Shares or Underlying Shares other than (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement, (ii) to the Company or (iii)
pursuant to Rule 144 (provided that the transferor provides the Company with reasonable assurances (in the form of a seller representation
letter and, if applicable, a broker representation letter) that such securities may be sold pursuant to such rule), the Company may require
the transferor thereof to provide to the Company and the Transfer Agent, at the transferors expense, an opinion of counsel selected
by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Transfer Agent, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company and the Transfer Agent, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such Securities
under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer (other than pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of the preceding sentence), any
such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights of a Purchaser under this
Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, if applicable, with respect to such transferred Shares.

(b) Legends.
Certificates evidencing the Securities shall bear any legend as required by the blue sky laws of any state and a restrictive
legend in substantially the following form, until such time as they are not required under Section 4.1(c) or applicable Law:

THE ISSUANCE OF THESE SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933 (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD,
TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (B)
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR BLUE SKY LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY
AND ITS TRANSFER AGENT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT (PROVIDED THAT THE TRANSFEROR PROVIDES THE COMPANY WITH
REASONABLE ASSURANCES (IN THE FORM OF A SELLER REPRESENTATION LETTER AND, IF APPLICABLE, A BROKER REPRESENTATION LETTER) THAT THE SECURITIES
MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO SUCH RULE).

35

(c) Removal
of Legends. Upon the request of the holder, the restrictive legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) above shall be removed and the
Company shall issue a certificate or book entry shares without such restrictive legend or any other restrictive legend to the holder of
the applicable Securities upon which it is stamped, if (i) such Securities are registered for resale under the Securities Act, (ii) such
Securities are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, or (iii) such Securities are eligible for sale under Rule 144, without the requirement
for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable)
as to such securities and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions. Following the earlier of (i) the Effective Date or (ii) Rule
144 becoming available for the resale of Securities, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public
information required under Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable) as to the Securities and without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions, the Company, upon the written request of the holder, shall instruct the Transfer Agent to remove the legend from the Securities
and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its counsel to issue any legend removal opinion required by the Transfer Agent within
five (5) Business Days of such written request. Any fees (with respect to the Company or the Transfer Agent, attorneys fees or
otherwise) associated with the issuance of such opinion or the removal of such legend shall be borne by the Company. If a legend is no
longer required pursuant to the foregoing, the Company will (A) remove all restrictive legends from shares that are held in book entry
form and (B) no later than five (5) Trading Days following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Transfer Agent (with notice to the Company)
of a legended certificate representing such Securities (endorsed or with stock powers attached, signatures guaranteed, and otherwise in
form necessary to affect the reissuance and/or transfer) and a representation letter to the extent required by Section 4.1(a) deliver
or cause to be delivered to Purchaser a certificate representing such Securities that is free from all restrictive legends. Except to
the extent required by Law, the Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge
the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4.1(c).

(d) The Company
shall cooperate, in accordance with reasonable and customary business practices with any and all transfers, whether by direct or indirect
sale, assignment, award, confirmation, distribution, bequest, donation, trust, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or other transfer or
disposition, for consideration or otherwise, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, by the Purchasers
or any of their respective successors and assigns of the Shares and other shares of Common Stock such party may beneficially own prior
to or subsequent to the date hereof.

Section 4.2 Acknowledgment of Dilution.
The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Company
further acknowledges that its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation its obligation to issue the Securities
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are unconditional (except as otherwise set forth herein), absolute and not subject to any right
of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against
any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other shareholders of the Company.

Section 4.3 Directors and Officers
Insurance. For a period of six (6) years after the Closing Date, the Company shall cause to be maintained in effect the current policies
of directors and officers liability insurance maintained by the Company (provided, that the Company may substitute therefor
policies with a substantially comparable insurer of at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions which are no
less advantageous to the insured) with respect to claims against the present and former officers and directors of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries arising from facts or events which occurred at or before the Closing Date (including the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement).

Section 4.4 Form D and Blue Sky. The Company
agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Purchased Shares as required under Regulation D. The Company, on or before the Closing
Date, shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for or to qualify
the Purchased Shares for sale to the Purchasers at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or Blue Sky
Laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification). The Company shall make all filings and reports
relating to the offer and sale of the Purchased Shares required under applicable securities or Blue Sky Laws of the states
of the United States following the Closing Date.

36

Section 4.5 No Integration. The Company
shall not, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that no Affiliate of the Company shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit
offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that will be integrated
with the offer or sale of the Purchased Shares in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of
the Purchased Shares to the Purchasers.

Section 4.6 Intentionally omitted.

Section 4.7 Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification
of Purchasers. In addition to any other indemnity provided in the Transaction Documents, if applicable, the Company will indemnify
and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees, agents, and investment advisors (and
any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other
title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange
Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners, employees, agents, or investment advisors (and any other Persons
with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling
person (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies,
damages, costs, and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs, and reasonable attorneys fees
and costs of investigation (collectively, Losses) that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of
(i) any material breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants, or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in
the other Transaction Documents; provided, however, that the Purchaser Party must notify the Company of such breach that
constitutes a material breach that the Purchaser Party maintains would trigger the indemnification rights and claims outlined in this
paragraph within thirty (30) days of knowledge of such breach; (ii) any action instituted against a Purchaser Party in any capacity, or
any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any shareholder of the Company who is not an affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect
to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and (iii) any action or investigation instituted against a Purchaser Party
in any capacity, or any of them, by any Governmental Entity, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Any
indemnification payment made pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as an adjustment to purchase price for Tax purposes, except as
otherwise required by Law or deemed impermissible under GAAP. Such payment shall not result in an adjustment to the value of the original
investment reported by the Company under GAAP.

(b) Third
Party Claims. Promptly after receipt by any Purchaser Party (each, an Indemnified Party) of notice of any demand,
claim, or circumstances which would or might give rise to a claim or the commencement of any Action in respect of which indemnity may
be sought pursuant to Section 4.7(a), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing and the Company may assume the
defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party, and shall assume the payment of
all fees and expenses; provided, however, that the failure of any Indemnified Party so to notify the Company shall not relieve
the Company of its obligations hereunder except to the extent that the Company is actually and materially and adversely prejudiced by
such failure to notify. In any such Action, any Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses
of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party unless (i) the Company and the Indemnified Party shall have mutually
agreed to the retention of such counsel, (ii) the Company shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Action and to employ
counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in such Action, or (iii) in the reasonable judgment of counsel to such Indemnified
Party, representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between
them; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (plus
local counsel, if reasonably necessary) at any time for each group of Affiliated Indemnified Parties. The Company shall not be liable
for any settlement of any Action effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.
Without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, the Company shall not effect any settlement of any pending or threatened Action
in respect of which any Indemnified Party is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified
Party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability arising out of such Action.

37

(c) 
Sole and Exclusive Remedy. The indemnity provided for in this Section 4.7 shall be the sole and exclusive monetary remedy
of Indemnified Parties after the Closing for any inaccuracy of any representation or warranty or any other breach of any covenant or agreement
contained in this Agreement; provided that nothing herein shall limit in any way any such partys remedies in respect of fraud or
willful misconduct by any other party in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. No party to this Agreement (or any of its
Affiliates) shall, in any event, be liable or otherwise responsible to any other party (or any of its Affiliates) for any consequential
or punitive damages of such other party (or any of its Affiliates) arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the performance or
breach hereof.

Section 4.8 Use of Proceeds. The Company
intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital,
capital expenditures, and the contribution of a material portion of the proceeds to the Bank, as additional capital.

Section 4.9 Limitation on Beneficial Ownership.
No Purchaser (and its Affiliates or any other Persons with which it is acting in concert) shall be entitled to purchase a number of Common
Shares that would result in such Purchaser becoming, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner (as determined under Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act) at the Closing of more than 9.99% of the number of shares of the Companys voting securities issued and outstanding.

Section 4.10 Anti-Takeover Matters. If any
Takeover Law may become, or may purport to be, applicable to the transactions contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, the Company
and the Board shall grant such approvals and take such actions as are necessary so that the transactions contemplated or permitted by
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents may be consummated, as promptly as practicable, on the terms contemplated by this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, and otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the effects of any Takeover Law on
any of the transactions contemplated or permitted by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

Section 4.11 No Additional Issuances. Between
the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, except for the Shares being issued pursuant to this Agreement and Transaction Documents
with other Purchasers, the Company shall not issue or agree to issue any additional shares of Common Stock or other securities that provide
the holder thereof the right to convert such securities into, or acquire, shares of Common Stock. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing
in this Section 4.11 shall restrict the Company from issuing securities in response or pursuant to an order or directive by the
Federal Reserve with respect to capital adequacy.

38

Section 4.12 Conduct of Business Pending Closing.
From the date hereof until the earlier of the Closing Date or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, except as
contemplated or permitted by this Agreement (including as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules), required by Law or as consented to in
writing by the Purchaser (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) the Company will, and will cause its Subsidiaries,
to operate their business in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and to use commercially reasonable efforts
to preserve intact the current business organization of the Company, to retain the services of their officers, employees, consultants
and agents, preserve its rights and permits issued by governmental authorities, preserve the current relationships of the Company and
its Subsidiaries with material customers and other Persons with whom the Company and its Subsidiaries have and intend to maintain significant
relations and maintain all of its operating assets in their current condition (normal wear and tear excepted), and not take any action
that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.13 Avoidance of Control.

(a) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no Purchaser (together with its Affiliates (as such term is used under the BHCA)) shall have
the ability to purchase or exercise any voting rights of any securities in excess of 9.99% of the outstanding shares of any class of voting
securities of the Company.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall take any action (including, without limitation,
any redemption, repurchase, rescission or recapitalization of Common Stock, or securities or rights, options or warrants to purchase Common
Stock, or securities of any type whatsoever that are, or may become, convertible into or exchangeable into or exercisable for Common Stock
in each case, where each Purchaser is not given the right to participate in such redemption, repurchase, rescission, or recapitalization
to the extent of such Purchasers pro rata proportion) that would reasonably be expected to pose a substantial risk that (a) a Purchasers
equity securities of the Company (together with equity securities owned by such Purchasers affiliates (as such term is used under
the BHCA) would exceed 33.3% of the Companys total equity or (b) a Purchasers ownership of any class of voting securities
of the Company (together with the ownership by such Purchasers affiliates (as such term is used under the BHCA) of voting securities
of the Company) would (i) exceed 9.99%, in each case without the prior written consent of such Purchaser and receipt of any required Bank
Regulatory Approvals, or (ii) increase to an amount that would constitute control under the BHCA, the CIBC Act, any applicable
provisions of the Laws of the State of Connecticut, or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder (or any successor provisions) or
otherwise cause such Purchaser to control the Company under and for purposes of the BHCA, the CIBC Act, any applicable provisions
of the Laws of the State of Connecticut, or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder (or any successor provisions). Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no Purchaser (together with its respective Affiliates (as such term is used under the BHCA))
shall have the ability to purchase more than 33.3% of the Companys total equity or exercise any voting rights of any class of securities
in excess of 9.99% of any outstanding class of voting securities of the Company.

(c) In the
event either the Company or any Purchaser breaches its obligations under this Section 4.13, or believes that it is reasonably likely
to breach such an obligation, it shall promptly notify the other party hereto and shall cooperate in good faith with such other party
to promptly modify any ownership or make other arrangements or take any other action, in each case, as is necessary to cure or avoid such
breach; provided that no such modification shall require any Purchaser to increase or decrease its ownership interest in the Company without
the consent of such other Purchaser.

39

Section 4.14 No Change of Control. The Company
shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain all necessary irrevocable waivers, adopt any required amendments and make all appropriate
determinations so that the issuance of the Shares to the Purchasers will not trigger a change of control or other similar
provision in any Material Contracts and any employment, change in control, severance or other employee or director compensation
agreements or any benefit plan of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which results in payments to the counterparty or the acceleration
of vesting of benefits. Prior to Closing, the Company shall not and shall not agree to, enter into or entered into (A) any agreement or
transaction in order to raise capital, or (B) any transaction that resulted in, or would result in if consummated, a Change in Control
of the Company, in each case, other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents with the Purchasers.

Section 4.15 Reporting Obligations. For
so long as the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts
to timely file with the Commission (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) such reports
and information required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act. If the Company is not subject to such reporting requirements, it agrees
to use reasonable best efforts to provide to each Purchaser quarterly unaudited financial statements for the first, second and third fiscal
quarter, within 45 days of the end of each fiscal quarter, and annual audited financial statements, within 120 days of the end of each
fiscal year.

Section 4.16 Filings; Other Actions. Each
Purchaser, with respect to itself only, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, will reasonably cooperate and consult with
the other and use commercially reasonable efforts to provide all necessary and customary information and data, to prepare and file all
necessary and customary documentation, to effect all necessary and customary applications, notices, petitions, filings and other documents,
to provide evidence of non-control of the Company and the Bank, as requested by the applicable Governmental Entity, including executing
and delivering to the applicable Governmental Entities customary passivity commitments, disassociation commitments, and commitments not
to act in concert, with respect to the Company or the Bank, and to obtain all necessary and customary permits, consents, orders, approvals,
and authorizations of, or any exemption by, all third parties and Governmental Entities, in each case, (i) necessary or advisable to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to perform the covenants contemplated by this Agreement, in each case required by
it, and (ii) with respect to a Purchaser, to the extent typically provided by such Purchaser to such third parties or Governmental Entities,
as applicable, under such Purchasers policies consistently applied, to the extent such Purchaser has such policies, and subject
to such confidentiality requests as such Purchaser may reasonably seek. Each of the parties hereto shall execute and deliver both before
and after the Closing such further certificates, agreements, and other documents and take such other actions as the other parties may
reasonably request to consummate or implement such transactions or to evidence such events or matters, subject, in each case, to clauses
(i) and (ii) of the first sentence of this Section 4.16. Each Purchaser, with respect to itself only, and the Company will have
the right to review in advance, and to the extent practicable each will consult with the other, in each case subject to applicable Laws
relating to the exchange of information (other than confidential information related to such Purchaser and any of its respective Affiliates),
which appears in any filing made with, or written materials submitted to, any third party or any Governmental Entity in connection with
the transactions to which it will be party contemplated by this Agreement; provided that (i) for the avoidance of doubt, no Purchaser
shall have the right to review any such information relating to another Purchaser and (ii) a Purchaser shall not be required to disclose
to the Company or any other Purchaser any information that is confidential and proprietary to such Purchaser, its Affiliates, its investment
advisors, or its or their control persons or equity holders. In exercising the foregoing right, the parties hereto agree to act reasonably
and as promptly as practicable. Each Purchaser, with respect to itself only, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, agrees
to keep each other reasonably apprised of the status of matters referred to in this Section 4.16. Each Purchaser, with respect
to itself only, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, shall promptly furnish each other with copies of written communications
received by it or its Affiliates from, or delivered by any of the foregoing to, any Governmental Entity in respect of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement; provided, that the party delivering any such document may redact any confidential information contained
therein or information that cannot be shared under applicable Laws. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 4.16 or elsewhere
in this Agreement to the contrary, no Purchaser shall be required to provide to any Person pursuant to this Agreement any of its, its
Affiliates, its investment advisors or its or their control persons or equity holders nonpublic, proprietary,
personal, or otherwise confidential information including the identities or financial condition of limited partners, shareholders, or
non-managing members of such Purchaser or its Affiliates or their investment advisors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 4.16, no Purchaser shall be required to perform any of the above actions if such performance would constitute or could
reasonably be expected to result in any restriction or condition that such Purchaser determines, in its reasonable good faith judgment,
(i) is materially and unreasonably burdensome, or (ii) would reduce the benefits of the transactions contemplated hereby to such Purchaser
to such a degree that such Purchaser would not have entered into this Agreement had such condition or restriction been known to it on
the date of this Agreement (any such condition or restriction, a Burdensome Condition); for the avoidance of doubt,
any requirement to disclose the identities or financial condition of limited partners, shareholders, or non-managing members of such Purchaser
or its Affiliates or its investment advisers shall be deemed a Burdensome Condition unless otherwise determined by such Purchaser in its
sole discretion.

40

Section 4.17 Notice of Certain Events. Each
party hereto shall promptly notify the other party hereto of (a) any event, condition, fact, circumstance, occurrence, transaction or
other item of which such party becomes aware prior to the Closing that would constitute a violation or breach of the Transaction Documents
(or a breach of any representation or warranty contained herein or therein) or, if the same were to continue to exist as of the Closing
Date, would constitute the non-satisfaction of any of the conditions set forth in Section 5.1 or 5.2 hereof, and (b) any
event, condition, fact, circumstance, occurrence, transaction or other item of which such party becomes aware that would have been required
to have been disclosed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement had such event, condition, fact, circumstance, occurrence, transaction
or other item existed as of the date hereof; provided that delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 4.17 shall not modify
the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or obligations of the parties (or remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions
to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement.

Section 4.18 Shareholder Litigation. The
Company shall promptly inform the Purchasers of any Proceeding (Shareholder Litigation) against the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any of the past or present executive officers or directors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is threatened
in writing or initiated by or on behalf of any shareholder of the Company in connection with or relating to the transactions contemplated
hereby or by the Transaction Documents. The Company shall consult with the Purchasers and keep the Purchasers informed of all material
filings and developments relating to any such Shareholder Litigation.

Section 4.19 Corporate Opportunities. Each
of the parties hereto acknowledges that any Co-Lead Investor and its Affiliates and related investment funds may review the business plans
and related proprietary information of any enterprise, including enterprises that may have products or services that compete directly
or indirectly with those of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and may trade in the securities of such enterprise in compliance with applicable
securities laws. None of the Co-Lead Investors, any Affiliates thereof, any related investments funds or any of their respective Affiliates
shall be precluded or in any way restricted from investing or participating in any particular enterprise, or trading in the securities
thereof whether or not such enterprise has products or services that compete with those of the Company and its Subsidiaries. The parties
expressly acknowledge and agree that: (a) the Co-Lead Investors, any Affiliates thereof, any related investment funds, and any of their
respective Affiliates have the right to, and shall have no duty (contractual or otherwise) not to, directly or indirectly, engage in the
same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company and its Subsidiaries; and (b) in the event that any Co-Lead Investor,
any Affiliate of any Co-Lead Investor, any related investment funds or any of their respective Affiliates acquires knowledge of a potential
transaction or matter that may be a corporate opportunity for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Co-Lead Investors, Affiliates
of the Co-Lead Investors, any related investment funds or any of their respective Affiliates shall have no duty (contractual or otherwise)
to communicate or present such corporate opportunity to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and, notwithstanding any provision of
this Agreement to the contrary, shall not be liable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or shareholders of the Company for breach
of any duty (contractual or otherwise) by reason of the fact that such Co-Lead Investor, any Affiliate thereof, any related investment
fund thereof or any of their respective Affiliates, directly or indirectly, pursues or acquires such opportunity for itself, directs such
opportunity to another person, or does not present such opportunity to the Company.

41

Section 4.20 Board
Representative(s).

(a) Following
the Closing, the Company will promptly cause an individual designated by each of the Co-Lead Investors who, together with Affiliates of
such Co-Lead Investor (collectively, a Designating Purchaser; and each of the individuals designated by the Designating
Purchasers, a Board Representative and collectively the Board Representatives), holds, in the
aggregate, shares of Common Stock equal to at least 4.9% of shares of Common Stock then outstanding (the Minimum Ownership Interest)
to be elected or appointed to the Board, subject to satisfactory completion of the Boards due diligence and the satisfaction of
all legal and regulatory requirements regarding service and election or appointment as a director of the Company; provided that the right
of each Designating Purchaser to designate a Board Representative will continue only so long as such Designating Purchaser continues to
hold the Minimum Ownership Interest. In addition, each Designating Purchaser shall have the right to designate a Board Representative
for the Bank Board for three years following the Closing and the Company will cause such Board Representative to be elected or appointed
to the Bank Board, subject to satisfactory completion of the Boards due diligence and the satisfaction of all legal and regulatory
requirements regarding service and election or appointment of such Board Representative as a director of the Bank Board. For so long as
any Designating Purchaser holds a Minimum Ownership Interest, the Company will recommend to its shareholders the election of the Board
Representative designated by such Designating Purchaser to the Board at all of the Companys meetings of shareholders at which such
Board Representatives class of Board members are to be elected, subject to satisfaction of all legal requirements regarding service
and election or appointment as a director of the Company. If a Designating Purchaser no longer holds a Minimum Ownership Interest, such
Designating Purchaser (i) shall promptly notify the Company of such fact, (ii) will have no further rights under Section 4.20(a)
through (c), and (iii) at the written request of the Board, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Board Representative
designated by such Designating Purchaser to resign from the Board and the Bank Board as promptly as possible thereafter. If the Board
Representative designated by a Co-Lead Investor is not elected or appointed to the Board at the next annual or special meeting of shareholders
of the Company held after the Closing, then such Co-Lead Investor shall have the right to appoint one non-voting observer to attend all
Board meetings, receive materials provided to the Board and participate in Board discussions, subject to such observer entering into a
customary confidentiality agreement with the Company; provided, however, that such non-voting observer shall be excluded
from Board meetings and discussions in which confidential supervisory information (including confidential supervisory information
as defined in 12 C.F.R. 261.2(b), non-public OCC information as defined in 12 C.F.R. 4.32(b) and exempt
information as defined in 12 C.F.R. 309.5(g)) is discussed and shall not receive Board materials that would disclose confidential
supervisory information.

42

(b) Subject
to applicable Law and requirements set forth in Section 4.20(a), each Board Representative shall be one of the Companys
nominees to serve on the Board. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to have each Board Representative elected as a director
of the Company by the shareholders of the Company, and the Company shall solicit proxies for the Board Representatives to the same extent
as it does for any of its other Company nominees to the Board.

(c) Subject
to Section 4.20(a), upon the death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, or removal from office as a member of the Board
or the Bank Board of any Board Representative, the Designating Purchaser that designated such Board Representative shall have the right
to designate the replacement for such Board Representative, provided such replacement satisfies all legal and regulatory requirements
regarding service and election or appointment as a director of the Board and the Bank Board and satisfactorily completes the Boards
due diligence process. Each of the Board and the Bank Board shall use its reasonable best efforts to take all action required to fill
the vacancy resulting therefrom with such person (including such person, subject to applicable Law, being one of the Companys nominees
to serve on the Board), using reasonable best efforts to have such person elected as director of the Company by the shareholders of the
Company and the Company soliciting proxies for such person to the same extent as it does for any of its other nominees to the Board, as
the case may be.

(d) Each
Board Representative shall be entitled to indemnification and insurance coverage in connection with his or her role as a director to the
same extent as other directors on the Board and the Bank Board. The Company shall notify the Board Representatives of all regular meetings
and special meetings of the Board and the Bank Board and of all regular and special meetings of any committee of the Board or the Bank
Board, as applicable. The Company shall provide the Board Representatives with copies of all notices, minutes, consents and other material
that it provides to all members of the Board and the Bank Board, as applicable, at the same time such materials are provided to the other
respective members.

(e) The Company
acknowledges that the Board Representatives may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and/or insurance provided
by one or more of the Designating Purchasers (collectively, the Designating Purchaser Indemnitors). The Company hereby
agrees that, with respect to a claim by a Board Representative for indemnification arising out his or her service as a director of the
Company (1) it is the indemnitor of first resort (i.e., its obligations to the Board Representatives with respect to indemnification,
advancement of expenses and/or insurance (which obligations shall be the same as, but in no event greater than, any such obligations to
members of the Board) are primary and any obligation of the Designating Purchaser Indemnitors to advance expenses or to provide indemnification
for the same expenses or liabilities incurred by the Board Representatives are secondary), and (2) the Designating Purchaser Indemnitors
shall have a right of contribution and/or be subrogated to the extent of such advancement or payment to all of the rights of recovery
of the Board Representatives against the Company.

(f) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Section 4.20, the Board and the Bank Board may exclude the Board Representatives from
portions of meetings of the Board and the Bank Board, to the extent that the Board or the Bank Board, as applicable, will be discussing
(i) any matters directly related to the Designating Purchasers, including under the Transaction Documents, or any of the rights or obligations
of the Designating Purchasers under any of the Transaction Documents or (ii) any exam or other confidential correspondence with the Federal
Reserve, the FDIC or the OCC, in each case to the extent required by applicable Law as reasonably determined by the Companys legal
counsel.

43

(g) Each
Designating Purchaser covenants and agrees to hold any information obtained from its Board Representative in confidence, in each case
except to the extent that such information (i) was previously known by or in the possession of such party on a nonconfidential basis,
(ii) is or becomes in the public domain through no fault of such party, (iii) is later lawfully acquired from other sources by the party
to which it was furnished, or (iv) is independently developed by such party without the use of such information. Each of the parties to
this Agreement hereby acknowledges that they are aware, and will ensure that their representatives and Affiliates are aware, that the
United States securities laws prohibit any person who has material non-public information about a company from purchasing or selling securities
of such company, or from communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable
that such person is likely to purchase or sell such securities.

Section 4.21 Shareholder Approval.

(a) 
The Company shall duly call, give notice of, establish a record date for, convene and hold its annual or special shareholders meeting
(the Shareholders Meeting), for the purpose of, among other matters: (i) voting upon approval and adoption
of the amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation),
which shall, inter alia, authorize the issuance of (x) up to 2,000,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 200,000,000 shares
of Common Stock shall be designated as Non-Voting Common Stock, 1,800,000,000 shares shall be designated as voting Common Stock, each
par value $0.01 per share, and (y) 200,000,000 shares shall be designated as preferred stock, without par value, which shall contain such
rights, privileges and designations as the Board may from time to time designate, of which the Board shall designate such number of shares
as necessary as non-voting non-cumulative perpetual convertible preferred stock with a liquidation value of $9.00 per share and which
shall be convertible into Non-Voting Common Stock and/or voting Common Stock, as applicable, at a per share conversion price of $0.75
per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; (ii) if applicable, voting upon
such approval as may be required by the applicable rules of the Principal Trading Market for issuances of the Securities, including, without
limitation, the issuance in excess of the Exchange Cap; and (iii) voting upon the approval of the Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan to provide
equity-based incentives to directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Company (collectively, the Shareholder Approval).

(b) 
The Company shall: (A) through its Board recommend to its shareholders the approval and adoption of the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, the approval to effect issuances in excess of the Exchange Cap, as applicable and the approval of the Omnibus Equity
Incentive Plan (collectively, the Company Recommendations); (B) include such Company Recommendations in the proxy
statement delivered to shareholders; and (C) use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the Shareholder Approval. Neither the Board nor
any committee thereof shall withdraw, qualify or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw, qualify or modify, in a manner adverse to a
Purchaser, the Company Recommendations or take any action, or make any public statement, filing or release inconsistent with the Company
Recommendations. The Company shall adjourn or postpone the Shareholders Meeting, if, as of the time for which such meeting is originally
scheduled there are insufficient shares of Common Stock represented (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to
conduct the business of such meeting. The Company shall also adjourn or postpone the Shareholders Meeting, if on the date of the
Shareholders Meeting the Company has not received proxies representing a sufficient number of shares necessary to obtain the Shareholder
Approval and, following such adjournment or postponement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to solicit proxies representing
a sufficient number of shares to obtain the Shareholder Approval. Following the first of either such adjournment or postponement, if requested
by a Purchaser, the Company shall retain a proxy solicitor reasonably acceptable to, and on terms reasonably acceptable to, such Purchaser
in connection with obtaining the Shareholder Approval.

44

(c) After obtaining the Shareholder Approval, the Company
shall as promptly as reasonably practical, file the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the
State of Connecticut, as required by applicable Law and provide each Purchaser a certificate from the Secretary of State of the State
of Connecticut evidencing that the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is in full force and effect as of a date within five
(5) Business Days after the date of the Shareholders Meeting.

Section 4.22 Principal Market Regulation.
The Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock (taken together with each issuance
of such shares of Common Stock (x) upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Shares in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation
or otherwise and (y) upon the conversion of the Non-Voting Common Stock in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation or otherwise)
would exceed 19.9% of the total outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, or more than 19.9% of the total voting power of the
Companys securities, in each case immediately preceding the issuance of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement (the number of shares
which may be issued without violating such limitation, the Exchange Cap), except that such limitation shall not apply
in the event that the Company obtains (A) the approval of its shareholders as required by the applicable rules of the Principal Trading
Market for issuances of shares of Common Stock in excess of such amount or (B) a written waiver of such approval requirement from the
Principal Trading Market. Until such approval or such written waiver is obtained, (i) the Purchasers (collectively, the Existing
Buyers and each, individually, an Existing Buyer) shall not be issued in the aggregate, upon conversion
of any Series A Preferred Shares or Non-Voting Common Stock, or otherwise pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or the Certificate of
Incorporation, shares of Common Stock in an amount greater than the difference between the Exchange Cap minus the aggregate number of
shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to this Agreement on the Closing Date (the Exchange Cap Maximum) and (ii)
no Existing Buyer shall be permitted to convert Series A Preferred Shares or Non-Voting Common Stock with respect to more than such Existing
Buyers pro rata amount of such Exchange Cap Maximum (such amount, with respect to each Existing Buyer, its Exchange Cap
Allocation Amount) determined based upon such Existing Buyers percentage ownership of the sum of (1) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock issued to all Purchasers that purchased Series A Preferred Shares pursuant to this Agreement on the Closing
Date plus (2) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of all Series A Preferred Shares and/or Non-Voting
Common Stock. In the event that such Existing Buyer shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such Existing Buyers Series A Preferred
Shares or Non-Voting Common Stock, the transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such Existing Buyers Exchange Cap Allocation
Amount with respect to such portion of such Series A Preferred Shares or Non-Voting Common Stock so transferred, and the restrictions
of the prior sentence shall apply to such transferee with respect to the portion of the Exchange Cap Allocation Amount so allocated to
such transferee. Upon conversion in full of such Existing Buyers Series A Preferred Shares or Non-Voting Common Stock, the difference
(if any) between such Existing Buyers Exchange Cap Allocation Amount and the number of shares of Common Stock actually issued to
such Existing Buyer upon such Existing Buyers conversion in full of such Series A Preferred Shares or Non-Voting Common Stock shall
be allocated to the respective Exchange Cap Allocation Amounts of the remaining Existing Buyers of Series A Preferred Shares or Non-Voting
Common Stock on a pro rata basis in proportion to the relative Exchange Cap Allocation Amounts of such Existing Buyers.

Section 4.23 Preemptive Rights.

45

(a) 
If during five (5) years after the date hereof, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries proposes to offer or sell (the Offering)
any securities (any such security, a New Security) (other than (i) any Common Stock, Non-Voting Common Stock or other
securities issuable upon the exercise or conversion of any securities of the Company issued or agreed or contemplated (and disclosed to
the Purchasers in writing) to be issued as of the date hereof; (ii) equity grants awarded, or securities issued, pursuant to the 2020
Plan and the Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan or as an inducement award to a new employee, as applicable; or (iii) issuances of capital stock
as full or partial consideration for a merger, acquisition, joint venture, strategic alliance, license agreement or other similar non-financing
transaction), then the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to offer to each Purchaser listed in Schedule II who has executed
a customary non-disclosure agreement for the limited purpose of this provision, the right to participate in the Offering on the same terms
as such securities are proposed to be offered to others less the amount paid to any investment banker, broker, broker-dealer, finder,
or placement agent. To the extent the Offering of the New Security is over-subscribed, each Purchaser shall have a preferential right
to subscribe for the amount of New Securities required to enable it to maintain its proportionate Common Stock equivalent interest in
the Company (or its Subsidiaries) immediately prior to any such issuance of New Securities.

(b) 
Notwithstanding anything in this Section 4.23 to the contrary, in no event shall a Purchaser have the right to purchase New Securities
hereunder to the extent (i) such purchase would result in such Purchaser, together with any other Person whose Company securities would
be aggregated with such Purchasers Company securities for purposes of any bank regulation or law, collectively being deemed to
own, control or have the power to vote securities which (assuming, for this purpose only, full conversion and/or exercise of such securities
by such Purchaser) would represent more than 9.99% (or following the Bank Regulatory Approvals, 24.9% with respect to applicable Co-Lead
Investor(s)) of the voting securities or more than 33.3% of the Companys total equity outstanding, or (ii) such right would result
in such Purchaser being deemed to control, including pursuant to the terms of 12 C.F.R. 225.9(a)(1) and/or 12 C.F.R. 225.9
(a)(5), voting securities that would result in such Purchaser being deemed to control the Company or the Bank for purposes of the BHCA
or the CIBC Act or any implementing regulations thereunder. 

(c) Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 4.23 to the contrary, upon the request of any Purchaser that such Purchaser not be issued voting securities
in whole or in part upon the exercise of its rights to purchase New Securities, the Company shall cooperate with such Purchaser to modify
the proposed issuance of New Securities to such Purchaser to provide for the issuance of Series A Preferred Stock, Non-Voting Common Stock
or other non-voting securities in lieu of voting securities; provided, however, that to the extent, following such reasonable
cooperation, such modification would cause any other Purchaser to exceed its respective ownership limitation set forth in this Agreement,
the Company shall, and shall only be obligated to, issue and sell to the Purchaser such number of voting securities and nonvoting securities
as will not cause any other Purchaser to exceed its respective ownership limitation set forth in this Agreement and that the Purchaser
has indicated it is willing to hold following consummation of such Offering, and any remaining securities may be offered, sold or otherwise
transferred to any other person or persons.

(d) If a Purchaser
exercises its rights provided in this Section 4.23, the closing of the purchase of the New Securities in connection with the closing
of the Offering with respect to which such right has been exercised shall take place concurrently with the closing of the Offering triggering
the right being exercised by such Purchaser. Each of the Company and such Purchaser agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts
to secure any regulatory or shareholder approvals or other consents, and to comply with any law or regulation necessary in connection
with the offer, sale and purchase of, such New Securities.

46

(e) Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 4.23 to the contrary, a majority of the directors of the Board may waive the provisions of Section
4.23 (in whole or in part) or reduce a Purchasers allocation in an Offering if (i) the Board determines that the Company must
issue equity or debt securities on an expedited basis, (ii) that there are strategic reasons to conduct an Offering or include an investor
in the Offering who is not a Purchaser, or (iii) the compliance with the provisions of Section 4.23 (in whole or in part) would
negatively impact the timing, terms, size, or value of the Offering or otherwise harm the Company.

Section 4.24. Subsequent Financing Rights.

(a) Notification
of Subsequent Financing. Until December 31, 2026, in the event that any Offering of Common Stock or other equity-based securities
(other than such offerings described in Section 4.23(a)(i) through (iii)) (a Subsequent Financing) is on terms that
are more favorable than the terms and conditions, including, without limitation, the Purchase Price, applicable to the securities purchased
hereunder (the Existing Securities), then the Company shall promptly notify the Purchaser in writing (the MFN
Notice) and offer the Purchasers, jointly and severally, the right of first refusal to fund the entirety of the Subsequent
Financing on the terms and conditions provided in the MFN Notice; provided, however, that the restrictions in Section
4.23(b) applicable to rights to purchase New Securities shall apply to any rights to purchase Common Stock or other equity-based securities
under this Section 4.24. The MFN Notice shall include (i) the material terms and conditions of the Subsequent Financing; (ii) copies
of any draft definitive agreements, term sheets, or related documentation for the Subsequent Financing; and (iii) the anticipated closing
date of the Subsequent Financing.

(b) Procedures
for Exercise. The Purchaser shall notify the Company in writing of its election to invest in the Subsequent Financing within five
(5) Business Days of the Purchasers receipt of the MFN Notice or such shorter time period of at least one (1) Business Day if the
Board deems it necessary to expedite the closing of the Subsequent Financing (the Election Period). If the Purchaser
does not provide written notice of its election within the Election Period, the Purchaser shall be deemed to have waived its rights under
this Section 4.24 with respect to the specific Subsequent Financing described in the MFN Notice.

(c) 
Priority. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of this Section 4.24 and any other provision of
this Agreement, the terms of this Section 4.24 shall control.

Section 4.25. Employment Agreement and Omnibus Equity
Incentive Plan. On or prior to the Closing, the Company shall (a) enter into an employment agreement with Steven Sugarman, as President
of the Company, and (b) adopt the Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan to be effective upon the Shareholder Approval at the Shareholders
Meeting, with each of the employment agreement and Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan substantially in the form that will be available in the
Companys Data Room prior to Closing.

Section 4.26. Certain Post-Closing Matters.
Effective as of the close of business on the date that the Company shall have filed the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
with the Secretary of State of the State of Connecticut, as required by applicable law, (i) each issued and outstanding share of Series
A Preferred Stock will automatically convert into 80 shares of Non-Voting Common Stock, without any further action on the part of any
holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Shares of Non-Voting Common Stock issued upon the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock
may be converted into shares of Voting Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
following a Permissible Transfer.

47

ARTICLE V 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING 

Section 5.1 Conditions Precedent to the Obligations
of the Purchasers to Purchase Shares. The obligation of each Purchaser to acquire Shares at the Closing is subject to the fulfillment,
on or prior to the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, any of which (other than any required regulatory approvals, the
receipt of which cannot be waived) may be waived by such Purchaser (as to itself only):

(a) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date, except for such representations and warranties
that speak as of a specific date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of such date.

(b) Performance.
The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required
by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by it at or prior to the Closing.

(c) No
Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling, or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated,
or endorsed by any court or Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction, nor shall there have been any regulatory communication, that
prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or restricts any Purchaser or any of a
Purchasers Affiliates from owning or voting any securities of the Company in accordance with the terms thereof.

(d) Consents.
The Company shall have obtained in a timely fashion any and all consents, permits, approvals, non-objections, registrations, and waivers
necessary for consummation of the purchase and sale of the Shares (including all Required Approvals, other than the filing with the Commission
of one or more Registration Statements in accordance with the requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement, obtaining the Shareholder
Approval and filing the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation), all of which shall be and remain so long as necessary in full
force and effect.

(e) Company
Deliverables. The Company shall have delivered the Company Deliverables in accordance with Section 2.2(a).

(f) Termination.
This Agreement shall not have been terminated as to such Purchaser in accordance with Section 6.10 herein.

(g) Ownership
Limitation. The purchase of Shares by such Purchaser shall not (i) cause such Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to violate any banking
law or regulation, (ii) require such Purchaser or any of its affiliates to file a prior notice under the CIBC Act, or otherwise seek prior
approval or non-objection of any banking regulator, (iii) require such Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to become a bank holding company
or otherwise serve as a source of strength for the Company or any Bank, or (iv) cause such Purchaser, together with any other person whose
Company securities would be aggregated with such Purchasers Company securities for purposes of any banking regulation or Law, to
collectively be deemed to own, control or have the power to vote securities which (assuming, for this purpose only, full conversion and/or
exercise of such securities by the Purchaser and such other Persons) would represent more than 9.99% of any class of voting securities
of the Company outstanding at such time.

48

(i) Burdensome
Condition. Since the date hereof, there shall not be imposed any Burdensome Condition.

(j) Certificate
of Designations. The Company shall have filed with the Connecticut Secretary of State (and the Connecticut Secretary of State shall
have issued a certificate of designations evidencing the effectiveness of) the Certificate of Designations, setting forth the terms of
the Series A Preferred Stock.

(k) Well-Capitalized
Status. After the Closing and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Company expects that: (A) the
Banks capital levels shall exceed the specific quantitative capital requirements necessary to be deemed well capitalized
as defined in 12 C.F.R. 6.4; (B) the Companys capital levels shall exceed the specific quantitative capital requirements
necessary to be deemed well capitalized as defined in 12 C.F.R. 225.2(r); (C) the Company and the Bank shall
meet or exceed all specific quantitative capital requirements stated in any written agreement, order, understanding or undertaking with
the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, or the OCC, as applicable; (D) subject to any regulatory limitations, the Common Shares and Non-Voting
Common Stock shall qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 capital under 12 C.F.R. Section 217.20(b) and the Series A Preferred
Shares shall qualify as Additional Tier 1 capital under 12 C.F.R. Section 217.20(c); and (E) the Companys capital
structure will otherwise comply with the predominance of voting common equity provisions of 12 C.F.R. Part 225, Appendix
A.

(l) Registration
Rights Agreement. The Company and the Purchasers shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement.

Section 5.2 Conditions Precedent to the Obligations
of the Company to Sell Shares. The Companys obligation to sell and issue the Shares to each Purchaser at the Closing is subject
to the fulfillment on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions, any of which may be waived by the Company:

(a) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties made by such Purchaser in Section 3.2 hereof shall be true and correct in
all material respects as of the Closing Date, except for such representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, in which
case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date.

(b) Performance.
Such Purchaser shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required
by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by such Purchaser at or prior to the Closing Date.

(c) No
Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by any court or Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

(d) Purchasers
Deliverables. Such Purchaser shall have delivered its Purchaser Deliverables in accordance with Section 2.2(b).

(e) Minimum
Offering Amount. The Company shall have received the Minimum Offering Amount, as it may be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.1(a), from
the Purchasers on or prior to the Escrow Funding Date or the Extended Escrow Funding Date.

49

(e) Termination.
This Agreement shall not have been terminated as to such Purchaser in accordance with Section 6.10 herein.

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 6.1 Fees and Expenses. At Closing,
the Company shall reimburse the Lead Investor for reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred by the Lead Investor of up to $350,000,
in the aggregate, relating to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (including the preparation, negotiation and review
of definitive documentation and regulatory filings and other disbursements), which may set off any aggregate Purchase Price payable by
the Lead Investor under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall pay legal costs for Lead Investor counsel up
to $150,000 in cash within five (5) Business Days of Closing. Except as set forth above and elsewhere in the Transaction Documents, the
parties hereto shall be responsible for the payment of all expenses incurred by them in connection with the preparation and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees,
stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the Companys sale and issuance of the Securities to the Purchasers.

Section 6.2 Entire Agreement. The Transaction
Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, discussions and representations, oral or written, with respect to such
matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. At or after the Closing, and without
further consideration, the Company and the Purchasers will execute and deliver to the other parties such further documents as may be reasonably
requested in order to give practical effect to the intention of the parties under the Transaction Documents.

Section 6.3 Notices. Any and all notices
or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and
effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or e-mail (provided
the sender receives a machine-generated confirmation of successful facsimile transmission or e-mail notification or confirmation of receipt
of an e-mail transmission) at the facsimile number or e-mail address specified in this Section 6.3 prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern
time, on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
or e-mail at the facsimile number or e-mail address specified in this Section 6.3 on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than
5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on any Trading Day, (c) if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service with next day delivery
specified (receipt requested) the Trading Day following delivery to such courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom
such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as follows:

If to the Company: Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. 

900 Bedford Street 

Stamford, CT 06901 

Attention: Michael Carrazza 

Email: Chairman of the Board of Directors 

With a copy to: Blank Rome LLP 

One Logan Square

Philadelphia, PA 19103 

50

Attention: Alan Zeiger, Esq. and Yelena Barychev, Esq. 

Email: alan.zeiger@blankrome.com

yelena.barychev@blankrome.com 

If to a Purchaser: To the address set forth under such Purchasers name on the signature page hereof; 

or such other address as may be designated in writing hereafter, in the same manner, by such
Person.

Section 6.4 Amendments; Waivers; No Additional
Consideration. Any term of this Agreement may be amended, waived or terminated only with the prior written consent of the Company
and Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Shares (or, in the case of provisions that grant rights to the Lead Investor or Co-Lead
Investors, with the prior written consent of the Lead Investor or the holders of a majority in interest of the Shares held by the Co-Lead
Investors, as applicable); provided, however, that if any amendment, waiver or termination operates in a manner that treats any other
Purchaser different in any material respect from other Purchaser, the consent of such Purchaser shall also be required for such amendment,
waiver or termination. Any such amendment, waiver or termination shall be binding on all Purchasers, as applicable. No waiver of any default
with respect to any provision, condition, or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or
a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition, or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission
of either party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. No consideration shall be offered
or paid to any Purchaser to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any Transaction Document unless the same
consideration is also offered to all Purchasers who then hold Shares.

Section 6.5 Construction. The headings herein
are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions
hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and
no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. This Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties,
and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this
Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents.

Section 6.6 Successors and Assigns. The
provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
This Agreement, or any rights or obligations hereunder, may not be assigned by the Company without the prior written consent of the Purchasers.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.20, any Purchaser may assign its rights and obligations hereunder in whole or in part
to any Affiliate of such Purchaser and/or to any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities in compliance with
the Transaction Documents and applicable Law, provided such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred
Securities, by the terms and conditions of this Agreement that apply to the Purchasers.

Section 6.7 No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, other than, solely with respect to the provisions of Section
4.7, the Purchaser Parties.

51

Section 6.8 Governing Law. All questions
concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the internal Laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such State. Each party
agrees that all Proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, employees or agents) shall occur,
on an exclusive basis, in the state or federal courts located in the City, County and State of New York (the New York Courts).
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute
hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement
of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such New York Court, or that such Proceeding has been commenced in an improper or inconvenient
forum. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by
Law. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY
JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 6.9 Survival. The representations,
warranties, agreements, and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing, the delivery of the Shares, and any conversion of Series
A Preferred Shares into Underlying Shares as follows: (i) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Sections 3.1(a),
3.1(b), 3.1(c), 3.1(e), 3.1(f), 3.1(g), 3.1(h), 3.1(i), 3.1(k), 3.1(s),
3.1(t), 3.1(u), 3.1(bb), and 3.1(rr) shall survive for a period of six (6) years following the Closing and
delivery of shares, (ii) all other representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 3.1 shall survive for a period
of 18 months following the Closing and the delivery of the Shares, and (iii) all representations and warranties of the Purchasers set
forth in Section 3.2 shall survive for a period of 18 months following the Closing and the delivery of the Shares.

Section 6.10 Termination.

(a) This
Agreement may be terminated and the sale and purchase of the Shares abandoned at any time prior to the Closing:

(i) by mutual written
agreement of the Company and any Purchaser (with respect to itself only);

(ii) by the Company
or any Purchaser (with respect to itself only) upon written notice to the other parties, in the event that the Closing has not been consummated
on or prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the Outside Date; provided, that, the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 6.10(a)(ii) shall not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement shall
have been the cause of, or shall have resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on or prior to such date;

(iii) by the Company
or any Purchaser, upon written notice to the other parties, in the event that any Governmental Entity shall have issued any order, decree
or injunction or taken any other action restraining, enjoining or prohibiting any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
and such order, decree, injunction or other action shall have become final and nonappealable;

52

(iv) by any Purchaser
(with respect to itself only), upon written notice to the Company, if (A) there has been a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant
or agreement made by the Company in this Agreement, or any such representation or warranty shall have become untrue after the date of
this Agreement, in each case such that a closing condition in Section 5.1(a) or Section 5.1(b) would not be satisfied; or
(B) such Purchaser or any of its Affiliates receives written notice from or is otherwise advised by the Company that the Material Adverse
Effect, as set forth in Section 3(j) of this Agreement, has occurred after the date hereof and prior to the Closing Date;

(v) by the Company
(with respect to a Purchaser), upon written notice to such Purchaser, if there has been a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant
or agreement made by such Purchaser in this Agreement, or any such representation or warranty shall have become untrue after the date
of this Agreement, in each case such that a closing condition in Section 5.2(a) or Section 5.2(b) would not be satisfied;

(vi) by any Purchaser, upon written notice to the Company, if
such Purchaser or any of its Affiliates receives written notice from or is otherwise advised by the Federal Reserve that the Federal Reserve
will not grant (or intends to rescind if previously granted) any of the confirmations or determinations referred to in Section 5.1(i);
or

(vii) by the Company,
upon written notice to the Purchasers, if the Company shall not have received the Minimum Offering Amount, as it may be adjusted pursuant
to Section 2.1(a), from the Purchasers on or prior to the Escrow Funding Date or Extended Escrow Funding Date.

(b) In the
event of a termination pursuant to this Section 6.10, the Company shall promptly notify all non-terminating Purchasers.

Section 6.11 Effects of Termination. In
the event of any termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 6.10, this Agreement (other than this Article VI,
which shall remain in full force and effect) shall forthwith become wholly void and of no further force and effect; provided, that nothing
herein shall be deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by such party of the terms and provisions of this Agreement
or to impair the right of any party to compel specific performance by any other party of its obligations under this Agreement.

Section 6.12 Waiver of Fiduciary Obligations; Informed Consent.
By executing this Agreement, each Purchaser does hereby:

(a) 
acknowledge and understand that the Lead Party is controlled by Steven Sugarman who is also is an Of Counsel attorney at
Michelman & Robinson, LLP (M&R), the law firm that has acted as legal counsel to the Lead Party in the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement, and the Lead Party has not acted nor is acting as an attorney in connection with such transaction and
none of his communications with any Purchaser should be construed as legal advice.

(b) 
acknowledge and understand that actual or potential conflicts of interest may exist or arise by reason of Mr. Sugarman also serving as
an officer of the Company and/or member of the Board;

53

(c) 
acknowledge and agree that Mr. Sugarman in his capacity as an officer of the Company and/or member of the Board does not owe any fiduciary
or other duty to the Purchasers, other than such non-waivable fiduciary duties imposed upon directors and officers under the laws of the
State of Connecticut and applicable banking laws and regulations;

(d) 
waive any actual or potential conflicts of interest in connection with M&R acting as legal counsel to the Lead Investor in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and by their execution of this Agreement give their informed written consent to the
foregoing acknowledgements in this Agreement; and

(e) 
acknowledge and understand that each such Purchaser is encouraged to seek independent legal counsel to review the terms of the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement and ensure that such Purchasers interests are protected. By his, her or its signature hereto, each
such Purchaser acknowledges the fact that such Purchaser has consulted, or has had the opportunity to consult, with the legal counsel
of his, her or its choice prior to his, her or its execution of this Agreement.

Section 6.13 Execution. This Agreement may
be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that the parties need
not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature page were an original thereof.

Section 6.14 Severability. If any provision
of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions
of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt to agree upon a valid and enforceable
provision that is a reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Agreement.

Section 6.15 Replacement of Shares. If any
certificate or instrument evidencing any Shares is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued
in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument,
but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Transfer Agent of such loss, theft or destruction and
the execution by the holder thereof of a customary lost certificate affidavit of that fact and an agreement to indemnify and hold harmless
the Company and the Transfer Agent for any losses in connection therewith or, if required by the Transfer Agent, a bond in such form and
amount as is required by the Transfer Agent. The applicants for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay
any reasonable third-party costs associated with the issuance of such replacement Shares. If a replacement certificate or instrument evidencing
any Shares is requested due to a mutilation thereof, the Company may require delivery of such mutilated certificate or instrument as a
condition precedent to any issuance of a replacement.

Section 6.16 Remedies. In addition to being
entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by Law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and the Company
shall be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations described in the foregoing sentence and hereby agree to waive
in any action for specific performance of any such obligation (other than in connection with any action for a temporary restraining order)
the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

54

Section 6.17 Payment Set Aside. To the extent
that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces or exercises
its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently
invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid
or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other person under any Law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy
Law, state or federal Law, common Law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part
thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made
or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

Section 6.18 Independent Nature of Purchasers
Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with the obligations
of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser
under any Transaction Document. The decision of each Purchaser to purchase Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents has been made
by such Purchaser independently of any other Purchaser and independently of any information, materials, statements or opinions as to the
business, affairs, operations, assets, properties, liabilities, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects
of the Company or any Subsidiary which may have been made or given by any other Purchaser or by any agent or employee of any other Purchaser,
and no Purchaser and none of its agents or employees shall have any liability to any other Purchaser (or any other Person) relating to
or arising from any such information, materials, statements or opinions. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser acknowledges that no other
Purchaser has acted as agent for such Purchaser in connection with making its investment hereunder and that no Purchaser will be acting
as agent of such Purchaser in connection with monitoring its investment in the Shares or enforcing its rights under the Transaction Documents.
Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out
of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an
additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement
is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among
the Purchasers.

Section 6.19 Rescission and Withdrawal Right.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) the Transaction Documents, whenever
any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its related
obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time
upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions
and rights.

55

Section 6.20 Confidential Supervisory Information.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no disclosure, representation or warranty shall be made (or other action taken)
pursuant to this Agreement that would involve the disclosure of confidential supervisory information (including confidential supervisory
information as defined in 12 C.F.R. 261.2(b), non-public OCC information as defined in 12 C.F.R. 4.32(b)
and exempt information as defined in 12 C.F.R. 309.5(g)) of a Governmental Entity by any party to this Agreement
to the extent prohibited by applicable law. To the extent legally permissible, appropriate substitute disclosures or actions shall be
made or taken under circumstances in which the limitations of the preceding sentence apply.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

56

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title: 

[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]

NAME OF PURCHASER:

By: 

Name:

Title:

Aggregate Purchase Price:

Aggregate Number of shares of Common Stock to be Acquired at Closing:

[Aggregate Number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be Acquired at Closing:]

Tax ID No.:

Address for Notice:

Telephone No: 

Facsimile No: 

E-mail Address: 

Attention: 

[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]

Delivery Instructions:

(if different than above)

c/o 

Street: 

City/State/Zip: 

Attention: 

Telephone No.: 

[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh_102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

The Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement),
dated as of March 20, 2025, is entered into by and among Patriot National Bancorp, Inc., a Connecticut corporation (the Company),
and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser
and collectively, the Purchasers).

RECITALS 

A. The Company
and each Purchaser are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D (Regulation
D) as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities
Act.

B. Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, wishes to purchase, and the Company
wishes to sell, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, that number of shares of (i) voting common stock, par value $0.01
per share, of the Company (the Common Stock), set forth below such Purchasers name on the signature page of
this Agreement (which shall be collectively referred to herein as the Common Shares) and/or (ii) a newly-issued series
of convertible non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series A, no par value per share, of the Company (the Series A Preferred
Stock), set forth below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement (which shall be collectively referred
to herein as the Series A Preferred Shares), which shall be convertible into Common Shares subject to the terms and
conditions set forth in the Certificate of Designations (as defined below), and, following the Shareholder Approval (as defined below)
and subject to the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as defined below), non-voting common
stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the Non-Voting Common Stock). The Common Shares and the Series
A Preferred Shares shall be collectively referred herein to as the Shares. The shares of Common Stock and Non-Voting
Common Stock, into which the Series A Preferred Stock is convertible, are referred to herein as the Underlying Shares,
and the Underlying Shares and the Shares are referred to herein, collectively, as the Securities.

C. No Purchaser
shall be entitled to purchase the Securities issuable at Closing that would cause such Purchaser (including its Affiliates or any other
Persons with which it is acting in concert or whose holdings would otherwise be required to be aggregated for purposes of the BHC Act
or the CIBC Act, each as defined below), to acquire, or to obtain the right to acquire, more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock or the voting securities of the Company or such amount of the voting securities and/or nonvoting securities of the Company that
would constitute control under the BHC Act or the CIBC Act on a post transaction basis that assumes that such Closing shall
have occurred.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants
contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged,
the Company and the Purchasers hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1 Definitions. In addition to
the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated
in this Section 1.1:

1 

Action means any action, suit,
inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding (including any partial proceeding such as a deposition), or investigation pending or, to the
Companys Knowledge, threatened against the Company, any Subsidiary, or any of their respective properties or any officer, director,
or employee of the Company or any Subsidiary acting in his or her capacity as an officer, director, or employee before or by any Governmental
Entity.

Affiliate means, with respect
to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with such Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Agency has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(pp).

Agreement shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
in the Preamble.

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has
the meaning set forth in Section 4.21(a).

Bank means Patriot Bank, N.A., a wholly owned Subsidiary
of the Company.

Bank Regulatory Approvals means
that a Purchaser shall have received, in its sole discretion, satisfactory feedback from the Federal Reserve and the OCC (which may be
the absence of any communication from the Federal Reserve or the OCC, as applicable) that it will not have control of the
Company or the Bank for purposes of the BHCA and that no notice is required under the CIBC Act (or if such notice is required, it has
been submitted to the applicable Governmental Entity, and there has been no objection by such Governmental Entity after the expiration
or earlier termination of any applicable waiting period), and Purchaser shall have submitted all other filings with and received all other
approvals required by applicable Governmental Entities, in each case as necessary to permit Purchaser to hold up to 24.9% of any class
of voting securities of the Company.

Benefit Plan has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(rr).

BHCA has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b).

BHCA Control has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(uu).

Board means the Board of Directors of the Company.

Burdensome Condition has the meaning set forth in Section
4.16.

Business Day means a day, other
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks in the State of New York are open for the general transaction of business.

Certificate of Designations has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.2(a)(ix).

Certificate of Incorporation means
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and all amendments thereto, as amended as of the date hereof.

Change in Control means, with respect to the Company,
the occurrence of any one of the following events:

2 

(1) any Person or group
(other than the Purchasers and their Affiliates) becomes a beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly
or indirectly, of 30% or more of the aggregate shares of Common Stock;

(2) any Person or group
(other than the Purchasers and their Affiliates) becomes a beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly
or indirectly, of 24.9% or more of the aggregate shares of Common Stock, and in connection with such event, individuals who, on the date
of this Agreement, constitute the Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board;

(3) the consummation
of a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange, or similar transaction that requires adoption by the Companys shareholders
(a Business Combination), unless immediately following such Business Combination more than 50% of the total voting
power of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (the Surviving Corporation), or, if applicable,
the ultimate parent corporation that directly or indirectly has beneficial ownership (as defined in Rules 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of
100% of the voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Surviving Corporation, is represented by Common Stock that was outstanding
immediately before such Business Combination;

(4) the shareholders
of the Company approve a plan of liquidation or dissolution of the Company or a sale of all or substantially all of the Companys
assets; or

(5) the Company has entered
into a definitive agreement, the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of any of the events described in clauses (1) through
(4) of this definition above.

CIBC Act means the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978.

Closing means the closing of the purchase and sale
of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

Closing Date means the date on
which the Closing shall occur, which (unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing) shall be (i) no later than five (5) Business
Days after the satisfaction (or waiver, as applicable) of the last to be satisfied of the conditions set forth in Article V and
(ii) no later than the Outside Date.

Code means the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended, including the regulations and published interpretations thereunder.

Co-Lead Investors means investors
listed in Schedule I attached hereto. The Co-Lead Investors are also Purchasers as such term is used in this Agreement.

Commission has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Common Shares has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Common Stock has the meaning set
forth in the Recitals, and also includes any securities into which the Common Stock may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Company has the meaning set forth in the preamble.

3 

Company Counsel means Blank Rome LLP.

Company Deliverables has the meaning set forth in Section
2.2(a).

Company Financial Statements has the meaning set forth
in Section 3.1(h).

Company Recommendations has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.21(b).

Company Reports has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(kk).

Companys Knowledge means
with respect to any statement made to the knowledge of the Company, that the statement is based upon the actual knowledge, after reasonable
inquiry, of the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

Control (including the terms controlling,
controlled by or under common control with) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise for purposes of the BHCA or the CIBC Act.

Covered Person has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(ww).

CRA has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(nn).

Disclosure Materials has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(h).

Disclosure Schedules has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1.

Disqualification Event has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1(ww).

Effective Date means the date
on which the initial Registration Statement required by Section 2(a) of the Registration Rights Agreement is first declared effective
by the Commission.

Election Period has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.24(b).

Environmental Laws has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(k).

ERISA has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(rr).

ERISA Affiliates has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(rr).

ERISA Plan has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(rr).

Escrow Account has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(a).

Escrow Agent has the meaning set
forth in Section 2.1(a).

Escrow Agreement has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(a).

Escrow Funding Date has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.1(a).

4 

Exchange Act means the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor statute, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Cap has the meaning set forth in Section
4.22.

Exchange Cap Allocation Amount has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.22.

Exchange Cap Maximum has the meaning set forth in Section
4.22.

Existing Buyer has the meaning set forth in Section
4.22.

Existing Securities has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.24(a).

Expedited Issuance has the meaning set forth in Section
4.23(f).

Extended Escrow Funding Date has the meaning set forth
in Section 2.1(a).

FDIC means the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

Federal Reserve means the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System.

GAAP means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
as applied by the Company.

Governmental Entity means any
court, administrative agency, arbitrator, or commission or other governmental or regulatory authority or instrumentality, whether federal,
state, local, or foreign, and any applicable securities exchange or other self-regulatory organization.

Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section
4.7(b).

Insurer has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(pp).

Intellectual Property has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1(q).

IRS has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(rr).

Law means any federal, state,
county, municipal or local ordinance, permit, concession, grant, franchise, law, statute, code, rule or regulation or any judgment, ruling,
order, writ, injunction or decree promulgated by any Governmental Entity.

Lead Party means Steven Sugarman
and his Affiliates. The Lead Party is also deemed to be a Purchaser and Co-Lead Investor, as such term is used in this Agreement. To the
extent the Lead Party is also a Purchaser in this offering, it may also be referred to as Lead Investor.

Lien means any lien, charge, claim,
encumbrance, security interest, right of first refusal, preemptive right, mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, conditional sale agreement,
restriction on transfer or other restrictions of any kind.

Loan Investor has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(pp).

5 

Local Counsel means Robinson & Cole LLP.

Losses has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7(a).

Material Adverse Effect means
any event, circumstance, change or occurrence that has had or would reasonably be expected to have (i) a material and adverse effect on
the legality, validity, or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material and adverse effect on the operations, results of
operations, assets, liabilities, properties, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken
as a whole, or (iii) any adverse impairment to the Companys ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations
under any Transaction Document; provided, however, that clause (ii) shall not include the impact of (A) changes in banking and similar
Laws of general applicability or interpretations thereof by any applicable Governmental Entity, (B) changes in GAAP or regulatory accounting
requirements applicable to banks and their holding companies generally, (C) changes in general economic conditions, including interest
rates, affecting banks generally, (D) the effects of any action or omission taken by the Company or the Bank expressly required by this
Agreement or taken with the prior written consent of Purchaser, or (E) the public disclosure of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby, except, with respect to clauses (A), (B) and (C), to the extent that the effect of such changes has a disproportionate impact
on the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, relative to other similarly situated banks and their holding companies generally.

Material Contract means any of the following agreements
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries:

(1) 
any contract or agreement which is a material contract within the meaning of Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K;

(2) 
any contract containing covenants that limit in any material respect the ability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to compete
in any line of business or with any Person or which involve any material restriction of the geographical area in which, or method by which
or with whom, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may carry on its business (other than as may be required by Law or applicable regulatory
authorities), and any contract that could require the disposition of any material assets or line of business of the Company or of its
Subsidiaries;

(3) any joint venture,
partnership, strategic alliance, or other similar contract (including any franchising agreement, but in any event excluding introducing
broker agreements), and any contract relating to the acquisition or disposition of any material business or material assets (whether by
merger, sale of stock or assets, or otherwise), which acquisition or disposition is not yet complete or where such contract contains continuing
material obligations or contains continuing indemnity obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(4) any real property
lease and any other lease with annual rental payments aggregating $50,000 or more;

(5) other than with respect
to loans, any contract providing for, or reasonably likely to result in, the receipt or expenditure of more than $100,000 on an annual
basis, including the payment or receipt of royalties or other amounts calculated based upon revenues or income;

6 

(6) any contract or arrangement
under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is licensed or otherwise permitted by a third party to use any Intellectual Property
that is material to its business (except for any shrinkwrap or click through license agreements or other agreements
for software that is generally available to the public and has not been customized for the Company or its Subsidiaries) or under which
a third party is licensed or otherwise permitted to use any Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(7) any other contract
that by its terms limits the payment of dividends or other distributions by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(8) any standstill or
similar agreement pursuant to which any party has agreed not to acquire assets or securities of another person;

(9) any contract that
would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay, or materially impede the Companys ability to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents;

(10) any contract providing
for indemnification by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any person, except for immaterial contracts entered into in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice; and

(11) any contract that
contains a put, call, or similar right pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could be required to purchase or sell,
as applicable, any equity interests or assets that have a fair market value or purchase price of more than $50,000.

Material Permits has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(o).

MFN Notice has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.24(a).

Minimum Offering Amount has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a).

Money Laundering Laws has the meaning set forth in
Section 3.1(ii).

New Securities has the meaning set forth in Section
4.23(a).

Non-Voting Common Stock has the meaning set forth in
the Recitals.

New York Courts has the meaning set forth in Section
6.8.

OCC means the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

OFAC has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(hh).

Offering has the meaning set forth in Section 4.23(a).

Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan
means the 2025 Equity Incentive Plan to be approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, subject to shareholder approval.

7 

Outside Date means April 14, 2025.

Pension Plan has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(rr).

Person means an individual, corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, trust, business trust, association, joint stock company, joint venture, sole proprietorship, unincorporated
organization or Governmental Entity.

Personally Identifiable Information
means any nonpublic personal information as defined in 15 U.S. Code 6809.

Placement Agent means Performance
Trust Capital Partners.

Preferred Stock has the meaning
set forth in Section 3.1(g)(i).

Principal Trading Market means
the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is primarily listed on and quoted for trading.

Proceeding means an action, claim,
suit, investigation, or proceeding (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether
commenced or threatened.

Purchase Price means an amount
equal to $0.75 per Share.

Purchased Shares means the number
of Shares to be purchased by each Purchaser hereunder.

Purchaser has the meaning set
forth in the Preamble.

Purchaser Deliverables has the
meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).

Purchaser Party has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.7(a).

Questionnaire has the meaning
set forth in Section 2.2(b)(ii).

Registration Rights Agreement
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a)(x).

Registration Statement means a
registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and covering the resale by the Purchasers
of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement).

Regulation D has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Regulatory Counsel means Pryor Cashman LLP.

Required Approvals has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(e).

Response Period has the meaning set forth in Section
4.23(c).

8 

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated
by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter
adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule.

SEC Report has the meaning set
forth in Section 3.1(h).

Securities has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Securities Act has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Series A Preferred Shares has the meaning set forth
in the Recitals.

Series A Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth
in the Recitals.

Shareholder Approval has the meaning set forth in Section
4.21(a).

Shareholder Litigation has the meaning set forth in
Section 4.18.

Shareholders Meeting has the meaning set forth
in Section 4.21(a).

Shares has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

Stock Plan has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(g)(i).

Subsequent Financing has the meaning
set forth in Section 4.24(a).

Subsidiary means any entity in
which the Company or the Bank, directly or indirectly, owns 50% or more of the outstanding capital stock or otherwise has Control over
such entity. For the avoidance of doubt, the Subsidiaries of the Company include the Bank.

Surviving Corporation has the meaning set forth in
this Section 1.1.

Takeover Law has the meaning set forth in Section
3.1(bb).

Tax or Taxes
mean (i) any federal, state, local or foreign income, gross receipts, property, sales, use, license, excise, franchise, employment, payroll,
withholding, alternative or add on minimum, ad valorem, transfer or excise tax, or any other tax, custom, duty, governmental fee or other
like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest or penalty, imposed by any Governmental Entity and (ii) any
liability in respect of any items described in clause (i) above payable by reason of contract, assumption, transferee or successor liability,
operation of law, Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6(a) (or any predecessor or successor thereof or analogous or similar provisions
of Law) or otherwise.

Tax Return means any return, declaration,
report or similar statement filed or required to be filed with respect to any Tax (including any attached schedules), including, without
limitation, any information return, claim for refund, amended return or declaration of estimated Tax.

Trading Day means (i) a day on
which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Trading Market, or (ii) if the Common Stock is not quoted on any
Trading Market, a day on which the Common Stock is quoted in the over-the-counter market as reported by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (including
the OTC Pink); provided, that in the event that the Common Stock is not listed or quoted as set forth in (i) and (ii) hereof, then Trading
Day shall mean a Business Day.

9 

Trading Market means whichever
of the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE Amex, the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the NASDAQ Global Market, the NASDAQ Capital Market, or
the OTC Pink on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question.

Transaction Documents means this
Agreement, the schedules and exhibits attached hereto, including the Registration Rights Agreement, the Certificate of Designations, the
Escrow Agreement, and any other documents or agreements executed by the Company or the Purchasers in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereunder.

Transfer means, in respect of
any Shares, property or other assets, any sale, assignment, hypothecation, lien, encumbrance, transfer, distribution or other disposition
thereof or of a participation therein, or other conveyance of legal or beneficial interest therein, including rights to vote and to receive
dividends or other income with respect thereto, or any short position in a security or any other action or position otherwise reducing
risk related to ownership through hedging or other derivative instruments, whether voluntarily or by operation of Law, or any agreement
or commitment to do any of the foregoing.

Transfer Agent means Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
or any successor transfer agent for the Company.

Underlying Shares has the meaning set forth in the
Recitals.

ARTICLE II 

PURCHASE AND SALE 

Section 2.1 Closing.

(a) 
Escrow Account. No later than five (5) Business Days after the execution of the Agreement by the Company and the Purchasers (Escrow
Funding Date), each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Wilmington Trust, National Association (the Escrow
Agent), in U.S. dollars and in immediately available funds, the amount indicated below such Purchasers name on the applicable
signature page hereto under the heading Aggregate Purchase Price by wire transfer to a non-interest bearing escrow account
(the Escrow Account) established for such purpose with the Escrow Agent. All such funds will be held in the Escrow
Account pursuant to the terms of an Escrow Agreement, by and among the Company, the Escrow Agent and the Lead Party (the Escrow
Agreement). The Company will pay all fees related to the establishment and maintenance of the Escrow Account and comply with
procedures required by the Escrow Agent. If at least $60,000,000 in equity capital commitments, including any conversion of the Companys
existing debt into equity (the Minimum Offering Amount), have been received by the Company on or prior to the Escrow
Funding Date, and all of the other conditions set forth in Article V of this Agreement are fulfilled, the Closing shall be held
on the Closing Date with respect to Shares sold; provided, however, that, in the sole discretion of the Lead Party, the
Minimum Offering Amount can be decreased by up to $10,000,000. If the Minimum Offering Amount has not been received on or before the Escrow
Funding Date for any reason, the Escrow Funding Date will be extended for up to 14 days (the Extended Escrow Funding Date)
for the receipt of the Minimum Offering Amount, and if the Minimum Offering Amount has not been received on or before the Extended Escrow
Funding Date, this Agreement will be terminated as set forth in Section 6.10 hereof (provided, however, that, in
the sole discretion of the Lead Party, the Extended Escrow Funding Date can be extended for an additional 14 days for good reason), no
Shares will be issued and sold, and pursuant to the terms of the Escrow Agreement, the Escrow Agent will, at the Companys and the
Lead Partys written direction, cause all monies received from Purchasers for the Shares to be promptly returned to such Purchasers
without interest, penalty, expense or deduction and the Company will promptly cooperate to accomplish the foregoing, including providing
the Escrow Agent with any requested written instructions in such regard.

10 

(b) 
Purchase of Shares. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing, the Company shall issue and
sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser shall, severally and not jointly, purchase from the Company, up to the number of Shares set
forth below such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement at a per Share price equal to the Purchase Price, subject
to a downward adjustment by the Company to ensure the Purchaser complies with Section 3.2(s) of this Agreement.

(c) Closing.
Unless this Agreement has been terminated pursuant to Section 6.10 and subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, as applicable) of
the conditions set forth in Article V and the delivery of the Company Deliverables and the Purchaser Deliverables, the Closing
of the purchase and sale of the Shares shall take place remotely by electronic transmission of closing documents and signature pages on
the Closing Date, or such other means and/or date as the parties may mutually agree.

Section 2.2 Closing Deliveries.

(a) On or
prior to the Closing, the Company shall issue, deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser (unless otherwise indicated) the following
(the Company Deliverables):

(i) evidence of book entry of the Shares purchased by the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, registered
in the name of such Purchaser or its nominee;

(ii) legal opinions of Local Counsel, Regulatory Counsel and Company Counsel, as applicable, dated as of the
Closing Date, executed by such counsel and addressed to the Co-Lead Investors;

(iii) a certificate of the Secretary of the Company, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
C, dated as of the Closing Date, (a) certifying the resolutions adopted by the Board or a duly authorized committee thereof approving
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the issuance of the Shares, (b) certifying the
current versions of the Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws, as amended, of the Company, (c) certifying the fulfillment of the conditions
specified in Section 5.1, and (d) certifying as to the signatures and authority of persons signing the Transaction Documents and
related documents on behalf of the Company;

(iv) a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date and signed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D;

(v) a Certificate of Legal Existence of the Company from the Connecticut Secretary of State as of a recent
date;

(vi) a certificate of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to the effect that the Company is a registered bank
holding company under the BHCA;

11 

(vii) a certificate of the OCC as of a recent date evidencing the corporate existence of the Bank;

(viii) a certificate of the FDIC to the effect that the Banks deposit accounts are insured by the FDIC
under the provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act;

(ix) the Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company relating to the Series
A Preferred Stock of the Company filed with the Connecticut Secretary of State in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (the Certificate
of Designations); and

(x) a registration rights agreement, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Registration
Rights Agreement), duly executed by the Company.

(b) On or
prior to the Closing, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following (the Purchaser Deliverables):

(i) in U.S. dollars and in immediately available funds, the amount indicated below such Purchasers
name on the applicable signature page hereto under the heading Aggregate Purchase Price by wire transfer from the Escrow
Account to the account provided by the Company;

(ii) a fully completed and duly executed Accredited Investor Questionnaire (the Questionnaire)
reasonably satisfactory to the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B; and

(iii) the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by the Purchasers.

ARTICLE III 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 3.1 Representations and Warranties of
the Company. The Company hereby represents and warrants to each of the Purchasers as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date,
except for the representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be made as of such date, and except (i) as
disclosed in the disclosure schedules delivered by the Company to the Purchasers concurrently herewith and attached hereto (the Disclosure
Schedules), provided, that (a) the mere inclusion of an item in the Disclosure Schedules as an exception to a representation
or warranty shall not be deemed an admission by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that such item represents a material exception
or fact, event or circumstance or that such item is reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (b) any disclosures made
with respect to a section of this Article III shall be deemed to qualify (1) any other section of this Article III specifically referenced
or cross-referenced and (2) other sections of this Article III to the extent it is reasonably apparent on its face (notwithstanding the
absence of a specific reference or cross reference) from a reading of the disclosure that such disclosure applies to such other sections
or (ii) as disclosed in any SEC Report prior to the date hereof, that:

(a) Subsidiaries.
The Company owns all of the outstanding shares of the Bank. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), the Company has no other direct or
indirect Subsidiaries. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a), the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or comparable
equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any and all Liens, and all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock or
comparable equity interest of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable (to the extent such concept is applicable
to an equity interest of a Subsidiary) and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except in respect
of the Companys Subsidiaries or as otherwise listed on Schedule 3.1(a), the Company does not own beneficially, directly or indirectly,
5% or more of any class of equity securities or similar interests of any corporation, bank, business trust, association or similar organization,
and is not, directly or indirectly, a partner in any partnership or party to any joint venture.

12 

(b) Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing,
and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (as applicable), with the requisite power
and authority to own or lease and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company
nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, or other
organizational or charter documents. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing
as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes
such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, would not in the reasonable
judgment of the Company be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company is duly registered as a bank
holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA). The Bank is the Companys
only Subsidiary banking institution. The Banks deposit accounts are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC, and all premiums
and assessments required to be paid in connection therewith have been paid when due and no Proceeding for the termination of such insurance
is pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened. Since December 31, 2022, the Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted
their businesses in compliance with all applicable federal, state and foreign Laws, orders, judgments, decrees, rules, regulations, and
applicable stock exchange requirements, including all Laws and regulations restricting activities of bank holding companies and banking
organizations, in all material respects except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(b). The Bank has been duly organized and is validly existing
as a national association organized under the laws of the United States and supervised by the OCC, with the requisite corporate power
and authority under such laws to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as now being conducted in all material
respects and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Bank is a member in good standing of the Federal Home
Loan Bank of Boston, and its activities are permitted by the National Bank Act, and the rules and regulations of the OCC. The deposit
accounts of the Bank are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC) through the Deposit Insurance Fund
(as defined in Section 3(y) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act of 1950) to the fullest extent permitted by law, all premiums and assessments
required to be paid in connection therewith have been paid when due, and no Proceedings for the termination or adverse modification of
such insurance are pending or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened. There are no Subsidiaries of the Company other than the Bank
that are depository institutions or that have or are required to have deposit insurance.

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement; Validity. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder, including, without
limitation, to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof. The Companys execution and delivery of each of the Transaction
Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, but not limited to, the sale and
delivery of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents) have been duly authorized by all necessary
corporate action on the part of the Company, and no further corporate action is required by the Company, the Board, or the Companys
shareholders in connection therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. Each of the Transaction Documents has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and is, or when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof,
will constitute the legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms,
except (i) as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, or similar
Laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of
general application, (ii) as limited by Laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable
remedies, and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable Law. There are no shareholder
agreements, voting agreements, or other similar arrangements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is
a party or, to the Companys Knowledge, between or among any of the Companys shareholders.

13 

(d) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery, and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents) do not and will not, subject to receipt of the Required Approvals, (i) conflict with or violate any
provisions of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws, or otherwise result in a
violation of the organizational documents of the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would result in a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration, or cancellation (with or
without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, or
(iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any Law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction,
decree, or other restriction of any court or Governmental Entity to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities
Laws and regulations and the rules and regulations thereunder, assuming, without investigation, the correctness of the representations
and warranties made by the Purchasers herein, of any self-regulatory organization to which the Company or its securities are subject,
including all applicable Trading Markets), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, except in the case of
clauses (ii) and (iii) such as would not be, or would not reasonably be expected to be, material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or
order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any Governmental Entity or other Person in connection with the
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, the issuance of the Shares
and the Underlying Shares), other than (i) the filing with the Commission of one or more Registration Statements in accordance with the
requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement, (ii) the filings, if any, required by applicable state securities Laws, (iii) the filing
of a Notice of Exempt Offering of Securities on Form D with the Commission under Regulation D of the Securities Act, (iv) the filing of
any applicable notices and/or applications to or the receipt of any applicable consents or non-objections from (x) the state or federal
bank regulatory authorities that govern the Company or the Bank, or (y) the Principal Trading Market, (v) the filing of the Certificate
of Designations to create the Series A Preferred Stock, (vi) the Shareholder Approval regarding the authorization of the shares of Non-Voting
Common Stock to be issued upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Shares and the authorization of additional shares of Common Stock,
as applicable, (vii) the filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Connecticut,
and (viii) those that have been made or obtained prior to the date of this Agreement (collectively, the Required Approvals).
The Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries that would be likely to prevent the Company
from obtaining or effecting any of the foregoing.

14 

(f) Issuance
of the Shares and Underlying Shares. The issuance of the Common Shares has been duly authorized and the Common Shares, and when issued
and sold against the receipt of consideration therefor in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly
issued, fully paid, and non-assessable and free and clear of all Liens, other than restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities
Laws, restrictions contemplated by this Agreement and Liens, if any, created by a Purchaser, and shall not be subject to preemptive or
similar rights. The issuance of Series A Preferred Shares (upon filing of the Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State
of the State of Connecticut) will be duly authorized, and when issued and sold against the receipt of consideration therefor in accordance
with the terms of the Transaction Documents, such Series A Preferred Shares will be validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable and
free of preemptive rights except for those stated herein. The issuance of the Underlying Shares, other than Non-Voting Common Stock, has
been duly authorized, and the Underlying Shares (other than Non-Voting Common Stock), if and when issued in accordance with the terms
of the Certificate of Incorporation, including the Certificate of Designations, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
and free and clear of all Liens, other than restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws, restrictions contemplated
by this Agreement and Liens, if any, created by a Purchaser, and shall not be subject to preemptive or similar rights. The issuance of
the shares of Non-Voting Common Stock into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible will, upon receipt of the Shareholder
Approval and filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, have been duly authorized, and the shares of Non-Voting
Common Stock, into which the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible, if and when issued in accordance with the terms of the
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free and clear of
all Liens, other than restrictions on transfer imposed by applicable securities Laws, restrictions contemplated by this Agreement and
Liens, if any, created by a Purchaser, and shall not be subject to preemptive or similar rights. Assuming the accuracy of the representations
and warranties of the Purchasers in this Agreement, the Shares will be issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities
Laws.

(g) Capitalization.
The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, and (ii) 1,000,000
shares of preferred stock, no par value per share (the Preferred Stock). As of the date hereof, there are 3,991,852
shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding and no shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. As of the date hereof, there are
146,185 outstanding and unvested shares of restricted stock issued, and 74,540 reserved for issuance, under the Companys 2020 Restricted
Stock Award Plan, as amended (the Stock Plan). Other than in respect of awards outstanding under or pursuant to the
Stock Plan, no shares of Common Stock are reserved for issuance. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, have been issued in compliance in all material respects with all applicable
federal and state securities Laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights
to subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of the Company. No shares of the Companys outstanding capital stock are subject
to preemptive rights or any other similar rights. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g)(i), there are no outstanding options, warrants,
scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls, or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into,
or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments,
understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital
stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls, or commitments of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g)(ii), there are no material outstanding debt securities, notes,
credit agreements, credit facilities or other agreements, documents or instruments evidencing indebtedness of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound. Except for the Registration Rights Agreement, if applicable,
or as otherwise set forth in Schedule 3.1(g)(iii), there are no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is obligated to register the sale of any of its securities under the Securities Act. Except as set forth in the applicable Transaction
Documents, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that contain any redemption or
similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company and its Subsidiaries do not have any
stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. Except as set forth in
the applicable Transaction Documents, there are no securities or instruments issued by or to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents.

15 

(h) SEC
Reports; Company Financial Statements.

(i) 
The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act,
including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, since January 1, 2023 (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law
or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, as and if amended, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated
by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports, and the SEC Reports, together with the Disclosure
Schedules, being collectively referred to as the Disclosure Materials) on a timely basis or has received a valid
extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension, except where the failure
to file on a timely basis would not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (including, for this purpose
only, any failure to qualify to register the Common Shares and Underlying Shares for resale on Form S-1 or S-3 or which would prevent
any Purchaser from using Rule 144 to resell any Securities). As of their respective filing dates, the SEC Reports complied as to form
in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission
promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state
a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading, except that information filed or furnished as of a later date (but before the date of this Agreement)
shall be deemed to modify information as of an earlier date). The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities
Act. Each of the Material Contracts to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or to which the property or assets of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries are subject has been filed as an exhibit to the SEC Reports.

(ii) 
The audited consolidated balance sheets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and the related consolidated
statements of income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the two years ended December 31, 2023, together with the
notes thereto, and the unaudited consolidated balance sheets of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2024 and the related
consolidated statements of income, changes to stockholders equity and cash flows for the nine (9) months then ended (the Company
Financial Statements) (1) have been prepared from, and are in accordance with the books and records of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, (2) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except as may
be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that the unaudited financial statements may not contain
all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken
as a whole as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the periods then
ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, year-end audit adjustments, which would not be material, either individually
or in the aggregate. The Company has made available to the Purchasers complete and accurate copies of the Company Financial Statements.
There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) and an unconsolidated or
other off-balance sheet entity except as disclosed by the Company in the Company Financial Statements. The Company also made available
to the Purchasers the Banks Consolidated Reports of Condition and Income, or call reports, dated December 31, 2024
and last updated as of January 30, 2025, filed with the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council. Such call reports have been
prepared from, and are in accordance with the books and records of the Bank and fairly present in all material respects the results of
operations of the Bank for the period ended on December 31, 2024, subject to normal, year-end audit adjustments.

16 

(i) Tax
Matters. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has (i) timely filed all material foreign, U.S. federal, state and local Tax Returns
that are or were required to be filed, and all such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects, (ii) paid all
material Taxes required to be paid by it and any other material assessment, fine or penalty levied against it, whether or not shown or
determined to be due on such Tax Returns, other than any such amounts (x) currently payable without penalty or interest, or (y) being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP; (iii)
timely withheld, collected or deposited as the case may be all material Taxes (determined both individually and in the aggregate) required
to be withheld, collected or deposited by it, and to the extent required, have been paid to the relevant taxing authority in accordance
with applicable Law; and (iv) complied with all applicable information reporting requirements related to Taxes in all material respects.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (i) is subject to any outstanding audit, assessment, dispute or claim concerning any material Tax
liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries either within the Companys Knowledge or claimed, pending or raised by an authority
in writing; (ii) is a party to, bound by or otherwise subject to any obligation under any Tax sharing or Tax indemnity agreement or similar
contract or arrangement (other than an agreement, similar contract or arrangement to which only the Company and its Subsidiaries are parties);
(iii) has participated in a listed transaction within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011- 4(b)(2); or (iv)
has any liability for Taxes of any Person arising from the application of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or any analogous provision
of state, local or foreign Law, or as a transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise.

No claim has been made by a tax authority in a jurisdiction
where the Company or any Subsidiary does not pay Taxes or file Tax Returns asserting that the Company or any Subsidiary is or may be subject
to Taxes assessed by such jurisdiction. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary will be required to include any item of income in, or exclude
any item of deduction from, taxable income for any period (or any portion thereof) ending after the Closing as a result of any: (1) installment
sale or other open transaction disposition made on or prior to the Closing; (2) prepaid amount received on or prior to the Closing; (3)
written and legally binding agreement with a Governmental Entity relating to taxes for any taxable period ending on or before the Closing;
(4) change in method of accounting in any taxable period ending on or before the Closing; or (5) election under Section 108(i) of the
Code. The Tax attributes of the Company and its Subsidiaries, currently subject to limitation under Section 382 of the Code, have been
fairly valued within the recorded net assets of the Company. Based on the market value of the Company as of the date of this Agreement,
in the event that the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement would cause the Company and its Subsidiaries to
experience an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code, such ownership change would not impair the Tax attributes
currently recorded within the net assets of the Company.

17 

(j) Material
Changes. Since the date of the latest financial statements included within the Company Financial Statements, and except as set forth
in Schedule 3.1(j), (i) there have been no events, occurrences, or developments that have had or would reasonably be expected to have,
either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have not incurred any material
liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables, accrued expenses, and other liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice, and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company Financial Statements
pursuant to GAAP, (iii) the Company and its Subsidiaries have not altered materially their method of accounting or the manner in which
they keep their accounting books and records, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other
property to its shareholders or purchased, redeemed, or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, (v)
the Company and its Subsidiaries have not issued any equity to any Person, (vi) there has not been any material change or amendment to,
or any waiver of any material right by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under, any Material Contract under which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is bound or subject, and (vii) there has not been a material increase in the aggregate dollar amount of (A) the
Banks nonperforming loans (including nonaccrual loans and loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest) or (B) the
reserves or allowances established on and in respect to the Company Financial Statements. Since the date(s) the Company afforded the Purchasers
(i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning
the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares and the merits and risks of investing in the Shares, and (ii) access to information
about the Company and the Subsidiaries and their respective financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management,
prospects, and any potential transactions sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment, there have been no events, occurrences,
or developments that have materially affected or would reasonably be expected to materially affect, either individually or in the aggregate,
the information as presented to the Purchasers in connection with the offering of the Shares.

(k) Environmental
Matters. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) is or has been in violation of any Law of any Governmental Entity relating
to the use, disposal or release of hazardous or toxic substances or relating to the protection or restoration of the environment or human
exposure to hazardous or toxic substances (collectively, Environmental Laws), (ii) is or has been liable for any
off-site disposal or contamination pursuant to any Environmental Laws, (iii) owns or operates, or owned or operated any real property
contaminated with any substance that is in violation of any Environmental Laws or (iv) is or has been subject to any claim relating to
any Environmental Laws; in each case, which violation, contamination, liability or claim has had or would reasonably be expected to be
material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and there is no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened investigation
that might lead to such a claim. Except as would not be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, there are and have been no
circumstances or conditions (including the presence of asbestos, underground storage tanks, lead products, polychlorinated biphenyls,
prior manufacturing operations, dry-cleaning or automotive services) involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any currently
or formerly owned or operated property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, that could reasonably be expected to result in any claim,
liability, investigation, cost or restriction against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or result in any restriction on the ownership,
use, or transfer of any property pursuant to any Environmental Law, or adversely affect the value of any currently owned property of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(l) Litigation.
There is, and since December 31, 2022 has been, no Action pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened, which (i) adversely
affects or challenges the legality, validity, or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents, the issuance of Purchased Shares
pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, or the conversion of the Series A Preferred Shares into the Underlying
Shares, or (ii) is reasonably likely to be material to the Company or any Subsidiary, individually or in the aggregate, if there were
an unfavorable decision, and, to the Companys Knowledge, there is no indication that such matters are reasonably likely to arise
on or prior to the Closing. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(l), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the Companys
Knowledge any director or officer thereof with respect to such directors or officers service to or on behalf of the Company,
is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities Laws or a claim
of breach of fiduciary duty, nor is any Action, to the Companys Knowledge, currently threatened. There is no Action by the Company
or any Subsidiary pending or which the Company or any Subsidiary intends to initiate (other than collection or similar claims in the ordinary
course of business). There has not been, and to the Companys Knowledge there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation
by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any
stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under
the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. There are, and since December 31, 2022 have been, no outstanding orders, judgments, injunctions,
awards or decrees of any court, arbitrator or governmental or regulatory body against the Company or any executive officers or directors
of the Company in their capacities as such, which individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to be material to the
Company or any Subsidiary.

18 

(m) Employment
Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(m), no labor dispute exists or, to the Companys Knowledge, is imminent with respect
to any of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary that would be, or would reasonably be expected to be, material to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries. None of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is a member of a union that relates to such employees
relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining
agreement, and the Company and each Subsidiary believes that its relationship with its employees is good. To the Companys Knowledge,
there is no activity involving any of the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries seeking to certify a collective bargaining
unit or similar organization. To the Companys Knowledge, no executive officer is in violation of any material term of any employment
contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement
or any restrictive covenant in favor of a third party, and to the Companys Knowledge, the continued employment of each such executive
officer does not subject the Company or any Subsidiary to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and
each of its Subsidiaries are and at all times since December 31, 2022 have been in compliance in all material respects with all Laws and
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, immigration, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except
where the failure to be in compliance would not have or reasonably be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. No material
employee has given notice to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of his or her intent to terminate his or her employment or service
relationship with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company and its Subsidiaries are and at all times since December 31, 2022
have been in material compliance with all Laws concerning the classification of employees and independent contractors and have properly
classified all such individuals for purposes of participation in employee benefit plans.

(n) Compliance.
Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(n), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) are, and since December 31, 2022 have not
been, in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both,
would result in a default by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under), nor has the Company or any of its Subsidiaries received written
notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any Material Contract (whether or not such default or violation
has been waived), (ii) are, and since December 31, 2022 have not been, in violation of any order of which the Company has been made aware
in writing of any court, arbitrator, or governmental body having jurisdiction over the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective
properties or assets, (iii) are, and since December 31, 2022 have not been, in violation of, or in receipt of written notice that it is
in violation of, any statute, rule, regulation, policy, guideline, or order of any Governmental Entity or self-regulatory organization
(including the Principal Trading Market), applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or which would have the effect of revoking
or limiting FDIC deposit insurance, except in each case as would not reasonably be or have been expected to be material to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries.

19 

(o) Regulatory
Permits. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries possess, and have possessed since December 31, 2022, all required certificates,
authorizations, consents, licenses, franchises, variances, exceptions, orders, approvals and permits issued by the appropriate Governmental
Entities with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries business, except where the failure to possess such certificates, authorizations,
consents, or permits, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and (i) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
has received any notice in writing of Proceedings relating to the revocation or material adverse modification of any such Material Permits,
and (ii) the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances that would give rise to the revocation or material adverse modification
of any Material Permits.

(p) Title
to Assets. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all real property and tangible personal property owned
by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in each case free and clear of all Liens,
except such as do not materially affect the value of such property or do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such
property by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries
are held by them under valid, subsisting, and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the
use made and proposed to be made of such property and facilities by the Company and its Subsidiaries. No notice of a claim of default
by any party to any lease entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been delivered to either the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or is now pending, and there does not exist any event or circumstance that with notice or passing of time, or both, would
constitute a default or excuse performance by any party thereto. None of the owned or leased premises or properties of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any current or potential interests of third parties or other restrictions or limitations that would
impair or be inconsistent in any material respect with the current use of such property by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as
the case may be.

(q) Intellectual
Property; Data Security. The Company and its Subsidiaries own, possess, license, or have other rights to use all foreign and domestic
patents, patent applications, trade and service marks, trade and service mark registrations, trade names, copyrights, inventions, trade
secrets, technology, Internet domain names, know-how, and other intellectual property (collectively, the Intellectual Property)
necessary for the conduct of their respective businesses as now conducted or as proposed to be conducted free and clear of all Liens and
such Intellectual Property is valid, subsisting and enforceable, and is not subject to any outstanding order, judgment, decree or agreement
adversely affecting the Companys or its Subsidiaries use of, or rights to, such Intellectual Property, except where the
failure to own, possess, license, or have such rights would not have or reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries. Except where such violations or infringements would not be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (i) there
are no rights of third parties to any such owned Intellectual Property, (ii) to the Companys Knowledge, there is and has been no
infringement by third parties of any such Intellectual Property, (iii) there is no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened
Proceeding by others challenging the Companys and its Subsidiaries rights in or to any such Intellectual Property, (iv)
there is and since December 31, 2022 has been no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened Proceeding by others challenging
the validity or scope of any such Intellectual Property, and (v) there is and since December 31, 2022 has been no pending or, to the Companys
Knowledge, threatened Proceeding by others that the Company and/or any Subsidiary infringes or otherwise violates any patent, trademark,
copyright, trade secret, or other proprietary rights of others. Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (A) the Company and its Subsidiaries are and at all times since December 31, 2022 have been in
compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws related to data privacy and data security, including the Gramm-Leach- Bliley
Act and (B) there has been no material loss or theft of data or security breach or unauthorized access or use relating to data (including
Personally Identifiable Information) in the possession, custody or control of the Company, the Bank or any of its other Subsidiaries.
(1) No claims have been asserted or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened in writing against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
relating to data security, privacy, or the storage, transfer, use or processing of data (including Personally Identifiable Information),
and (2) to the Companys Knowledge, the Company and its Subsidiaries are not, and since December 31, 2022 have not been, the subject
of any audits, investigations or other inquiries or Proceedings relating to data security, privacy, or the storage, transfer, use or processing
of data (including Personally Identifiable Information) from any Governmental Entity, in the case of clause (1) or clause (2).

20 

(r) Insurance.
The Company and each of the Subsidiaries are, and following the Closing Date will remain, insured by insurers of recognized financial
responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as the Company reasonably believes to be prudent and customary in the
businesses and locations in which and where the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not been
refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for since December 31, 2022, and the Company and its Subsidiaries do not have any reason
to believe that they will not be able to renew their existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar
coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue their business at a cost that would not be material to the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries. All premiums due and payable under all such policies and bonds have been timely paid, and the Company and its Subsidiaries
are in material compliance with the terms of such policies and bonds. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any
notice of cancellation of any such insurance, nor, to the Companys Knowledge, will it or any Subsidiary be unable to renew their
respective existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be
necessary to continue its business at a cost that would not be materially higher than their existing insurance coverage. The Company (i)
maintains directors and officers liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance with financially sound and reputable
insurance companies with benefits and levels of coverage as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(r), (ii) has timely paid all premiums on such policies,
and (iii) there has been no lapse in coverage during the term of such policies.

(s) Transactions
With Affiliates and Employees. Except for the applicable Transaction Documents with the Lead Party and as set forth in Schedule 3.1(s),
none of the Affiliates, officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the Companys Knowledge, none of the employees
of the Company or any Subsidiary, is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary or to a presently contemplated
transaction (other than for services as employees, officers, and directors) that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404
of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act.

(t) Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain internal control over financial reporting (as such term
is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and have disclosed, based on its most recent
evaluation prior to the date of this Agreement, to the Companys independent registered public accounting firm and the audit committee
of the Board (A) any significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
that are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Companys ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information,
and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Companys
internal control over financial reporting. Since December 31, 2022, (i) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys
Knowledge, any director, officer, employee, auditor, accountant or representative of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received
or otherwise had or obtained knowledge of any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, whether written or oral, regarding the
accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective internal
accounting controls, including any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has
engaged in questionable accounting or auditing practices, and (ii) no attorney representing the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether
or not employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has reported evidence of a violation of securities Laws, breach of fiduciary
duty or similar violation by the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of its officers, directors, employees or agents to the Board or any
committee thereof or to any director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. To the Companys Knowledge, since September
30, 2024, there have been no changes in the Companys internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Companys internal
control over financial reporting.

21 

(u) Certain
Fees. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(u), no Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
any valid right, interest, or claim against or upon the Company, any Subsidiary or any Purchaser for any commission, fee, or other compensation
pursuant to any agreement, arrangement, or understanding entered into by or on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(v) Private
Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2 of this Agreement
and the accuracy of the information disclosed in the Questionnaires, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer
and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers under the Transaction Documents. The issuance and sale of the Shares hereunder
does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Principal Trading Market.

(w) Registration
Rights. Other than as set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement or as set forth in Schedule 3.1(w), no Person has any right to
cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

(x) No
Objections. None of the Federal Reserve, the FDIC or the OCC has issued any order or taken any similar action preventing or suspending
the issuance or sale of the Purchased Shares to the Purchasers. The Company and the Bank have filed, and will continue to file, with the
Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the OCC, as applicable, any and all materials required to be filed by the Company or the Bank in connection
with the issuance and sale of the Securities.

(y) No
Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
none of the Company, its Subsidiaries nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any of its Affiliates or any Person acting on its behalf
has, directly or indirectly, at any time within the past six months, made any offers or sales of any Company security or solicited any
offers to buy any security under circumstances that would eliminate the availability of the exemption from registration under Regulation
D under the Securities Act in connection with the offer and sale by the Company of the Shares as contemplated hereby.

22 

(z) Investment
Company. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to be registered as, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately
following the Closing will not be required to register as, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary sponsors any person that is such an investment company.

(aa) Unlawful Payments. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the Companys Knowledge, any directors, officers, employees, agents, or other Persons acting
at the direction of or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has, in the course of its actions for, or on behalf of, the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries (a) directly or indirectly, used any corporate funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment,
or other unlawful expenses relating to foreign or domestic political activity, (b) made any direct or indirect unlawful payments to any
foreign or domestic governmental officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(c) violated any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, or (d) made any other unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence
payment, kickback, or other material unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee.

(bb) Application of Takeover Protections; Rights
Agreements. The Company has not adopted any shareholder rights plan or similar arrangement relating to accumulations of beneficial
ownership of its Common Stock or a Change in Control of the Company. The Company and the Board have taken all necessary action, if any,
in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights
agreement), or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Certificate of Incorporation or other organizational documents or the Laws
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or otherwise which is or could become applicable to Purchaser solely as a result of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Companys issuance of the Shares and any Purchasers ownership
of the Purchased Shares (each, a Takeover Law).

(cc) [Reserved].

(dd) No Undisclosed Liabilities. There are
no material liabilities or obligations of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries of any kind whatsoever, whether accrued, contingent,
absolute, determined, determinable, or otherwise, except for (i) liabilities appropriately reflected or reserved against in accordance
with GAAP in the Companys audited balance sheet or that are otherwise disclosed in the footnotes to the financial statements for
the year ended December 31, 2023, and (ii) liabilities that have arisen in the ordinary and usual course of business and consistent with
past practice since December 31, 2022.

(ee) Off Balance Sheet Arrangements. There
is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) and an unconsolidated or other
off-balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its Company Financial Statements and is not so disclosed.

(ff) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers
Purchase of Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that each Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length
purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Company further acknowledges
that each Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the
Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives
or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to such Purchasers
purchase of the Shares.

23 

(gg) Regulation M Compliance. The Company
has not, and to the Companys Knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed
to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale
of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the securities
of the Company or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities
of the Company, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), compensation paid to the Placement Agent in connection with the
placement of the Shares.

(hh) OFAC. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee, Affiliate, or Person acting on behalf of the Company or
any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department
(OFAC); and the Company will not knowingly use the proceeds of the sale of the Purchased Shares towards any sales
or operations in Cuba, Iran, Syria, Sudan or any other country sanctioned by OFAC or for the purpose of financing the activities of any
Person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.

(ii) Money
Laundering Laws. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(ii), the operations of each of the Company and any Subsidiary are in compliance
in all material respects with the money laundering statutes of applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and
any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any applicable Governmental Entity (collectively,
the Money Laundering Laws) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or Governmental Entity, authority
or body or any arbitrator involving the Company and/or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the
Companys Knowledge, threatened.

(jj) No Additional Agreements. The Company
has no agreements or understandings (including, without limitation, side letters) with any Person to purchase shares of Common Stock or
Series A Preferred Stock on terms more favorable to such Person than as set forth herein, other than Transaction Documents to be entered
into with the Lead Party and Co-Lead Investors on or prior to the Closing Date. Under the Transaction Documents, all Purchasers are paying
the same Purchase Price, provided, however, that the Lead Party and Co-Lead Investors may receive rights to Board representation,
and the Lead Party may receive the reimbursement for such Lead Partys due diligence, legal and other expenses.

(kk) Reports, Registrations and Statements.
Since December 31, 2022, the Company and each Subsidiary have filed all material reports, registrations, documents, filings, submissions
and statements, together with any required amendments thereto, that it was required to file with the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the OCC
and any other applicable foreign, federal or state securities or banking authorities. All such reports and statements filed with any such
regulatory body or authority are collectively referred to herein as the Company Reports. All such Company Reports
were filed on a timely basis or the Company or the applicable Subsidiary, as applicable, received a valid extension of such time of filing
and has filed any such Company Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the Company Reports
complied in all material respects with all the rules and regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the OCC and any other
applicable foreign, federal, or state securities or banking authorities, as the case may be.

24 

(ll) Regulatory Capitalization. As of December
31, 2024, the Bank was considered less than well capitalized under the OCCs regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action (12 C.F.R. 6.4).

(mm) Intentionally omitted.

(nn) Compliance with Certain Banking Regulations.
To the Companys Knowledge, the Bank is in satisfactory compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA)
and the regulations promulgated thereunder or has not been assigned a CRA rating by federal or state banking regulators of lower than
satisfactory, (ii) is not operating in violation, in any material respect, of the Bank Secrecy Act, the Uniting and Strengthening
America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT) Act of 2001, any order issued with respect
to anti-money laundering by OFAC, or any other anti-money laundering Law, (iii) is in satisfactory compliance, in any material respect,
with the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Flood Disaster Protection Act, the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, or (iv) is in satisfactory compliance,
in all material respects, with all applicable privacy of customer information requirements contained in any applicable federal and state
privacy Laws as well as the provisions of all information security programs adopted by the Bank or the Company.

(oo) No
General Solicitation or General Advertising. Neither the Company nor, to the Companys Knowledge, any person acting on its behalf
has engaged or will engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities
Act) in connection with any offer or sale of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

(pp) Loan Portfolio.

(i) 
Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or materially delay or materially
impair the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, each written or oral loan, loan agreement, note or borrowing arrangement
(including leases, credit enhancements, commitments, guarantees and interest-bearing assets) (collectively, Loans)
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) is evidenced by notes, agreements or other evidences of indebtedness that are true, genuine
and what they purport to be, (ii) to the extent carried on the books and records of the Company or its Subsidiaries as secured Loans,
has been secured by valid Liens, which have been perfected, (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, is the legal, valid and binding obligation
of the obligor named therein, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions and (iv) was solicited
and originated, and is and has been administered and, where applicable, serviced, in all material respects in accordance with the written
underwriting standards of the Company and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, and with all applicable laws, statutes, orders, rules, regulations,
policies and guidelines of any Governmental Entity;

(ii) 
None of the agreements pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has sold Loans or pools of Loans or participations in
Loans or pools of Loans contains any obligation to repurchase such Loans or interests therein solely on account of a payment default (other
than early payment defaults) by the obligor on any such Loan;

25 

(iii) 
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(pp)(iii), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is now, nor has it ever been since January
1, 2022, subject to any material fine, suspension, settlement or other administrative agreement or sanction by any Governmental Entity
relating to the origination, sale or servicing of mortgage, commercial or consumer Loans;

(iv) 
All Loans which are classified as Insider Transactions by Regulation O of the Federal Reserve have been made by Company
and its Subsidiaries in an arms-length manner made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as
those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons and do not involve more than normal risk of collectability
or present other unfavorable features;

(v) 
To the knowledge of the Company, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default in the performance or observance of any obligation,
agreement, covenant or condition contained in any Loan to which it is a party (whether incurred or provided thereby) or by which it is
bound or to which any of its property or assets is subject, except for such defaults that would not result in a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company;

(vi) 
Other than as may not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has complied
with in all material respects, and all documentation in connection with the origination, processing, underwriting and credit approval
of any Loan originated, purchased or serviced by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries satisfied in all material respects, (A) all applicable
Laws with respect to the origination, insuring, purchase, sale, pooling, servicing, subservicing or filing of claims in connection with
Loans, including all Laws relating to real estate settlement procedures, consumer credit protection, truth in lending Laws, usury limitations,
fair housing, transfers of servicing, collection practices, equal credit opportunity and adjustable rate mortgages, (B) the responsibilities
and obligations relating to Loans set forth in any contract or agreement between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any Agency,
Loan Investor or Insurer, (C) the applicable rules, regulations, guidelines, handbooks and other requirements of any Agency, Loan Investor
or Insurer, (D) the terms and provisions of any mortgage or other collateral documents and other Loan documents with respect to each Loan
and (E) the underwriting guidelines and other loan policies and procedures of the Company or its applicable Subsidiary;

(vii) 
Since December 31, 2022, no Agency, Loan Investor or Insurer has (A) claimed in writing that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has
violated or has not complied with the applicable underwriting standards with respect to Loans sold by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to a Loan Investor or Agency, or with respect to any sale of Loan servicing rights to a Loan Investor, (B) imposed in writing restrictions
on the activities (including commitment authority) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (C) indicated in writing to the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries that it has terminated or intends to terminate its relationship with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
for poor performance, poor Loan quality or concern with respect to the Companys or any of its Subsidiarys compliance with
Laws; and

(viii) 
Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(pp)(viii), the characteristics of the loan portfolio of the Company have not materially changed from
the characteristics of the loan portfolio of the Company as of December 31, 2022; and reserves for loan losses in such loan portfolio
are adequate and determined in accordance with GAAP and applicable regulatory standards.

26 

For purposes of this Section 3.1(pp): (A) Agency
means the Federal Housing Administration, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, the Farmers Home Administration (now known as Rural
Housing and Community Development Services), the Federal National Mortgage Association, the United States Department of Veterans
Affairs, the Government National Mortgage Association, the Rural Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture or any other Governmental
Entity with authority to (i) determine any investment, origination, lending or servicing requirements with regard to Loans originated,
purchased or serviced by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) originate, purchase, or service Loans, or otherwise promote lending,
including state and local housing finance authorities; (B) Loan Investor means any person (including an Agency) having
a beneficial interest in any Loan originated, purchased or serviced by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or a security backed by
or representing an interest in any such Loan; and (C) Insurer means a person who insures or guarantees for the benefit
of the Loan holder all or any portion of the risk of loss upon borrower default on any of the Loans originated, purchased or serviced
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including the Federal Housing Administration, the United States Department of Veterans
Affairs, the Rural Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture and any private mortgage insurer, and providers of hazard, title
or other insurance with respect to such Loans or the related collateral.

(qq) Risk Management Instruments. Except
as set forth in Schedule 3.1(qq), the Company and the Subsidiaries have in place risk management policies and procedures sufficient in
scope and operation to protect against risks of the type and in amounts reasonably expected to be incurred by companies of similar size
and in similar lines of business as the Company and the Subsidiaries. Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, since December 31, 2022, all derivative instruments, including, swaps, caps, floors, and option agreements,
whether entered into for the Companys own account, or for the account of one or more of the Subsidiaries, were entered into (1)
only in the ordinary course of business, (2) in accordance with prudent practices and in all respects with all applicable Laws, and (3)
with counterparties believed to be financially responsible at the time, and each of them constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation
of the Company or one of the Subsidiaries, enforceable in accordance with its terms. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, nor, to
the Companys Knowledge, any other party thereto, is in breach of any of its obligations under any such agreement or arrangement.

(rr) Company Benefit Plans.

(i) Benefit
Plan means all material employee benefit plans, programs, agreements, contracts, policies, practices, or other arrangements
providing benefits to any current or former employee, officer, director or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any
beneficiary or dependent thereof that is sponsored or maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries contributes or is obligated to contribute or is party, whether or not written, including any material employee
welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA),
any employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA (whether or not such plan is subject to ERISA)
and any material bonus, incentive, deferred compensation, vacation, stock purchase, stock option or equity award, equity-based severance,
employment, change of control, consulting or fringe benefit plan, program, agreement or policy. Each Benefit Plan is listed on Schedule
3.1(rr)(i). True and complete copies of all Benefit Plans listed on Schedule 3.1(rr)(i) have been made available to the Purchasers prior
to the date hereof.

27 

(ii) With
respect to each Benefit Plan, (A) the Company and its Subsidiaries have complied, and are now in compliance in all material respects with
the applicable provisions of ERISA, and the Code and all other Laws and regulations applicable to such Benefit Plan and (B) each Benefit
Plan has been administered in all material respects in accordance with its terms. Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective ERISA Affiliates
has incurred any withdrawal liability as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from a multiemployer plan, as those terms are defined
in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA, that has not been satisfied in full. ERISA Affiliate means any entity,
trade or business, whether or not incorporated, which together with the Company and its Subsidiaries, would be deemed a single
employer within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA or Sections 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.

(iii) Each
Benefit Plan which is subject to ERISA (an ERISA Plan) that is an employee pension benefit plan within
the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA (Pension Plan) and that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of
the Code is so qualified, has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS)
and, to the Companys Knowledge, nothing has occurred, whether by action or failure to act, that could likely result in revocation
of any such favorable determination or opinion letter or the loss of the qualification of such Benefit Plan under Section 401(a) of the
Code. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in a transaction with respect to any ERISA Plan that, assuming the taxable
period of such transaction expired as of the date hereof, could subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to a material tax or material
penalty imposed by either Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502(i) of ERISA. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred
or reasonably expects to incur a material tax or penalty imposed by Section 4980F of the Code or Section 502 of ERISA.

(iv) Except
as set forth on Schedule 3.1(rr)(iv), neither the Company, any of its Subsidiaries nor any ERISA Affiliate (A) sponsors, maintains or
contributes to or has within the past six years sponsored, maintained or contributed to a Pension Plan that is subject to Subtitles C
or D of Title IV of ERISA or (B) sponsors, maintains or has any liability with respect to or an obligation to contribute to or has within
the past six years sponsored, maintained, had any liability with respect to, or had an obligation to contribute to a multiemployer
plan within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA.

(v) None
of the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the issuance of Purchased Shares, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby will, whether alone or in connection with another event, (A) constitute a change in control or change of control
within the meaning of any Benefit Plan or result in any material payment or benefit (including severance, unemployment compensation, excess
parachute payment (within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code), forgiveness of indebtedness or otherwise) becoming due to any
current or former employee, officer, director or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
under any Benefit Plan or any other agreement with any employee, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any employment or change in control
agreements, (B) result in payments under any of the Benefit Plans which would not be deductible under Section 162(m) or Section 280G of
the Code, (C) materially increase any compensation or benefits otherwise payable under any Benefit Plan, (D) result in any acceleration
of the time of payment or vesting of any such benefits, (E) require the funding or increase in the funding of any such benefits, or (F)
result in any limitation on the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to amend, merge, terminate or receive a reversion of assets
from any Benefit Plan or related trust.

28 

(vi) There
is no material pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened, litigation relating to the Benefit Plans (other than claims for
benefits in the ordinary course). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any obligations for retiree health and life benefits
under any ERISA Plan or collective bargaining agreement, except for health continuation coverage as required by Section 4980B of the Code
or Part 6 of Title I of ERISA and at no expense to the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(vii) Except
as would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company and except for liabilities fully reserved for or identified in the Company
Financial Statements, there are no pending or, to the Companys Knowledge, threatened claims (other than claims for benefits in
the ordinary course), lawsuits or arbitrations which have been asserted or instituted against (A) the Benefit Plans, (B) any fiduciaries
thereof with respect to their duties to the Benefit Plans, or (C) the assets of any of the trusts under any of the Benefit Plans.

(ss) Assets. To the Companys Knowledge,
the amount of reserves and allowances for credit losses and other nonperforming assets, as set forth in the Banks call report dated
December 31, 2024 and last updated as of January 30, 2025, were appropriately established in accordance with GAAP and applicable regulatory
guidance as of the date of such call report, and such belief is reasonable under all the facts and circumstances known to the Company
and Bank.

(tt) No Change in Control. Except as set
forth in Schedule 3.1(tt), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any employment, Change in Control, severance,
or other compensatory agreement or any benefit plan pursuant to which the issuance of the Shares to the Purchasers as contemplated by
this Agreement would trigger a change of control or other similar provision in any of the agreements, which results in payments
to the counterparty or the acceleration of vesting of benefits.

(uu) Common Control. The Company is not
and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Shares, will not be under the control (as defined in the BHCA and the Federal
Reserves Regulation Y (12 C.F.R. Part 225) (BHCA Control)) of any company (as defined in the BHCA and the
Federal Reserves Regulation Y). The Company is not in BHCA Control of any federally insured depository institution other than the
Bank. The Bank is not under the BHCA Control of any company (as defined in the BHCA and the Federal Reserves Regulation Y) other
than Company. Except for the Companys ownership interest in the Bank, neither the Company nor the Bank controls, in the aggregate,
5% or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities, directly or indirectly, of any federally insured depository institution.
The Bank is not subject to the liability of any commonly controlled depository institution pursuant to Section 5(e) of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1815(e)).

(vv) Material Contracts. The Company has
made available to each Purchaser or its respective representatives, prior to the date hereof, true, correct, and complete copies of, and
listed on Schedule 3.1(vv), each Material Contract to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or subject (whether written
or oral, express or implied) as of the date of this Agreement. Each Material Contract is a valid and binding obligation of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (as applicable) that is a party thereto and, to the Companys Knowledge, each other party to such Material
Contract, except for such failures to be valid and binding as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to be
material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Each such Material Contract is enforceable against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
(as applicable) that is a party thereto and, to the Companys Knowledge, each other party to such Material Contract in accordance
with its terms (subject in each case to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws affecting the enforcement
of creditors rights generally and general equitable principles, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding
of law or at equity), except for such failures to be enforceable as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected
to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the Companys
Knowledge, any other party to a Material Contract, is in material default or material breach of a Material Contract and there does not
exist any event, condition or omission that would constitute such a default or breach (whether by lapse of time or notice or both), in
each case, except as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to be material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

29 

(ww) No Bad Actor Disqualification.
The Company has exercised reasonable care, in accordance with Commission rules and guidance, and has conducted a factual inquiry including
the procurement of relevant questionnaires from each Covered Person (as defined below) or other means, the nature and scope of which reflect
reasonable care under the relevant facts and circumstances, to determine whether any Covered Person is subject to any of the bad
actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (Disqualification Events).
To the Companys Knowledge, after conducting such sufficiently diligent factual inquiries, no Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event, except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3) under the Securities Act. The Company has complied, to
the extent applicable, with any disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e) under the Securities Act. Covered Persons
are those persons specified in Rule 506(d)(1) under the Securities Act, including the Company, any predecessor or affiliate of the Company,
any director, executive officer, other officer participating in the offering, general partner or managing member of the Company, any beneficial
owner of 20% or more of the Companys outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, any promoter
(as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of the sale of the Shares, and
any person that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale
of the Securities (a Solicitor), any general partner or managing member of any Solicitor, and any director, executive
officer or other officer participating in the offering of any Solicitor or general partner or managing member of any Solicitor.

(xx) Knowledge
as to Conditions. To the Companys Knowledge, there is no reason why it would be reasonable to expect that any regulatory approvals
and, to the extent necessary, any other approvals, authorizations, filings, registrations, and notices required or otherwise a condition
to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents will not be obtained.

(yy) Shell Company Status. The Company is
not, and has never been, an issuer identified in Rule 144(i)(1).

(zz) Full Disclosure. Subject to Section
6.20 of this Agreement, to the Companys Knowledge, no representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement and
the other Transaction Documents, and no statement contained in the Disclosure Schedules hereto, contains any untrue statement of a material
fact, or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading.

(bbb) No Other Representations or Warranties.
The Company has not made and does not make any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other
than those specifically set forth in this Section 3.1. In particular, without limiting the foregoing disclaimer, neither the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries nor any other person makes or has made any representation or warranty to the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates
or representatives, except for the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Article III, with respect to (i) any financial
projection, forecast, estimate, budget or prospective information relating to the Company, the Bank or any of the Companys other
Subsidiaries or their respective businesses or (ii) any oral or written information presented to the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates
or representatives in the course of their due diligence investigation of the Company, the negotiation of this Agreement or in the course
of the transactions contemplated hereby.

30 

Section 3.2 Representations and Warranties of
the Purchasers. Each Purchaser hereby, for itself and for no other Purchaser, represents and warrants as of the date of this Agreement
and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows:

(a) Organization;
Authority. If such Purchaser is an entity, it is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction
of its organization with the requisite corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other power and authority to enter into and
to consummate the transactions contemplated by the applicable Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder
and thereunder. If such Purchaser is an entity, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and performance by such Purchaser of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or, if such Purchaser is not a corporation,
such partnership, limited liability company or other applicable like action, on the part of such Purchaser, and no further approval or
authorization by any of such persons, as the case may be, is required. This Agreement has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when
delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser,
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium, liquidation, or similar Laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors rights
and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application.

(b) No
Conflicts. The execution, delivery, and performance by such Purchaser of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and
the consummation by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation of the organizational
documents of such Purchaser, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would
become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture,
or instrument to which such Purchaser is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any Law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, or decree
(including federal and state securities Laws) applicable to such Purchaser, except in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, for such
conflicts, defaults, rights, or violations which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material
adverse effect on the ability of such Purchaser to perform its obligations hereunder.

(c) Investment
Intent. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under
the Securities Act or any applicable state securities Law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with
a view to, or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities Laws, provided, however, that by making the representations herein, such Purchaser does not agree to hold any of the Securities
for any minimum period of time and reserves the right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Securities
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act or under an exemption from such registration and in compliance
with applicable federal and state securities Laws. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its
business. Such Purchaser does not presently have any agreement, plan, or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute
or effect any distribution of any of the Securities (or any securities which are derivatives thereof) to or through any person or entity.
Such Purchaser is not a registered broker dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act or an entity engaged in a business that would require
it to be so registered as a broker dealer.

31 

(d) Purchaser
Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and at the date hereof it is, an accredited investor
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act. Such Purchaser has provided the information in the Accredited Investor Questionnaire
attached hereto as Exhibit B, and the information contained therein is complete and accurate as of the date thereof,
as of the date hereof, and as of the Closing Date.

(e) Residency.
Such Purchasers office in which its investment decision with respect to the Securities was made is located at the address for such
Purchaser set forth under such Purchasers name on the signature page hereof.

(f) Experience
of Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication, and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is capable of protecting its own interests in connection
with this investment and has experience as an investor in securities of companies like the Company. Such Purchaser is able to hold the
Securities indefinitely if required, is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities, and, at the present time, is
able to afford a complete loss of such investment. Further, Purchaser understands that no representation is being made as to the future
trading value or trading volume of the Securities.

(g) Access
to Information. Such Purchaser is sufficiently aware of the Companys business affairs and financial condition to reach an informed
and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Securities. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Disclosure
Materials and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from,
management and representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and
risks of investing in the Securities and any such questions have been answered to such Purchasers reasonable satisfaction; (ii)
access to information about the Company and the Subsidiaries and their respective financial condition, results of operations, business,
properties, management, and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional
information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment
decision with respect to the investment. The Purchaser has received all information it deems appropriate for assessing the risk of an
investment in the Securities. Neither such inquiries nor any other investigation conducted by or on behalf of such Purchaser or its representatives
or counsel shall modify, amend or affect such Purchasers right to rely on the representations and warranties contained in the Transaction
Documents. Purchaser acknowledges that the Company has not made any representation, express or implied, with respect to the accuracy,
completeness, or adequacy of any available information except that the Company has made the express representations and warranties contained
in Section 3.1 of this Agreement,

(h) Independent
Investment Decision. Such Purchaser has independently evaluated the merits of its decision to invest in the Securities pursuant to
the Transaction Documents, and such Purchaser confirms that it has not relied on the advice of the Company (or any of its agents, counsel,
or Affiliates) or any other Purchaser or other Purchasers business and/or legal counsel in making such decision. Such Purchaser
understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser in connection
with the investment in the Securities constitutes legal, regulatory, tax, or investment advice. Such Purchaser has consulted such legal,
tax, and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its investment in the
Securities. Such Purchaser has not relied on the business, legal, or regulatory advice of the Companys agents, counsel, or Affiliates
in making its investment decision hereunder, and confirms that none of such Persons has made any representations or warranties to such
Purchaser in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

32 

(i) Reliance
on Exemptions. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance on specific exemptions
from the registration requirements of U.S. federal and state securities laws, and that the Company is relying in part upon the truth and
accuracy of, and such Purchasers compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgements, and understandings
of such Purchaser set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of such Purchaser to
acquire the Securities.

(j) No
Governmental Review. Such Purchaser understands that no U.S. federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency
has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities
nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities. Such Purchaser understands that the Securities
are not savings accounts, deposits or other obligations of any bank and are not insured by the FDIC, including the FDICs Deposit
Insurance Fund, or any other governmental entity.

(k) Trading.
Such Purchaser acknowledges that there is a limited trading market for the Common Stock and that there will be no trading market for the
Series A Preferred Stock.

(l) Knowledge
as to Conditions. Such Purchaser does not know of any reason why any regulatory approvals and, to the extent necessary, any other
approvals, authorizations, filings, registrations, and notices required or otherwise a condition to the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will not be obtained, solely with respect to facts or circumstances related to such Purchaser.

(m) Reliance.
The Company will be entitled to rely upon this Agreement and is irrevocably authorized to produce this Agreement or a copy hereof to (i)
any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction over the Company and its Affiliates, and (ii) any interested party in any Proceeding with
respect to the matters covered hereby, in each case, to the extent required by any Governmental Entity to which the Company is subject,
provided that the Company provides the Purchaser with prior written notice of such disclosure to the extent practicable and allowed by
applicable Law.

(n) Certain
Fees. No Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any valid right, interest, or claim against
or upon the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, or any Purchaser for any commission, fee, or other compensation pursuant to any agreement,
arrangement, or understanding entered into by or on behalf of such Purchaser.

(o) No
General Solicitation. Such Purchaser is not investing in the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice, or other
communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or
presented at any seminar or any other form of general solicitation or general advertising (as such terms are
used in Regulation D).

33 

(p) No
Agreements. Such Purchaser has not entered into any agreements with shareholders of the Company or other subscribers (i) for the purpose
of controlling the Company or any Subsidiary or (ii) regarding voting or transferring Purchasers interest in the Company.

(p) Antitrust
and Other Consents, Filings, Etc. Assuming the accuracy of the Companys representations and warranties regarding its capitalization,
no approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Entity or authority
or any other person or entity in respect of any law or regulation, including the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976,
as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, is necessary or required to be obtained or made by such Purchaser, and no lapse
of a waiting period under law applicable to such Purchaser is necessary or required, in each case in connection with the execution, delivery,
or performance by such Purchaser of this Agreement or the investment in the Securities contemplated hereby, other than passivity or anti-association
commitments or other documentation that may be required by the Federal Reserve or other federal or state banking authority and except
for such schedules or statements required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 13D-G of the Exchange Act.

(q) Financial
Capability. At the Closing, such Purchaser shall have available funds necessary to consummate the Closing on the terms and conditions
contemplated by this Agreement.

(r) Regulation M.
Such Purchaser is aware that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of Securities and other
activities with respect to the Securities by the Purchasers.

(s) Beneficial
Ownership. Subject to the accuracy of the Companys representation in Section 3.1(g), the purchase by such Purchaser
of the Securities issuable to it at the Closing will not result in such Purchaser (including its Affiliates or any other Persons with
which it is acting in concert or whose holdings would otherwise be required to be aggregated for purposes of the BHC Act or the CIBC Act)
acquiring, or obtaining the right to acquire, more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the voting securities of the
Company or such amount of the voting securities and/or nonvoting securities of the Company that would constitute control
under the BHC Act or the CIBC Act on a post transaction basis that assumes that such Closing shall have occurred. Such Purchaser does
not presently intend to, alone or together with others, make a public filing with the Commission to disclose that it has (or that it together
with such other Persons have) acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, as a result of such Closing (when added to any other securities
of the Company that it or they then own or have the right to acquire), more than 9.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the
voting securities of Company or such amount of the voting securities and/or nonvoting securities of the Company that would constitute
control under the BHC Act or the CIBC Act of the Company on a post transaction basis that assumes that such Closing shall
have occurred.

(t) No
Other Representation. Such Purchaser has not made and does not make any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in this Section 3.2.

ARTICLE IV 

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 

Section 4.1 Transfer Restrictions.

(a) Compliance
with Laws. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IV, each Purchaser covenants that the Purchased Shares and the
Underlying Shares may be disposed of only pursuant to an effective registration statement under, and in compliance with the requirements
of, the Securities Act, or pursuant to an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements
of the Securities Act, and in compliance with any applicable state, federal or foreign securities Laws. In connection with any transfer
of the Purchased Shares or Underlying Shares other than (i) pursuant to an effective registration statement, (ii) to the Company or (iii)
pursuant to Rule 144 (provided that the transferor provides the Company with reasonable assurances (in the form of a seller representation
letter and, if applicable, a broker representation letter) that such securities may be sold pursuant to such rule), the Company may require
the transferor thereof to provide to the Company and the Transfer Agent, at the transferors expense, an opinion of counsel selected
by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company and the Transfer Agent, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company and the Transfer Agent, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such Securities
under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer (other than pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of the preceding sentence), any
such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and shall have the rights of a Purchaser under this
Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, if applicable, with respect to such transferred Shares.

34 

(b) Legends.
Certificates evidencing the Securities shall bear any legend as required by the blue sky laws of any state and a restrictive
legend in substantially the following form, until such time as they are not required under Section 4.1(c) or applicable Law:

THE ISSUANCE OF THESE SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933 (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD,
TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (B)
AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR BLUE SKY LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY
AND ITS TRANSFER AGENT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT (PROVIDED THAT THE TRANSFEROR PROVIDES THE COMPANY WITH
REASONABLE ASSURANCES (IN THE FORM OF A SELLER REPRESENTATION LETTER AND, IF APPLICABLE, A BROKER REPRESENTATION LETTER) THAT THE SECURITIES
MAY BE SOLD PURSUANT TO SUCH RULE).

(c) Removal
of Legends. Upon the request of the holder, the restrictive legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) above shall be removed and the
Company shall issue a certificate or book entry shares without such restrictive legend or any other restrictive legend to the holder of
the applicable Securities upon which it is stamped, if (i) such Securities are registered for resale under the Securities Act, (ii) such
Securities are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, or (iii) such Securities are eligible for sale under Rule 144, without the requirement
for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable)
as to such securities and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions. Following the earlier of (i) the Effective Date or (ii) Rule
144 becoming available for the resale of Securities, without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public
information required under Rule 144(c)(1) (or Rule 144(i)(2), if applicable) as to the Securities and without volume or manner-of-sale
restrictions, the Company, upon the written request of the holder, shall instruct the Transfer Agent to remove the legend from the Securities
and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its counsel to issue any legend removal opinion required by the Transfer Agent within
five (5) Business Days of such written request. Any fees (with respect to the Company or the Transfer Agent, attorneys fees or
otherwise) associated with the issuance of such opinion or the removal of such legend shall be borne by the Company. If a legend is no
longer required pursuant to the foregoing, the Company will (A) remove all restrictive legends from shares that are held in book entry
form and (B) no later than five (5) Trading Days following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Transfer Agent (with notice to the Company)
of a legended certificate representing such Securities (endorsed or with stock powers attached, signatures guaranteed, and otherwise in
form necessary to affect the reissuance and/or transfer) and a representation letter to the extent required by Section 4.1(a) deliver
or cause to be delivered to Purchaser a certificate representing such Securities that is free from all restrictive legends. Except to
the extent required by Law, the Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge
the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4.1(c).

35 

(d) The Company
shall cooperate, in accordance with reasonable and customary business practices with any and all transfers, whether by direct or indirect
sale, assignment, award, confirmation, distribution, bequest, donation, trust, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation or other transfer or
disposition, for consideration or otherwise, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, by the Purchasers
or any of their respective successors and assigns of the Shares and other shares of Common Stock such party may beneficially own prior
to or subsequent to the date hereof.

Section 4.2 Acknowledgment of Dilution.
The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. The Company
further acknowledges that its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation its obligation to issue the Securities
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are unconditional (except as otherwise set forth herein), absolute and not subject to any right
of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against
any Purchaser and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other shareholders of the Company.

Section 4.3 Directors and Officers
Insurance. For a period of six (6) years after the Closing Date, the Company shall cause to be maintained in effect the current policies
of directors and officers liability insurance maintained by the Company (provided, that the Company may substitute therefor
policies with a substantially comparable insurer of at least the same coverage and amounts containing terms and conditions which are no
less advantageous to the insured) with respect to claims against the present and former officers and directors of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries arising from facts or events which occurred at or before the Closing Date (including the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement).

Section 4.4 Form D and Blue Sky. The Company
agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Purchased Shares as required under Regulation D. The Company, on or before the Closing
Date, shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for or to qualify
the Purchased Shares for sale to the Purchasers at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities or Blue Sky
Laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification). The Company shall make all filings and reports
relating to the offer and sale of the Purchased Shares required under applicable securities or Blue Sky Laws of the states
of the United States following the Closing Date.

Section 4.5 No Integration. The Company
shall not, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that no Affiliate of the Company shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit
offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that will be integrated
with the offer or sale of the Purchased Shares in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of
the Purchased Shares to the Purchasers.

36 

Section 4.6 Intentionally omitted.

Section 4.7 Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification
of Purchasers. In addition to any other indemnity provided in the Transaction Documents, if applicable, the Company will indemnify
and hold each Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees, agents, and investment advisors (and
any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other
title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange
Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners, employees, agents, or investment advisors (and any other Persons
with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling
person (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies,
damages, costs, and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs, and reasonable attorneys fees
and costs of investigation (collectively, Losses) that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of
(i) any material breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants, or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in
the other Transaction Documents; provided, however, that the Purchaser Party must notify the Company of such breach that
constitutes a material breach that the Purchaser Party maintains would trigger the indemnification rights and claims outlined in this
paragraph within thirty (30) days of knowledge of such breach; (ii) any action instituted against a Purchaser Party in any capacity, or
any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any shareholder of the Company who is not an affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect
to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and (iii) any action or investigation instituted against a Purchaser Party
in any capacity, or any of them, by any Governmental Entity, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Any
indemnification payment made pursuant to this Agreement shall be treated as an adjustment to purchase price for Tax purposes, except as
otherwise required by Law or deemed impermissible under GAAP. Such payment shall not result in an adjustment to the value of the original
investment reported by the Company under GAAP.

(b) Third
Party Claims. Promptly after receipt by any Purchaser Party (each, an Indemnified Party) of notice of any demand,
claim, or circumstances which would or might give rise to a claim or the commencement of any Action in respect of which indemnity may
be sought pursuant to Section 4.7(a), such Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing and the Company may assume the
defense thereof, including the employment of counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party, and shall assume the payment of
all fees and expenses; provided, however, that the failure of any Indemnified Party so to notify the Company shall not relieve
the Company of its obligations hereunder except to the extent that the Company is actually and materially and adversely prejudiced by
such failure to notify. In any such Action, any Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses
of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party unless (i) the Company and the Indemnified Party shall have mutually
agreed to the retention of such counsel, (ii) the Company shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Action and to employ
counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified Party in such Action, or (iii) in the reasonable judgment of counsel to such Indemnified
Party, representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between
them; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (plus
local counsel, if reasonably necessary) at any time for each group of Affiliated Indemnified Parties. The Company shall not be liable
for any settlement of any Action effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.
Without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, the Company shall not effect any settlement of any pending or threatened Action
in respect of which any Indemnified Party is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified
Party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all liability arising out of such Action.

37 

(c) 
Sole and Exclusive Remedy. The indemnity provided for in this Section 4.7 shall be the sole and exclusive monetary remedy
of Indemnified Parties after the Closing for any inaccuracy of any representation or warranty or any other breach of any covenant or agreement
contained in this Agreement; provided that nothing herein shall limit in any way any such partys remedies in respect of fraud or
willful misconduct by any other party in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. No party to this Agreement (or any of its
Affiliates) shall, in any event, be liable or otherwise responsible to any other party (or any of its Affiliates) for any consequential
or punitive damages of such other party (or any of its Affiliates) arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the performance or
breach hereof.

Section 4.8 Use of Proceeds. The Company
intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital,
capital expenditures, and the contribution of a material portion of the proceeds to the Bank, as additional capital.

Section 4.9 Limitation on Beneficial Ownership.
No Purchaser (and its Affiliates or any other Persons with which it is acting in concert) shall be entitled to purchase a number of Common
Shares that would result in such Purchaser becoming, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner (as determined under Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act) at the Closing of more than 9.99% of the number of shares of the Companys voting securities issued and outstanding.

Section 4.10 Anti-Takeover Matters. If any
Takeover Law may become, or may purport to be, applicable to the transactions contemplated or permitted by this Agreement, the Company
and the Board shall grant such approvals and take such actions as are necessary so that the transactions contemplated or permitted by
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents may be consummated, as promptly as practicable, on the terms contemplated by this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, and otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the effects of any Takeover Law on
any of the transactions contemplated or permitted by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.

Section 4.11 No Additional Issuances. Between
the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, except for the Shares being issued pursuant to this Agreement and Transaction Documents
with other Purchasers, the Company shall not issue or agree to issue any additional shares of Common Stock or other securities that provide
the holder thereof the right to convert such securities into, or acquire, shares of Common Stock. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing
in this Section 4.11 shall restrict the Company from issuing securities in response or pursuant to an order or directive by the
Federal Reserve with respect to capital adequacy.

Section 4.12 Conduct of Business Pending Closing.
From the date hereof until the earlier of the Closing Date or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, except as
contemplated or permitted by this Agreement (including as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules), required by Law or as consented to in
writing by the Purchaser (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) the Company will, and will cause its Subsidiaries,
to operate their business in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and to use commercially reasonable efforts
to preserve intact the current business organization of the Company, to retain the services of their officers, employees, consultants
and agents, preserve its rights and permits issued by governmental authorities, preserve the current relationships of the Company and
its Subsidiaries with material customers and other Persons with whom the Company and its Subsidiaries have and intend to maintain significant
relations and maintain all of its operating assets in their current condition (normal wear and tear excepted), and not take any action
that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

38 

Section 4.13 Avoidance of Control.

(a) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no Purchaser (together with its Affiliates (as such term is used under the BHCA)) shall have
the ability to purchase or exercise any voting rights of any securities in excess of 9.99% of the outstanding shares of any class of voting
securities of the Company.

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall take any action (including, without limitation,
any redemption, repurchase, rescission or recapitalization of Common Stock, or securities or rights, options or warrants to purchase Common
Stock, or securities of any type whatsoever that are, or may become, convertible into or exchangeable into or exercisable for Common Stock
in each case, where each Purchaser is not given the right to participate in such redemption, repurchase, rescission, or recapitalization
to the extent of such Purchasers pro rata proportion) that would reasonably be expected to pose a substantial risk that (a) a Purchasers
equity securities of the Company (together with equity securities owned by such Purchasers affiliates (as such term is used under
the BHCA) would exceed 33.3% of the Companys total equity or (b) a Purchasers ownership of any class of voting securities
of the Company (together with the ownership by such Purchasers affiliates (as such term is used under the BHCA) of voting securities
of the Company) would (i) exceed 9.99%, in each case without the prior written consent of such Purchaser and receipt of any required Bank
Regulatory Approvals, or (ii) increase to an amount that would constitute control under the BHCA, the CIBC Act, any applicable
provisions of the Laws of the State of Connecticut, or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder (or any successor provisions) or
otherwise cause such Purchaser to control the Company under and for purposes of the BHCA, the CIBC Act, any applicable provisions
of the Laws of the State of Connecticut, or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder (or any successor provisions). Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no Purchaser (together with its respective Affiliates (as such term is used under the BHCA))
shall have the ability to purchase more than 33.3% of the Companys total equity or exercise any voting rights of any class of securities
in excess of 9.99% of any outstanding class of voting securities of the Company.

(c) In the
event either the Company or any Purchaser breaches its obligations under this Section 4.13, or believes that it is reasonably likely
to breach such an obligation, it shall promptly notify the other party hereto and shall cooperate in good faith with such other party
to promptly modify any ownership or make other arrangements or take any other action, in each case, as is necessary to cure or avoid such
breach; provided that no such modification shall require any Purchaser to increase or decrease its ownership interest in the Company without
the consent of such other Purchaser.

Section 4.14 No Change of Control. The Company
shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain all necessary irrevocable waivers, adopt any required amendments and make all appropriate
determinations so that the issuance of the Shares to the Purchasers will not trigger a change of control or other similar
provision in any Material Contracts and any employment, change in control, severance or other employee or director compensation
agreements or any benefit plan of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which results in payments to the counterparty or the acceleration
of vesting of benefits. Prior to Closing, the Company shall not and shall not agree to, enter into or entered into (A) any agreement or
transaction in order to raise capital, or (B) any transaction that resulted in, or would result in if consummated, a Change in Control
of the Company, in each case, other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents with the Purchasers.

39 

Section 4.15 Reporting Obligations. For
so long as the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts
to timely file with the Commission (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) such reports
and information required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act. If the Company is not subject to such reporting requirements, it agrees
to use reasonable best efforts to provide to each Purchaser quarterly unaudited financial statements for the first, second and third fiscal
quarter, within 45 days of the end of each fiscal quarter, and annual audited financial statements, within 120 days of the end of each
fiscal year.

Section 4.16 Filings; Other Actions. Each
Purchaser, with respect to itself only, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, will reasonably cooperate and consult with
the other and use commercially reasonable efforts to provide all necessary and customary information and data, to prepare and file all
necessary and customary documentation, to effect all necessary and customary applications, notices, petitions, filings and other documents,
to provide evidence of non-control of the Company and the Bank, as requested by the applicable Governmental Entity, including executing
and delivering to the applicable Governmental Entities customary passivity commitments, disassociation commitments, and commitments not
to act in concert, with respect to the Company or the Bank, and to obtain all necessary and customary permits, consents, orders, approvals,
and authorizations of, or any exemption by, all third parties and Governmental Entities, in each case, (i) necessary or advisable to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to perform the covenants contemplated by this Agreement, in each case required by
it, and (ii) with respect to a Purchaser, to the extent typically provided by such Purchaser to such third parties or Governmental Entities,
as applicable, under such Purchasers policies consistently applied, to the extent such Purchaser has such policies, and subject
to such confidentiality requests as such Purchaser may reasonably seek. Each of the parties hereto shall execute and deliver both before
and after the Closing such further certificates, agreements, and other documents and take such other actions as the other parties may
reasonably request to consummate or implement such transactions or to evidence such events or matters, subject, in each case, to clauses
(i) and (ii) of the first sentence of this Section 4.16. Each Purchaser, with respect to itself only, and the Company will have
the right to review in advance, and to the extent practicable each will consult with the other, in each case subject to applicable Laws
relating to the exchange of information (other than confidential information related to such Purchaser and any of its respective Affiliates),
which appears in any filing made with, or written materials submitted to, any third party or any Governmental Entity in connection with
the transactions to which it will be party contemplated by this Agreement; provided that (i) for the avoidance of doubt, no Purchaser
shall have the right to review any such information relating to another Purchaser and (ii) a Purchaser shall not be required to disclose
to the Company or any other Purchaser any information that is confidential and proprietary to such Purchaser, its Affiliates, its investment
advisors, or its or their control persons or equity holders. In exercising the foregoing right, the parties hereto agree to act reasonably
and as promptly as practicable. Each Purchaser, with respect to itself only, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, agrees
to keep each other reasonably apprised of the status of matters referred to in this Section 4.16. Each Purchaser, with respect
to itself only, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, shall promptly furnish each other with copies of written communications
received by it or its Affiliates from, or delivered by any of the foregoing to, any Governmental Entity in respect of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement; provided, that the party delivering any such document may redact any confidential information contained
therein or information that cannot be shared under applicable Laws. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 4.16 or elsewhere
in this Agreement to the contrary, no Purchaser shall be required to provide to any Person pursuant to this Agreement any of its, its
Affiliates, its investment advisors or its or their control persons or equity holders nonpublic, proprietary,
personal, or otherwise confidential information including the identities or financial condition of limited partners, shareholders, or
non-managing members of such Purchaser or its Affiliates or their investment advisors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 4.16, no Purchaser shall be required to perform any of the above actions if such performance would constitute or could
reasonably be expected to result in any restriction or condition that such Purchaser determines, in its reasonable good faith judgment,
(i) is materially and unreasonably burdensome, or (ii) would reduce the benefits of the transactions contemplated hereby to such Purchaser
to such a degree that such Purchaser would not have entered into this Agreement had such condition or restriction been known to it on
the date of this Agreement (any such condition or restriction, a Burdensome Condition); for the avoidance of doubt,
any requirement to disclose the identities or financial condition of limited partners, shareholders, or non-managing members of such Purchaser
or its Affiliates or its investment advisers shall be deemed a Burdensome Condition unless otherwise determined by such Purchaser in its
sole discretion.

40 

Section 4.17 Notice of Certain Events. Each
party hereto shall promptly notify the other party hereto of (a) any event, condition, fact, circumstance, occurrence, transaction or
other item of which such party becomes aware prior to the Closing that would constitute a violation or breach of the Transaction Documents
(or a breach of any representation or warranty contained herein or therein) or, if the same were to continue to exist as of the Closing
Date, would constitute the non-satisfaction of any of the conditions set forth in Section 5.1 or 5.2 hereof, and (b) any
event, condition, fact, circumstance, occurrence, transaction or other item of which such party becomes aware that would have been required
to have been disclosed pursuant to the terms of this Agreement had such event, condition, fact, circumstance, occurrence, transaction
or other item existed as of the date hereof; provided that delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 4.17 shall not modify
the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or obligations of the parties (or remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions
to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement.

Section 4.18 Shareholder Litigation. The
Company shall promptly inform the Purchasers of any Proceeding (Shareholder Litigation) against the Company, any
of its Subsidiaries or any of the past or present executive officers or directors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is threatened
in writing or initiated by or on behalf of any shareholder of the Company in connection with or relating to the transactions contemplated
hereby or by the Transaction Documents. The Company shall consult with the Purchasers and keep the Purchasers informed of all material
filings and developments relating to any such Shareholder Litigation.

Section 4.19 Intentionally omitted.

Section 4.20 Intentionally omitted.

Section 4.21 Shareholder Approval.

(a) 
The Company shall duly call, give notice of, establish a record date for, convene and hold its annual or special shareholders meeting
(the Shareholders Meeting), for the purpose of, among other matters: (i) voting upon approval and adoption
of the amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation),
which shall, inter alia, authorize the issuance of (x) up to 2,000,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 200,000,000 shares
of Common Stock shall be designated as Non-Voting Common Stock, 1,800,000,000 shares shall be designated as voting Common Stock, each
par value $0.01 per share, and (y) 200,000,000 shares shall be designated as preferred stock, without par value, which shall contain such
rights, privileges and designations as the Board may from time to time designate, of which the Board shall designate such number of shares
as necessary as non-voting non-cumulative perpetual convertible preferred stock with a liquidation value of $9.00 per share and which
shall be convertible into Non-Voting Common Stock and/or voting Common Stock, as applicable, at a per share conversion price of $0.75
per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation; (ii) if applicable, voting upon
such approval as may be required by the applicable rules of the Principal Trading Market for issuances of the Securities, including, without
limitation, the issuance in excess of the Exchange Cap; and (iii) voting upon the approval of the Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan to provide
equity-based incentives to directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Company (collectively, the Shareholder Approval).

41 

(b) 
The Company shall: (A) through its Board recommend to its shareholders the approval and adoption of the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, the approval to effect issuances in excess of the Exchange Cap, as applicable and the approval of the Omnibus Equity
Incentive Plan (collectively, the Company Recommendations); (B) include such Company Recommendations in the proxy
statement delivered to shareholders; and (C) use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the Shareholder Approval. Neither the Board nor
any committee thereof shall withdraw, qualify or modify, or propose publicly to withdraw, qualify or modify, in a manner adverse to a
Purchaser, the Company Recommendations or take any action, or make any public statement, filing or release inconsistent with the Company
Recommendations. The Company shall adjourn or postpone the Shareholders Meeting, if, as of the time for which such meeting is originally
scheduled there are insufficient shares of Common Stock represented (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to
conduct the business of such meeting. The Company shall also adjourn or postpone the Shareholders Meeting, if on the date of the
Shareholders Meeting the Company has not received proxies representing a sufficient number of shares necessary to obtain the Shareholder
Approval and, following such adjournment or postponement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to solicit proxies representing
a sufficient number of shares to obtain the Shareholder Approval. Following the first of either such adjournment or postponement, if requested
by a Purchaser, the Company shall retain a proxy solicitor reasonably acceptable to, and on terms reasonably acceptable to, such Purchaser
in connection with obtaining the Shareholder Approval.

(c) After obtaining the Shareholder Approval, the Company
shall as promptly as reasonably practical, file the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the
State of Connecticut, as required by applicable Law and provide each Purchaser a certificate from the Secretary of State of the State
of Connecticut evidencing that the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is in full force and effect as of a date within five
(5) Business Days after the date of the Shareholders Meeting.

Section 4.22 Principal Market Regulation.
The Company shall not issue any shares of Common Stock if the issuance of such shares of Common Stock (taken together with each issuance
of such shares of Common Stock (x) upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Shares in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation
or otherwise and (y) upon the conversion of the Non-Voting Common Stock in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation or otherwise)
would exceed 19.9% of the total outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, or more than 19.9% of the total voting power of the
Companys securities, in each case immediately preceding the issuance of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement (the number of shares
which may be issued without violating such limitation, the Exchange Cap), except that such limitation shall not apply
in the event that the Company obtains (A) the approval of its shareholders as required by the applicable rules of the Principal Trading
Market for issuances of shares of Common Stock in excess of such amount or (B) a written waiver of such approval requirement from the
Principal Trading Market. Until such approval or such written waiver is obtained, (i) the Purchasers (collectively, the Existing
Buyers and each, individually, an Existing Buyer) shall not be issued in the aggregate, upon conversion
of any Series A Preferred Shares or Non-Voting Common Stock, or otherwise pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or the Certificate of
Incorporation, shares of Common Stock in an amount greater than the difference between the Exchange Cap minus the aggregate number of
shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to this Agreement on the Closing Date (the Exchange Cap Maximum) and (ii)
no Existing Buyer shall be permitted to convert Series A Preferred Shares or Non-Voting Common Stock with respect to more than such Existing
Buyers pro rata amount of such Exchange Cap Maximum (such amount, with respect to each Existing Buyer, its Exchange Cap
Allocation Amount) determined based upon such Existing Buyers percentage ownership of the sum of (1) the aggregate number
of shares of Common Stock issued to all Purchasers that purchased Series A Preferred Shares pursuant to this Agreement on the Closing
Date plus (2) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of all Series A Preferred Shares and/or Non-Voting
Common Stock. In the event that such Existing Buyer shall sell or otherwise transfer any of such Existing Buyers Series A Preferred
Shares or Non-Voting Common Stock, the transferee shall be allocated a pro rata portion of such Existing Buyers Exchange Cap Allocation
Amount with respect to such portion of such Series A Preferred Shares or Non-Voting Common Stock so transferred, and the restrictions
of the prior sentence shall apply to such transferee with respect to the portion of the Exchange Cap Allocation Amount so allocated to
such transferee. Upon conversion in full of such Existing Buyers Series A Preferred Shares or Non-Voting Common Stock, the difference
(if any) between such Existing Buyers Exchange Cap Allocation Amount and the number of shares of Common Stock actually issued to
such Existing Buyer upon such Existing Buyers conversion in full of such Series A Preferred Shares or Non-Voting Common Stock shall
be allocated to the respective Exchange Cap Allocation Amounts of the remaining Existing Buyers of Series A Preferred Shares or Non-Voting
Common Stock on a pro rata basis in proportion to the relative Exchange Cap Allocation Amounts of such Existing Buyers.

42 

Section 4.23 Preemptive Rights.

(a) 
If during five (5) years after the date hereof, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries proposes to offer or sell (the Offering)
any securities (any such security, a New Security) (other than (i) any Common Stock, Non-Voting Common Stock or other
securities issuable upon the exercise or conversion of any securities of the Company issued or agreed or contemplated (and disclosed to
the Purchasers in writing) to be issued as of the date hereof; (ii) equity grants awarded, or securities issued, pursuant to the 2020
Plan and the Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan or as an inducement award to a new employee, as applicable; or (iii) issuances of capital stock
as full or partial consideration for a merger, acquisition, joint venture, strategic alliance, license agreement or other similar non-financing
transaction), then the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to offer to each Purchaser listed in Schedule II who has executed
a customary non-disclosure agreement for the limited purpose of this provision, the right to participate in the Offering on the same terms
as such securities are proposed to be offered to others less the amount paid to any investment banker, broker, broker-dealer, finder,
or placement agent. To the extent the Offering of the New Security is over-subscribed, each Purchaser shall have a preferential right
to subscribe for the amount of New Securities required to enable it to maintain its proportionate Common Stock equivalent interest in
the Company (or its Subsidiaries) immediately prior to any such issuance of New Securities.

(b) 
Notwithstanding anything in this Section 4.23 to the contrary, in no event shall a Purchaser have the right to purchase New Securities
hereunder to the extent (i) such purchase would result in such Purchaser, together with any other Person whose Company securities would
be aggregated with such Purchasers Company securities for purposes of any bank regulation or law, collectively being deemed to
own, control or have the power to vote securities which (assuming, for this purpose only, full conversion and/or exercise of such securities
by such Purchaser) would represent more than 9.99% (or following the Bank Regulatory Approvals, 24.9% with respect to applicable Co-Lead
Investor(s)) of the voting securities or more than 33.3% of the Companys total equity outstanding, or (ii) such right would result
in such Purchaser being deemed to control, including pursuant to the terms of 12 C.F.R. 225.9(a)(1) and/or 12 C.F.R. 225.9
(a)(5), voting securities that would result in such Purchaser being deemed to control the Company or the Bank for purposes of the BHCA
or the CIBC Act or any implementing regulations thereunder. 

43 

(c) Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 4.23 to the contrary, upon the request of any Purchaser that such Purchaser not be issued voting securities
in whole or in part upon the exercise of its rights to purchase New Securities, the Company shall cooperate with such Purchaser to modify
the proposed issuance of New Securities to such Purchaser to provide for the issuance of Series A Preferred Stock, Non-Voting Common Stock
or other non-voting securities in lieu of voting securities; provided, however, that to the extent, following such reasonable
cooperation, such modification would cause any other Purchaser to exceed its respective ownership limitation set forth in this Agreement,
the Company shall, and shall only be obligated to, issue and sell to the Purchaser such number of voting securities and nonvoting securities
as will not cause any other Purchaser to exceed its respective ownership limitation set forth in this Agreement and that the Purchaser
has indicated it is willing to hold following consummation of such Offering, and any remaining securities may be offered, sold or otherwise
transferred to any other person or persons.

(d) If a Purchaser
exercises its rights provided in this Section 4.23, the closing of the purchase of the New Securities in connection with the closing
of the Offering with respect to which such right has been exercised shall take place concurrently with the closing of the Offering triggering
the right being exercised by such Purchaser. Each of the Company and such Purchaser agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts
to secure any regulatory or shareholder approvals or other consents, and to comply with any law or regulation necessary in connection
with the offer, sale and purchase of, such New Securities.

(e) Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 4.23 to the contrary, a majority of the directors of the Board may waive the provisions of Section
4.23 (in whole or in part) or reduce a Purchasers allocation in an Offering if (i) the Board determines that the Company must
issue equity or debt securities on an expedited basis, (ii) that there are strategic reasons to conduct an Offering or include an investor
in the Offering who is not a Purchaser, or (iii) the compliance with the provisions of Section 4.23 (in whole or in part) would
negatively impact the timing, terms, size, or value of the Offering or otherwise harm the Company.

Section 4.24. Subsequent Financing Rights.

(a) Notification
of Subsequent Financing. Until December 31, 2026, in the event that any Offering of Common Stock or other equity-based securities
(other than such offerings described in Section 4.23(a)(i) through (iii)) (a Subsequent Financing) is on terms that
are more favorable than the terms and conditions, including, without limitation, the Purchase Price, applicable to the securities purchased
hereunder (the Existing Securities), then the Company shall promptly notify the Purchaser in writing (the MFN
Notice) and offer the Purchasers, jointly and severally, the right of first refusal to fund the entirety of the Subsequent
Financing on the terms and conditions provided in the MFN Notice; provided, however, that the restrictions in Section
4.23(b) applicable to rights to purchase New Securities shall apply to any rights to purchase Common Stock or other equity-based securities
under this Section 4.24. The MFN Notice shall include (i) the material terms and conditions of the Subsequent Financing; (ii) copies
of any draft definitive agreements, term sheets, or related documentation for the Subsequent Financing; and (iii) the anticipated closing
date of the Subsequent Financing.

(b) Procedures
for Exercise. The Purchaser shall notify the Company in writing of its election to invest in the Subsequent Financing within five
(5) Business Days of the Purchasers receipt of the MFN Notice or such shorter time period of at least one (1) Business Day if the
Board deems it necessary to expedite the closing of the Subsequent Financing (the Election Period). If the Purchaser
does not provide written notice of its election within the Election Period, the Purchaser shall be deemed to have waived its rights under
this Section 4.24 with respect to the specific Subsequent Financing described in the MFN Notice.

44 

(c) 
Priority. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of this Section 4.24 and any other provision of
this Agreement, the terms of this Section 4.24 shall control.

Section 4.25. Employment Agreement and Omnibus Equity
Incentive Plan. On or prior to the Closing, the Company shall (a) enter into an employment agreement with Steven Sugarman, as President
of the Company, and (b) adopt the Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan to be effective upon the Shareholder Approval at the Shareholders
Meeting, with each of the employment agreement and Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan substantially in the form that will be available in the
Companys Data Room prior to Closing.

Section 4.26. Certain Post-Closing Matters.
Effective as of the close of business on the date that the Company shall have filed the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
with the Secretary of State of the State of Connecticut, as required by applicable law, (i) each issued and outstanding share of Series
A Preferred Stock will automatically convert into 80 shares of Non-Voting Common Stock, without any further action on the part of any
holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Shares of Non-Voting Common Stock issued upon the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock
may be converted into shares of Voting Common Stock in accordance with the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
following a Permissible Transfer.

ARTICLE V 

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING 

Section 5.1 Conditions Precedent to the Obligations
of the Purchasers to Purchase Shares. The obligation of each Purchaser to acquire Shares at the Closing is subject to the fulfillment,
on or prior to the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, any of which (other than any required regulatory approvals, the
receipt of which cannot be waived) may be waived by such Purchaser (as to itself only):

(a) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date, except for such representations and warranties
that speak as of a specific date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects
as of such date.

(b) Performance.
The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required
by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by it at or prior to the Closing.

(c) No
Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling, or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated,
or endorsed by any court or Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction, nor shall there have been any regulatory communication, that
prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or restricts any Purchaser or any of a
Purchasers Affiliates from owning or voting any securities of the Company in accordance with the terms thereof.

45 

(d) Consents.
The Company shall have obtained in a timely fashion any and all consents, permits, approvals, non-objections, registrations, and waivers
necessary for consummation of the purchase and sale of the Shares (including all Required Approvals, other than the filing with the Commission
of one or more Registration Statements in accordance with the requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement, obtaining the Shareholder
Approval and filing the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation), all of which shall be and remain so long as necessary in full
force and effect.

(e) Company
Deliverables. The Company shall have delivered the Company Deliverables in accordance with Section 2.2(a).

(f) Termination.
This Agreement shall not have been terminated as to such Purchaser in accordance with Section 6.10 herein.

(g) Ownership
Limitation. The purchase of Shares by such Purchaser shall not (i) cause such Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to violate any banking
law or regulation, (ii) require such Purchaser or any of its affiliates to file a prior notice under the CIBC Act, or otherwise seek prior
approval or non-objection of any banking regulator, (iii) require such Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to become a bank holding company
or otherwise serve as a source of strength for the Company or any Bank, or (iv) cause such Purchaser, together with any other person whose
Company securities would be aggregated with such Purchasers Company securities for purposes of any banking regulation or Law, to
collectively be deemed to own, control or have the power to vote securities which (assuming, for this purpose only, full conversion and/or
exercise of such securities by the Purchaser and such other Persons) would represent more than 9.99% of any class of voting securities
of the Company outstanding at such time.

(i) Burdensome
Condition. Since the date hereof, there shall not be imposed any Burdensome Condition.

(j) Certificate
of Designations. The Company shall have filed with the Connecticut Secretary of State (and the Connecticut Secretary of State shall
have issued a certificate of designations evidencing the effectiveness of) the Certificate of Designations, setting forth the terms of
the Series A Preferred Stock.

(k) Well-Capitalized
Status. After the Closing and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Company expects that: (A) the
Banks capital levels shall exceed the specific quantitative capital requirements necessary to be deemed well capitalized
as defined in 12 C.F.R. 6.4; (B) the Companys capital levels shall exceed the specific quantitative capital requirements
necessary to be deemed well capitalized as defined in 12 C.F.R. 225.2(r); (C) the Company and the Bank shall
meet or exceed all specific quantitative capital requirements stated in any written agreement, order, understanding or undertaking with
the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, or the OCC, as applicable; (D) subject to any regulatory limitations, the Common Shares and Non-Voting
Common Stock shall qualify as Common Equity Tier 1 capital under 12 C.F.R. Section 217.20(b) and the Series A Preferred
Shares shall qualify as Additional Tier 1 capital under 12 C.F.R. Section 217.20(c); and (E) the Companys capital
structure will otherwise comply with the predominance of voting common equity provisions of 12 C.F.R. Part 225, Appendix
A.

(l) Registration
Rights Agreement. The Company and the Purchasers shall have executed and delivered the Registration Rights Agreement.

Section 5.2 Conditions Precedent to the Obligations
of the Company to Sell Shares. The Companys obligation to sell and issue the Shares to each Purchaser at the Closing is subject
to the fulfillment on or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions, any of which may be waived by the Company:

46 

(a) Representations
and Warranties. The representations and warranties made by such Purchaser in Section 3.2 hereof shall be true and correct in
all material respects as of the Closing Date, except for such representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, in which
case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date.

(b) Performance.
Such Purchaser shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required
by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by such Purchaser at or prior to the Closing Date.

(c) No
Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by any court or Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents.

(d) Purchasers
Deliverables. Such Purchaser shall have delivered its Purchaser Deliverables in accordance with Section 2.2(b).

(e) Minimum
Offering Amount. The Company shall have received the Minimum Offering Amount, as it may be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.1(a), from
the Purchasers on or prior to the Escrow Funding Date or the Extended Escrow Funding Date.

(e) Termination.
This Agreement shall not have been terminated as to such Purchaser in accordance with Section 6.10 herein.

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 6.1 Fees and Expenses. At Closing,
the Company shall reimburse the Lead Investor for reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred by the Lead Investor of up to $350,000,
in the aggregate, relating to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (including the preparation, negotiation and review
of definitive documentation and regulatory filings and other disbursements), which may set off any aggregate Purchase Price payable by
the Lead Investor under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall pay legal costs for Lead Investor counsel up
to $150,000 in cash within five (5) Business Days of Closing. Except as set forth above and elsewhere in the Transaction Documents, the
parties hereto shall be responsible for the payment of all expenses incurred by them in connection with the preparation and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees,
stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the Companys sale and issuance of the Securities to the Purchasers.

Section 6.2 Entire Agreement. The Transaction
Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, discussions and representations, oral or written, with respect to such
matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. At or after the Closing, and without
further consideration, the Company and the Purchasers will execute and deliver to the other parties such further documents as may be reasonably
requested in order to give practical effect to the intention of the parties under the Transaction Documents.

47 

Section 6.3 Notices. Any and all notices
or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and
effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or e-mail (provided
the sender receives a machine-generated confirmation of successful facsimile transmission or e-mail notification or confirmation of receipt
of an e-mail transmission) at the facsimile number or e-mail address specified in this Section 6.3 prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern
time, on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile
or e-mail at the facsimile number or e-mail address specified in this Section 6.3 on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than
5:00 p.m., Eastern time, on any Trading Day, (c) if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service with next day delivery
specified (receipt requested) the Trading Day following delivery to such courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom
such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as follows:

If to the Company: Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. 

900 Bedford Street 

Stamford, CT 06901 

Attention: Michael Carrazza 

Email: Chairman of the Board of Directors 

With a copy to: Blank Rome LLP 

One Logan Square

Philadelphia, PA 19103 

Attention: Alan Zeiger, Esq. and Yelena Barychev, Esq. 

Email: alan.zeiger@blankrome.com

yelena.barychev@blankrome.com 

If to a Purchaser: To the address set forth under such Purchasers name on the signature page hereof; 

or such other address as may be designated in writing hereafter, in the same manner, by such
Person.

Section 6.4 Amendments; Waivers; No Additional
Consideration. Any term of this Agreement may be amended, waived or terminated only with the prior written consent of the Company
and Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Shares (or, in the case of provisions that grant rights to the Lead Investor or Co-Lead
Investors, with the prior written consent of the Lead Investor or the holders of a majority in interest of the Shares held by the Co-Lead
Investors, as applicable); provided, however, that if any amendment, waiver or termination operates in a manner that treats any other
Purchaser different in any material respect from other Purchaser, the consent of such Purchaser shall also be required for such amendment,
waiver or termination. Any such amendment, waiver or termination shall be binding on all Purchasers, as applicable. No waiver of any default
with respect to any provision, condition, or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or
a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition, or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission
of either party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. No consideration shall be offered
or paid to any Purchaser to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any Transaction Document unless the same
consideration is also offered to all Purchasers who then hold Shares.

48 

Section 6.5 Construction. The headings herein
are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions
hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and
no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. This Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties,
and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this
Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents.

Section 6.6 Successors and Assigns. The
provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.
This Agreement, or any rights or obligations hereunder, may not be assigned by the Company without the prior written consent of the Purchasers.
Any Purchaser may assign its rights and obligations hereunder in whole or in part to any Affiliate of such Purchaser and/or to any Person
to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities in compliance with the Transaction Documents and applicable Law, provided such
transferee shall agree in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the terms and conditions of this Agreement
that apply to the Purchasers.

Section 6.7 No Third-Party Beneficiaries.
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, other than, solely with respect to the provisions of Section
4.7, the Purchaser Parties.

Section 6.8 Governing Law. All questions
concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the internal Laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such State. Each party
agrees that all Proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, employees or agents) shall occur,
on an exclusive basis, in the state or federal courts located in the City, County and State of New York (the New York Courts).
Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute
hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement
of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such New York Court, or that such Proceeding has been commenced in an improper or inconvenient
forum. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Proceeding
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by
Law. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY
JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 6.9 Survival. The representations,
warranties, agreements, and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing, the delivery of the Shares, and any conversion of Series
A Preferred Shares into Underlying Shares as follows: (i) the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Sections 3.1(a),
3.1(b), 3.1(c), 3.1(e), 3.1(f), 3.1(g), 3.1(h), 3.1(i), 3.1(k), 3.1(s),
3.1(t), 3.1(u), 3.1(bb), and 3.1(rr) shall survive for a period of six (6) years following the Closing and
delivery of shares, (ii) all other representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Section 3.1 shall survive for a period
of 18 months following the Closing and the delivery of the Shares, and (iii) all representations and warranties of the Purchasers set
forth in Section 3.2 shall survive for a period of 18 months following the Closing and the delivery of the Shares.

49 

Section 6.10 Termination.

(a) This
Agreement may be terminated and the sale and purchase of the Shares abandoned at any time prior to the Closing:

(i) by mutual written
agreement of the Company and any Purchaser (with respect to itself only);

(ii) by the Company
or any Purchaser (with respect to itself only) upon written notice to the other parties, in the event that the Closing has not been consummated
on or prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the Outside Date; provided, that, the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 6.10(a)(ii) shall not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement shall
have been the cause of, or shall have resulted in, the failure of the Closing to occur on or prior to such date;

(iii) by the Company
or any Purchaser, upon written notice to the other parties, in the event that any Governmental Entity shall have issued any order, decree
or injunction or taken any other action restraining, enjoining or prohibiting any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
and such order, decree, injunction or other action shall have become final and nonappealable;

(iv) by any Purchaser
(with respect to itself only), upon written notice to the Company, if (A) there has been a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant
or agreement made by the Company in this Agreement, or any such representation or warranty shall have become untrue after the date of
this Agreement, in each case such that a closing condition in Section 5.1(a) or Section 5.1(b) would not be satisfied; or
(B) such Purchaser or any of its Affiliates receives written notice from or is otherwise advised by the Company that the Material Adverse
Effect, as set forth in Section 3(j) of this Agreement, has occurred after the date hereof and prior to the Closing Date;

(v) by the Company
(with respect to a Purchaser), upon written notice to such Purchaser, if there has been a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant
or agreement made by such Purchaser in this Agreement, or any such representation or warranty shall have become untrue after the date
of this Agreement, in each case such that a closing condition in Section 5.2(a) or Section 5.2(b) would not be satisfied;

(vi) by any Purchaser, upon written notice to the Company, if
such Purchaser or any of its Affiliates receives written notice from or is otherwise advised by the Federal Reserve that the Federal Reserve
will not grant (or intends to rescind if previously granted) any of the confirmations or determinations referred to in Section 5.1(i);
or

(vii) by the Company,
upon written notice to the Purchasers, if the Company shall not have received the Minimum Offering Amount, as it may be adjusted pursuant
to Section 2.1(a), from the Purchasers on or prior to the Escrow Funding Date or Extended Escrow Funding Date.

50 

(b) In the
event of a termination pursuant to this Section 6.10, the Company shall promptly notify all non-terminating Purchasers.

Section 6.11 Effects of Termination. In
the event of any termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 6.10, this Agreement (other than this Article VI,
which shall remain in full force and effect) shall forthwith become wholly void and of no further force and effect; provided, that nothing
herein shall be deemed to release any party from any liability for any breach by such party of the terms and provisions of this Agreement
or to impair the right of any party to compel specific performance by any other party of its obligations under this Agreement.

Section 6.12 Waiver of Fiduciary Obligations; Informed Consent.
By executing this Agreement, each Purchaser does hereby:

(a) 
acknowledge and understand that the Lead Party is controlled by Steven Sugarman who is also is an Of Counsel attorney at
Michelman & Robinson, LLP (M&R), the law firm that has acted as legal counsel to the Lead Party in the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement, and the Lead Party has not acted nor is acting as an attorney in connection with such transaction and
none of his communications with any Purchaser should be construed as legal advice.

(b) 
acknowledge and understand that actual or potential conflicts of interest may exist or arise by reason of Mr. Sugarman also serving as
an officer of the Company and/or member of the Board;

(c) 
acknowledge and agree that Mr. Sugarman in his capacity as an officer of the Company and/or member of the Board does not owe any fiduciary
or other duty to the Purchasers, other than such non-waivable fiduciary duties imposed upon directors and officers under the laws of the
State of Connecticut and applicable banking laws and regulations;

(d) 
waive any actual or potential conflicts of interest in connection with M&R acting as legal counsel to the Lead Investor in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and by their execution of this Agreement give their informed written consent to the
foregoing acknowledgements in this Agreement; and

(e) 
acknowledge and understand that each such Purchaser is encouraged to seek independent legal counsel to review the terms of the transaction
contemplated by this Agreement and ensure that such Purchasers interests are protected. By his, her or its signature hereto, each
such Purchaser acknowledges the fact that such Purchaser has consulted, or has had the opportunity to consult, with the legal counsel
of his, her or its choice prior to his, her or its execution of this Agreement.

Section 6.13 Execution. This Agreement may
be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become
effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that the parties need
not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf
format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature page were an original thereof.

Section 6.14 Severability. If any provision
of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions
of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt to agree upon a valid and enforceable
provision that is a reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Agreement.

51 

Section 6.15 Replacement of Shares. If any
certificate or instrument evidencing any Shares is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued
in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument,
but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Transfer Agent of such loss, theft or destruction and
the execution by the holder thereof of a customary lost certificate affidavit of that fact and an agreement to indemnify and hold harmless
the Company and the Transfer Agent for any losses in connection therewith or, if required by the Transfer Agent, a bond in such form and
amount as is required by the Transfer Agent. The applicants for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay
any reasonable third-party costs associated with the issuance of such replacement Shares. If a replacement certificate or instrument evidencing
any Shares is requested due to a mutilation thereof, the Company may require delivery of such mutilated certificate or instrument as a
condition precedent to any issuance of a replacement.

Section 6.16 Remedies. In addition to being
entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by Law, including recovery of damages, each of the Purchasers and the Company
shall be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations described in the foregoing sentence and hereby agree to waive
in any action for specific performance of any such obligation (other than in connection with any action for a temporary restraining order)
the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

Section 6.17 Payment Set Aside. To the extent
that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a Purchaser enforces or exercises
its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently
invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid
or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other person under any Law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy
Law, state or federal Law, common Law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part
thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made
or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

Section 6.18 Independent Nature of Purchasers
Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with the obligations
of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser
under any Transaction Document. The decision of each Purchaser to purchase Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents has been made
by such Purchaser independently of any other Purchaser and independently of any information, materials, statements or opinions as to the
business, affairs, operations, assets, properties, liabilities, results of operations, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects
of the Company or any Subsidiary which may have been made or given by any other Purchaser or by any agent or employee of any other Purchaser,
and no Purchaser and none of its agents or employees shall have any liability to any other Purchaser (or any other Person) relating to
or arising from any such information, materials, statements or opinions. Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document,
and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association,
a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser acknowledges that no other
Purchaser has acted as agent for such Purchaser in connection with making its investment hereunder and that no Purchaser will be acting
as agent of such Purchaser in connection with monitoring its investment in the Shares or enforcing its rights under the Transaction Documents.
Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out
of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an
additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement
is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among
the Purchasers.

52 

Section 6.19 Rescission and Withdrawal Right.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) the Transaction Documents, whenever
any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its related
obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time
upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions
and rights.

Section 6.20 Confidential Supervisory Information.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no disclosure, representation or warranty shall be made (or other action taken)
pursuant to this Agreement that would involve the disclosure of confidential supervisory information (including confidential supervisory
information as defined in 12 C.F.R. 261.2(b), non-public OCC information as defined in 12 C.F.R. 4.32(b)
and exempt information as defined in 12 C.F.R. 309.5(g)) of a Governmental Entity by any party to this Agreement
to the extent prohibited by applicable law. To the extent legally permissible, appropriate substitute disclosures or actions shall be
made or taken under circumstances in which the limitations of the preceding sentence apply.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

53 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused
this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC.

By: 

Name:

Title: 

[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]

NAME OF PURCHASER:

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Aggregate Purchase Price:

Aggregate Number of shares of Common Stock to be Acquired at Closing:

[Aggregate Number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be Acquired at Closing:]

Tax ID No.:

Address for Notice:

Telephone No: 

Facsimile No: 

E-mail Address: 

Attention: 

[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]

Delivery Instructions:

(if different than above)

c/o 

Street: 

City/State/Zip: 

Attention: 

Telephone No.: 

[Signature Page to Securities Purchase Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh_103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC.

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights Agreement (this Agreement)
is made and entered into as of March ___, 2025, by and among Patriot National Bancorp, Inc., a Connecticut corporation (the Company),
and the purchaser(s) signatory hereto (each a Registration Rights Purchaser and collectively, the Registration
Rights Purchasers).

This Agreement is made pursuant to the Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2025, between the Company and each Registration Rights Purchaser (the Purchase Agreement).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants
contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged,
the Company and each of the Registration Rights Purchasers agree as follows:

1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined
herein that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given such terms in the Purchase Agreement. As used in this
Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Advice shall have the meaning set forth in Section
6(h).

Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the
Preamble.

Allowable Grace Period shall have the meaning set
forth in Section 5(d).

Closing Date has the meaning set forth in the Purchase
Agreement.

Commission means the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the voting common stock of the
Company, par value $0.01 per share, and any securities into which such shares of voting common stock may hereinafter be reclassified.

Company shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Effective Date means the date that the Registration
Statement filed pursuant to Section 2(a) is first declared effective by the Commission.

Effectiveness Deadline means, with respect to the
Initial Registration Statement or the New Registration Statement, the 90th day after the filing of such Initial Registration
Statement or the New Registration Statement, as applicable, with the Commission; provided, that if the Effectiveness Deadline falls on
a Saturday, Sunday or other day that the Commission is closed for business, the Effectiveness Deadline shall be extended to the next Business
Day on which the Commission is open for business.

Effectiveness Period shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 2(b).

Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2(c).

Event Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section
2(c).

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

1 

Filing Deadline means, with respect to the Initial
Registration Statement required to be filed pursuant to Section 2(a), the date that is the 60th day following the Closing Date,
provided, that if the Filing Deadline falls on a Saturday, Sunday or other day that the Commission is closed for business, the Filing
Deadline shall be extended to the next Business Day on which the Commission is open for business.

FINRA shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5(n).

Grace Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5(d).

Holder or Holders means the holder
or holders, as the case may be, from time to time of Registrable Securities.

Holders Counsel shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 5(a).

Indemnified Party shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 5(c).

Indemnifying Party shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 5(c).

Initial Registration Statement means shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

Liquidated Damages shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 2(c).

Losses shall have the meaning set forth in Section
5(a).

New Registration Statement shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 2(a).

Non-Responsive Holder shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 6(d).

Non-Voting Common Stock means the Companys
non-voting common stock, par value $0.01 per share, into which the Series A Preferred Stock is convertible following approval by the Companys
shareholders of an amendment to its certificate of incorporation, as amended, authorizing the issuance of such stock.

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation,
proceeding, arbitration, mediation, demand or hearing (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial proceeding, such as
a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

Prospectus means the prospectus included in a Registration
Statement (including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part
of an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated under the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by
any prospectus supplement, with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration
Statement, and all other amendments and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all material incorporated
by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus.

Purchase Agreement shall have the meaning set forth
in the Recitals.

Registrable Securities means all of the Shares, the
Underlying Shares and any securities issued or issuable upon any stock split, dividend or other distribution, recapitalization or similar
event with respect to the Shares or the Underlying Shares, provided that the Shares or the Underlying Shares shall cease to be Registrable
Securities upon the earliest to occur of the following: (A) a sale pursuant to a Registration Statement; (B) becoming eligible for sale
without time, volume or manner of sale restrictions by the Holders under Rule 144; or (C) if such Shares or Underlying Shares have ceased
to be outstanding.

2 

Registration Rights Purchaser or Registration
Rights Purchasers shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

Registration Statements means any one or more registration
statements of the Company filed under the Securities Act that covers the resale of any of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the provisions
of this Agreement (including without limitation the Initial Registration Statement, the New Registration Statement and any Remainder Registration
Statements), amendments and supplements to such Registration Statements, including post-effective amendments, all exhibits and all material
incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Registration Statements.

Remainder Registration Statement shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 2(a).

Requested Information shall have the meaning set forth
in Section 6(d).

Required Registration Statement means any Initial
Registration Statement, New Registration Statement or Remainder Registration Statement.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any successor rule thereto.

Rule 415 means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any successor rule thereto.

Rule 424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any successor rule thereto.

SEC Guidance means (i) any publicly-available written
guidance, comments, requirements or requests of the Commission staff and (ii) the Securities Act.

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Series A Preferred Stock means the Companys
Series A Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock, no par value per share, and any securities into which such shares of Series A Convertible
Perpetual Preferred Stock may hereinafter be reclassified.

Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable to the Registration Rights Purchaser pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

Underlying Shares means the shares of Common Stock
into which the Series A Preferred Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock are convertible, as applicable.

2. Mandatory Registration.

(a) On or prior to the Filing Deadline, the Company shall use its reasonable
best efforts to prepare and file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the resale of all of the Registrable Securities
not already covered by an existing and effective Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant to Rule
415 or, if Rule 415 is not available for offers and sales of the Registrable Securities, by such other means of distribution of Registrable
Securities as the Company may reasonably determine (the Initial Registration Statement). Notwithstanding the registration
obligations set forth in this Section 2, in the event that (i) the Companys counsel determines that all such Registrable Securities
cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415 or otherwise, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration
statement prior to filing the Initial Registration Statement, or (ii) the Commission informs the Company that all such Registrable Securities
cannot, as a result of the application of Rule 415, be registered for resale as a secondary offering on a single registration statement,
the Company agrees to promptly (A) inform each of the Holders thereof and, as applicable, file the Initial Registration Statement, or
use its reasonable best efforts to file amendments to the Initial Registration Statement as required by the Commission and/or (B) withdraw
the Initial Registration Statement and file a new registration statement (a New Registration Statement), in each
case covering the maximum number of such Registrable Securities permitted to be registered thereon, on such form available to the Company
to register for resale the Registrable Securities as a secondary offering. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the
opinion of the Companys counsel or any SEC Guidance sets forth a limitation of the number of Registrable Securities permitted to
be registered on a particular Registration Statement as a secondary offering, the number of Registrable Securities to be registered on
such Registration Statement will be reduced pro rata on the basis of the aggregate number of Registrable Securities owned by each applicable
Holder, and under such circumstances, the Company will not be subject to the payment of Liquidated Damages in Section 2(c). In the event
the Company amends the Initial Registration Statement or files a New Registration Statement, as the case may be, under clauses (A) or
(B) above, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to file with the Commission, as promptly as allowed by the Commission or SEC
Guidance provided to the Company or to registrants of securities in general, one or more registration statements on such form available
to the Company to register for resale those Registrable Securities that were not registered for resale on the Initial Registration Statement,
as amended, or the New Registration Statement (the Remainder Registration Statements).

3 

(b) The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause each Required
Registration Statement to be declared effective by the Commission as soon as practicable, and, with respect to the Initial Registration
Statement or the New Registration Statement, as applicable, no later than the Effectiveness Deadline, and shall use its reasonable best
efforts to keep each Required Registration Statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until the earlier of (i) such time
as all of the Registrable Securities covered by such Required Registration Statement have been sold by the Holders pursuant to a Registration
Statement or (ii) the date that all Registrable Securities covered by such Required Registration Statement may be sold by the Holders
without volume or manner of sale restrictions under Rule 144, as determined by counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter
to such effect, addressed and reasonably acceptable to the Companys transfer agent (the Effectiveness Period).
The Company shall request effectiveness of a Required Registration Statement as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on a Trading Day. The
Company shall promptly notify the Holders via electronic mail of the effectiveness of a Registration Statement within one (1) Business
Day of the Effective Date. The Company shall file a final Prospectus for a Required Registration Statement with the Commission, as required
by Rule 424(b) as promptly as reasonably practicable following the Effective Date.

(c) If: (i) the Initial Registration Statement is not filed with the Commission
on or prior to the Filing Deadline, (ii) the Initial Registration Statement or the New Registration Statement, as applicable, is not declared
effective by the Commission (or otherwise does not become effective) for any reason on or prior to the Effectiveness Deadline, or (iii)
after its Effective Date, (A) such Registration Statement ceases to be effective for any reason (including without limitation by reason
of a stop order, or the Companys failure to update the Registration Statement), to remain continuously effective as to all Registrable
Securities for which it is required to be effective, or (B) the Holders are not permitted to utilize the Prospectus therein to resell
such Registrable Securities (other than during an Allowable Grace Period), (iv) a Grace Period applicable to a Required Registration Statement
exceeds the length of an Allowable Grace Period, or (v) after the Filing Deadline, and only in the event a Registration Statement is not
effective or available to sell all Registrable Securities, the Holders are unable to sell Registrable Securities without restriction under
Rule 144, (any such failure or breach in clauses (i) through (v) above being referred to as an Event, and, for purposes
of clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (v), the date on which such Event occurs, or for purposes of clause (iv) the date on which such Allowable
Grace Period is exceeded, being referred to as an Event Date), then in addition to any other rights the Holders may
have hereunder or under applicable law, on each such Event Date and on each monthly anniversary of each such Event Date (if the applicable
Event shall not have been cured by such date) until the applicable Event is cured, the Company shall pay to each Holder an amount in cash,
as liquidated damages and not as a penalty (Liquidated Damages), equal to 1% of the aggregate purchase price paid
by such Holder pursuant to the Purchase Agreement for any Registrable Securities held by such Holder on the Event Date. The parties agree
that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in the Purchase Agreement, no Liquidated Damages shall be payable (i) if as of
the relevant Event Date, the Registrable Securities may be sold by the Holders without volume or manner of sale restrictions under Rule
144, as determined by counsel to the Company pursuant to a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and reasonably acceptable
to the Companys transfer agent, (ii) to a Holder causing an Event that relates to or is caused by any action or inaction taken
by such Holder, (iii) to a Holder in the event it is unable to lawfully sell any of its Registrable Securities (including, without limitation,
in the event a Grace Period exceeds the length of an Allowable Grace Period) because of possession of material non-public information
or (iv) with respect to any period after the expiration of the Effectiveness Period (it being understood that this clause shall not relieve
the Company of any Liquidated Damages accruing prior to the expiration of the Effectiveness Period). If the Company fails to pay any Liquidated
Damages pursuant to this Section 2(c) in full within ten (10) Business Days after the date payable, the Company will pay interest on the
amount of Liquidated Damages then owing to the Holder at a rate of 0.5% per month on an annualized basis (or such lesser maximum amount
that is permitted to be paid by applicable law) to the Holder, accruing daily from the date such Liquidated Damages are due until such
amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. The Liquidated Damages pursuant to the terms hereof shall apply on a daily
pro-rata basis for any portion of a month prior to the cure of an Event, except in the case of the first Event Date. With respect to a
Holder, the Effectiveness Deadline for a Required Registration Statement shall be extended without default or Liquidated Damages hereunder
in the event that the Companys failure to obtain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement on a timely basis results from
the failure of such Holder to timely provide the Company with information requested by the Company and necessary to complete the Registration
Statement in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act (in which case the Effectiveness Deadline would be extended with respect
to Registrable Securities held by such Registration Rights Purchaser).

4 

3. Registration Procedures.

In connection with the Companys registration obligations hereunder:

(a) the Company shall, not less than three (3) Trading Days prior to the
filing of a Registration Statement or any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto (except for Annual Reports on Form
10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, proxy statements and Current Reports on Form 8-K and any similar or successor reports), furnish
to one counsel designated by a majority of the outstanding Registrable Securities (Holders Counsel), copies of such
Registration Statement, Prospectus or amendment or supplement thereto, as proposed to be filed, which documents will be subject to the
reasonable review of Holders Counsel; provided that each Holder shall have the right to review, prior to filing, its selling shareholder
information. The Company shall not file any Registration Statement or amendment or supplement thereto containing information which Holders
Counsel reasonably objects in good faith, unless the Company shall have been advised by its counsel that the information objected to is
required under the Securities Act.

(b) (i) the Company shall prepare and file with the Commission such amendments,
including post-effective amendments and supplements, to each Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in connection therewith as
may be necessary to keep such Registration Statement continuously effective as to the applicable Registrable Securities for its Effectiveness
Period (except during an Allowable Grace Period); (ii) the Company shall cause the related Prospectus to be amended or supplemented by
any required Prospectus supplement (subject to the terms of this Agreement), and, as so supplemented or amended, to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424 (except during an Allowable Grace Period); (iii) the Company shall respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any comments
received from the Commission with respect to each Registration Statement or any amendment thereto and, as promptly as reasonably possible,
provide the Holders Counsel true and complete copies of all correspondence from and to the Commission relating to such Registration Statement
that pertains to the Holders as Selling Shareholders; and (iv) the Company shall comply in all material respects with the
provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement until
such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of (subject to the terms of this Agreement) in accordance with
the intended methods of disposition by the Holders thereof as set forth in such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus
as so supplemented; provided, that each Holder shall be responsible for the delivery of the Prospectus to the Persons to whom such Registration
Rights Purchaser sells any of the Registrable Securities (including in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act), and each Holder
agrees to dispose of Registrable Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. In the case of amendments
and supplements to a Registration Statement which are required to be filed pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to this Section
3(b)) by reason of the Company filing a report on Form 10-K, Form 10- Q or Form 8-K or any analogous report under the Exchange Act, the
Company shall have incorporated such report by reference into such Registration Statement, if applicable, or shall file such amendments
or supplements with the Commission as promptly as practicable.

5 

(c) the Company shall notify the Holders (which notice shall, pursuant
to clauses (ii) through (iv) hereof, be accompanied by an instruction to suspend the use of the Prospectus until the requisite changes
have been made, if applicable) as promptly as reasonably practicable following the day (i)(A) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement
or post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement has been filed with the Commission; and (B) with respect to each Registration
Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the same has become effective; (ii) of the issuance by the Commission or any other federal
or state Governmental Entity of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement covering any or all of the Registrable
Securities or the initiation of any Proceedings for that purpose; (iii) of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect
to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction,
or the initiation or threatening of any Proceeding for such purpose; and (iv) of the occurrence of any event or passage of time that makes
the financial statements included in a Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any statement made in such Registration
Statement or Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect
or that requires any revisions to such Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the case of such Registration
Statement or the Prospectus, as the case may be, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus, form of prospectus or supplement
thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made), not misleading.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, at any time after
the Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission, the Company may delay the disclosure of material non-public
information concerning the Company if the disclosure of such information at the time is not, in the good faith judgment of the Company,
in the best interests of the Company (such delay, a Grace Period). During the Grace Period, the Company shall not
be required to maintain the effectiveness of any Registration Statement filed hereunder and, in any event, Holders shall suspend sales
of Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statements during the pendency of the Grace Period provided, the Company shall
promptly (i) notify the Holders in writing of the existence of material non-public information giving rise to a Grace Period or the need
to file a post-effective amendment, as applicable, and the date on which such Grace Period will begin, (ii) use reasonable best efforts
to terminate a Grace Period as promptly as practicable provided that such termination is, in the good faith judgment of the Company, in
the best interest of the Company and (iii) notify the Holders in writing of the date on which the Grace Period ends; provided, further,
that, with respect to a Required Registration Statement only, no single Grace Period shall exceed forty-five (45) consecutive days, and
during any three hundred sixty-five (365) day period, the aggregate of all Grace Periods shall not exceed an aggregate of ninety (90)
days (each Grace Period complying with this provision being an Allowable Grace Period). For purposes of determining
the length of a Grace Period, the Grace Period shall be deemed to begin on and include the date the Holders receive the notice referred
to in clause (i) above and shall end on and include the later of the date the Holders receive the notice referred to in clause (iii) above
and the date referred to in such notice; provided, that no Grace Period shall be longer than an Allowable Grace Period. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cause the Transfer Agent to deliver unlegended Shares to a
transferee of a Holder in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with
respect to which a Holder has entered into an irrevocable contract for sale prior to the Holders receipt of the notice of a Grace
Period and for which the Holder has not yet settled.

6 

(e) the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to avoid the issuance
of, or, if issued, obtain the withdrawal of (i) any order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement, or (ii) any suspension
of the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of any of the Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction, as soon as practicable.

(f) the Company shall, if requested by a Holder, furnish to such Holder,
without charge, at least one (1) conformed copy of each Registration Statement and each amendment thereto and all exhibits to the extent
requested by such Holder (including those previously furnished or incorporated by reference) promptly after the filing of such documents
with the Commission; provided, that the Company shall have no obligation to provide any document pursuant to this Agreement that is available
on the Commissions EDGAR or successor system.

(g) the Company agrees to promptly deliver to each Holder whose Registrable
Securities are included in the applicable Registration Statement, without charge, as many copies of each Prospectus or Prospectuses (including
each form of prospectus) and each amendment or supplement thereto as such Persons may reasonably request. The Company hereby consents
to the use of such Prospectus and each amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders in connection with the offering
and sale of Registrable Securities covered by such Prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto.

(h) the Company shall, prior to any resale of Registrable Securities by
a Holder, use its reasonable best efforts to register or qualify or cooperate with the selling Holders in connection with the registration
or qualification (or exemption from the registration or qualification) of such Registrable Securities for the resale by the Holder under
the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions within the United States as any Holder reasonably requests in writing,
to keep each registration or qualification (or exemption therefrom) effective during the Effectiveness Period and to do any and all other
acts or things reasonably necessary to enable the disposition in such jurisdictions of the Registrable Securities covered by each Registration
Statement; provided, that the Company shall not be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then
so qualified, subject the Company to any general tax in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject or file a consent to service
of process in any such jurisdiction.

(i) the Company shall enter into such customary agreements (including an
underwriting agreement in customary form) and take all such other actions reasonably requested by the Holders of a majority of the Registrable
Securities being sold in connection therewith or by the managing underwriter(s), if any, in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition
of such Registrable Securities.

(j) the Company shall make available for inspection by any Holder of Registrable
Securities included in such Registration Statement, any underwriter participating in any disposition pursuant to such Registration Statement,
and any attorney, accountant or other agent retained by any such Holder or underwriter (collectively, the Inspectors),
all financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company and its Subsidiaries (collectively, the Records),
as shall be reasonably necessary to enable them to exercise their due diligence responsibility, and cause the Companys officers,
directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by any such Inspector in connection with such Registration Statement;
provided, however, that any Records that are not generally publicly available at the time of delivery of such Records shall be kept confidential
by such Inspectors pursuant to the terms of a non-disclosure agreement to be entered into between such Inspectors and the Company.

(k) the Company shall, in the case of an underwritten offering, cause its
officers to use their reasonable best efforts to support the marketing of the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement
(including, without limitation, by participation in road shows) if requested by the managing underwriter(s) and taking into
account the Companys business needs.

(l) the Company shall reasonably cooperate with the Holders to facilitate
the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Registrable Securities to be delivered to a transferee pursuant to the
Registration Statement, which certificates shall be free, to the extent permitted by the Purchase Agreement and under law, of all restrictive
legends, and to enable such Registrable Securities to be in such denominations and registered in such names as any such Holders may reasonably
request. Certificates for Registrable Securities free from all restrictive legends may be transmitted by the transfer agent to a Holder
by crediting the account of such Holders prime broker with DTC as directed by such Holder.

7 

(m) the Company shall following the occurrence of any event contemplated
by Sections 3(c)(ii)-(iv), as promptly as reasonably practicable, as applicable: (i) use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the issuance
of any stop order or obtain its withdrawal at the earliest possible moment if the stop order have been issued, or (ii) taking into account
the Companys good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its shareholders of the premature disclosure
of such event, prepare and file a supplement or amendment, including a post-effective amendment, to the affected Registration Statements
or a supplement to the related Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference, and file any
other required document so that, as thereafter delivered, no Registration Statement nor any Prospectus will contain an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the
case of any Prospectus, form of prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made), not misleading.

(n) the Company may require each selling Holder to furnish to the Company
a certified statement as to (i) the number of securities of the Company beneficially owned by such Holder and any Affiliate thereof, (ii)
any Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) affiliations, (iii) any natural persons who have the power to
vote or dispose of the Common Stock and (iv) any other information as may be requested by the Commission, FINRA, any state securities
commission or any other government or regulatory body with jurisdiction over the Company or its activities. During any periods that the
Company is unable to meet its obligations hereunder with respect to the registration of Registrable Securities because any Holder fails
to furnish such information within five (5) Trading Days of the Companys request, any Liquidated Damages that are accruing at such
time as to such Holder only shall be tolled and any Event that may otherwise occur solely because of such delay shall be suspended as
to such Holder only, until such information is delivered to the Company.

(o) the Company shall cooperate with any registered broker through which
a Holder proposes to resell its Registrable Securities in effecting a filing with FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110 as requested by any
such Holder and the Company shall pay the filing fee required for the first such filing (but not additional filings) within two (2) Business
Days of the request therefore.

(p) if the Company becomes eligible to use Form S-3 during the term of
this Agreement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain eligibility for use of Form S-3 (or any successor form thereto)
for the registration of the resale of Registrable Securities.

(q) if requested by a Holders Counsel, the Company shall (i) promptly incorporate
in a Prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement such information as the Company reasonably agrees
(upon advice of counsel) is required to be included therein and (ii) make all required filings of such Prospectus supplement or such post-effective
amendment as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company has received notification of the matters to be incorporated in such Prospectus
supplement or post-effective amendment. The Company may require each Holder of Registrable Securities as to which any registration is
being effected to furnish to the Company in writing such information required in connection with such registration regarding such Holder
and the distribution of such Registrable Securities as the Company may, from time to time, reasonably request in writing and the Company
may exclude from such registration the Registrable Securities of any Holder who fails to furnish such information within a reasonable
time after receiving such request.

4. Registration Expenses. All fees and expenses incident to the
Companys performance of or compliance with its obligations under this Agreement (excluding any underwriting discounts and selling
commissions, stock transfer taxes and fees of counsel for the Holders) shall be borne by the Company whether or not any Registrable Securities
are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence that are the Companys
responsibility shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses
(A) with respect to filings required to be made with any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (B) with
respect to compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements
of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities and determination
of the eligibility of the Registrable Securities for investment under the laws of such jurisdictions as requested by the Holders) and
(C) if not previously paid by the Company in connection with an issuer filing, with respect to any filing that may be required to be made
by any broker through which a Holder intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with FINRA pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110, so long as
the broker is receiving no more than a customary brokerage commission in connection with such sale, (ii) printing expenses (including,
without limitation, expenses of printing certificates for Registrable Securities and of printing prospectuses if the printing of prospectuses
is reasonably requested by the Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities included in the Registration Statement), (iii) messenger,
telephone and delivery expenses of the Company, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, and (v) fees and expenses of all
other Persons retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In addition,
the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting
duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities
on any securities exchange as required hereunder.

8 

5. Indemnification.

(a) Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall, notwithstanding
any termination of this Agreement, indemnify, defend and hold harmless each Holder and each of their respective officers, directors, agents,
general partners, managing members, managers, Affiliates and employees, each Person who controls any such Holder (within the meaning of
Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act) and the officers, directors, general partners, managing members, managers,
agents and employees of such controlling Person, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses,
claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable costs of preparation and investigation and reasonable and
documented attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses), as incurred, that arise out of or are based
upon (i) any untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement, any Prospectus or any form of prospectus or
in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any Prospectus or form of prospectus or
supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading, or (ii) any violation by the Company of
the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any state securities law or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance
of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (A) such untrue statements or omissions are
based solely upon information regarding such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by such Holder or on behalf of such Holder for
use therein, or to the extent that such information relates to such Holder or such Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable
Securities and was reviewed by such Holder or Holders Counsel for use in the Registration Statement, such Prospectus or such form of Prospectus
or in any amendment or supplement thereto, (B) Holders failure to deliver or cause to be delivered the Prospectus or any amendment
or supplement thereto made available by the Company in compliance with Section 6(g), or (C) in the case of an occurrence of an event of
the type specified in Sections 5(c)(ii)-(iv), related to the use by a Holder of an outdated or defective Prospectus after the Company
has notified such Holder in writing or electronic mail that the Prospectus is outdated or defective and prior to the receipt by such Holder
of the Advice contemplated and defined in Section 6(h) below, but only if and to the extent that following the receipt of the Advice the
misstatement or omission giving rise to such Loss would have been corrected. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless
of any investigation made by or on behalf of an Indemnified Party (as defined in Section 5(c)) and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable
Securities by the Holders.

9 

(b) Indemnification by Holders. Each Holder shall, notwithstanding
any termination of this Agreement, severally and not jointly, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, agents
and employees, each Person who controls the Company (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange
Act), and the directors, officers, agents or employees of such controlling Persons, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
from and against all Losses, as incurred, arising out of or are based upon (i) any untrue statement of a material fact contained in any
Registration Statement, any Prospectus, or any form of prospectus, or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus,
or arising out of or relating to any omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein
(in the case of any Prospectus, or any form of prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made)
not misleading (A) to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statements or omissions are based solely upon information regarding
such Holder furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of such Holder for use therein, or (B) to the extent, but only to the
extent, that such information relates to such Holder or such Holders proposed method of distribution of Registrable Securities
and was reviewed by such Holder or Holders Counsel for use in a Registration Statement, such Prospectus or such form of Prospectus or
in any amendment or supplement thereto or (C) in the case of an occurrence of an event of the type specified in Sections 5(c)(ii)-(iv),
to the extent, but only to the extent, related to the use by such Holder of an outdated or defective Prospectus after the Company has
notified such Holder in writing that the Prospectus is outdated or defective and prior to the receipt by such Holder of the Advice contemplated
in Section 6(h), but only if and to the extent that following the receipt of the Advice the misstatement or omission giving rise to such
Loss would have been corrected, or (ii) Holders failure to deliver or cause to be delivered the Prospectus or any amendment or
supplement thereto made available by the Company in compliance with Section 6(g). In no event shall the liability of any selling Holder
hereunder be greater in amount than the dollar amount of the net proceeds received by such Holder upon the sale of the Registrable Securities
giving rise to such indemnification obligation.

(c) Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. If any Proceeding shall
be brought or asserted against any Person entitled to indemnity hereunder (an Indemnified Party), such Indemnified
Party shall promptly notify the Person from whom indemnity is sought (the Indemnifying Party) in writing, and the
Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense thereof, including the employment of one (1) counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Indemnified Party and the payment of all reasonable and documented fees and expenses incurred in connection with defense thereof;
provided, that the failure of any Indemnified Party to give such written notice within a reasonable time of commencement of any such Proceeding
shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations or liabilities pursuant to this Agreement, except (and only) to the extent
that such failure shall have materially and adversely prejudiced the Indemnifying Party in its ability to defend such Proceeding.

An Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in
any such Proceeding and to participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such
Indemnified Party or Indemnified Parties unless: (1) the Indemnifying Party has agreed in writing to pay such fees and expenses; (2) the
Indemnifying Party shall have failed promptly to assume the defense of such Proceeding and to employ counsel reasonably satisfactory to
such Indemnified Party in any such Proceeding; or (3) the named parties to any such Proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include
both such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party, and such Indemnified Party shall have been advised by counsel in writing that
a conflict of interest exists if the same counsel were to represent such Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party; provided, that
the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (plus local counsel,
if reasonably necessary) at any time for all Indemnified Parties. The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for any settlement of any
such Proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or unreasonably conditioned.
No Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement of any pending Proceeding
in respect of which any Indemnified Party is a party, unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party
from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Proceeding.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, all documented fees and expenses
of the Indemnified Party (including reasonable fees and expenses to the extent incurred in connection with investigating or preparing
to defend such Proceeding in a manner not inconsistent with this Section 5(c)) shall be paid to the Indemnified Party, as incurred, within
twenty (20) Trading Days of written notice thereof to the Indemnifying Party; provided, that the Indemnified Party shall promptly reimburse
the Indemnifying Party for that portion of such fees and expenses applicable to such actions for which such Indemnified Party is finally
judicially determined to not be entitled to indemnification hereunder.

10 

(d) Contribution. If a claim for indemnification under Section 5(a)
or 5(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified Party (other than in accordance with its terms) or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party
harmless for any Losses, then each Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, shall contribute to the amount
paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such Losses, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault
of the Indemnifying Party, on the one hand, and Indemnified Party, on the other hand, in connection with the actions, statements or omissions
that resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of such Indemnifying Party, on
the one hand, and Indemnified Party, on the other hand, shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in
question, including any untrue statement of a material fact or omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information
supplied by, such Indemnifying Party or Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and
opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses
shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, any reasonable attorneys or other reasonable
fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any Proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such
fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in this Section 5(d) was available to such party in accordance with its terms. The
parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 5(d) were determined by pro rata
allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately
preceding paragraph. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 5(d), no Holder shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate,
any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such Holder from the sale of the Registrable Securities
subject to the Proceeding exceeds the amount of any damages that such Holder has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue
statement or omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall
be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.

The indemnity and contribution agreements contained in this Section 5 are
in addition to any liability that the Indemnifying Parties may have to the Indemnified Parties and are not in diminution or limitation
of the indemnification provisions under the Purchase Agreement.

6. Miscellaneous.

(a) Remedies. In the event of a breach by the Company or by a Holder
of any of their obligations under this Agreement, each Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise
all rights granted by law and under this Agreement, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific performance of its rights
under this Agreement. The Company and each Holder agree that monetary damages would not provide adequate compensation for any losses incurred
by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agrees that, in the event of any action for
specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

(b) Prohibition on Other Registrations. The Company agrees not to
effect or initiate a registration statement for any public sale or distribution of any securities similar to those being registered pursuant
to this Agreement, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for such securities (other than a registration solely
to implement an employee benefit plan pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8 (or successor form), a registration statement on
Form S-4 (or successor form) or a transaction to which Rule 145 or any other similar rule of the Commission is applicable), during the
fourteen (14) calendar days prior to, and during the sixty (60) calendar-day period beginning on, the effective date of any Registration
Statement in which the Holders of Registrable Securities are participating (except as part of any such registration, if permitted).

11 

(c) Rule 144 Requirements. For so long as the Company is subject
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to timely file with the Commission
(or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) such reports and information required to be filed
by it under the Exchange Act.

(d) Obligations of Holders and Others in a Registration. Each Holder
agrees to timely furnish in writing such information regarding such Person, the securities sought to be registered and the intended method
of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it, as will be set forth in the Selling Stockholder Questionnaire distributed by
the Company to such Holder (the Requested Information) within five (5) Business Days after the Closing and shall
take such other action as the Company may reasonably request in connection with the registration, qualification or compliance or as otherwise
provided herein. If at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the filing date of a Registration Statement, the Company has not received
the Requested Information from a Holder (a Non-Responsive Holder), then the Company may exclude from any Registration
Statement the Registrable Securities of such Non-Responsive Holder.

(e) Intentionally omitted.

(f) Limitations on Subsequent Registration Rights. The Company will
not enter into any agreements with any holder or prospective holder of any securities of the Company which would grant such holder or
prospective holder registration rights with respect to the securities of the Company which would have priority over the Registrable Securities
with respect to the inclusion of such securities in any registration. If the Company enters into an agreement that contains terms more
favorable, in form or substance, to any holders than the terms provided to the Holders under this Agreement, then the Company will modify
or revise the terms of this Agreement in order to reflect any such more favorable terms for the benefit of the Holders.

(g) Compliance. Each Holder covenants and agrees that it will comply
with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act as applicable to it (unless an exemption therefrom is available) in connection
with sales of Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement and shall sell the Registrable Securities only in accordance
with a method of distribution described in the Registration Statement.

(h) Discontinued Disposition. By its acquisition of Registrable
Securities, each Holder agrees that, upon receipt of a notice from the Company of the occurrence of any event of the kind described in
Sections 5(c)(ii)-(iv), such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition of such Registrable Securities under a Registration Statement
until it is advised in writing (the Advice) by the Company that the use of the applicable Prospectus (as it may have
been supplemented or amended) may be resumed. The Company may provide appropriate stop orders to enforce the provisions of this paragraph.

(i) Intentionally omitted.

(j) Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement, including
the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified or supplemented, or waived unless the same shall be in writing and signed
by the Company and Holders of a majority of the then outstanding Registrable Securities; provided that any such amendment, modification,
supplement or waiver that materially, adversely and disproportionately effects the rights or obligations of any Holder vis-a-vis the other
Holders shall require the prior written consent of such Holder.

(k) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries
required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered e-mail (provided the sender receives a machine-generated confirmation
of successful e-mail notification or confirmation of receipt of an e-mail transmission) at the e-mail address specified in this Section
prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on a Trading Day, (b) the Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally
recognized overnight courier service with next day delivery specified, or (c) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is
required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as follows:

12 

If to the Company: Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. 

900 Bedford Street 

Stamford, CT 06901 

Attention: Michael Carrazza 

Email: Chairman of the Board of Directors 

With a copy to: Blank Rome LLP 

One Logan Square

Philadelphia, PA 19103 

Attention: Alan Zeiger, Esq. and Yelena Barychev, Esq. 

Email: alan.zeiger@blankrome.com

yelena.barychev@blankrome.com 

If to a

Registration Rights Purchaser: 

To the address set forth under such Registration Rights Purchasers
name on the signature page hereof or such other address as may be designated in writing hereafter, in the same manner, by such Person. 

(l) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit
of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of each of the parties. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is
intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, obligations,
or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. The Company may not assign its rights
(except by merger or in connection with another entity acquiring all or substantially all of the Companys assets) or obligations
hereunder without the prior written consent of all of the Holders of the then outstanding Registrable Securities. The rights to have the
Company register Registrable Securities pursuant to this Agreement shall be automatically assigned by any Registration Rights Purchaser
to any permitted transferee of the Shares only if: (i) the Registration Rights Purchaser agrees in writing with the transferee or assignee
to assign such rights; (ii) the Company is, within a reasonable time after such transfer or assignment, furnished with written notice
of (A) the name and address of such transferee or assignee and (B) the securities with respect to which such registration rights are being
transferred or assigned; and (iii) at or before the time the Company received the written notice contemplated by clause (ii) of this sentence,
the transferee or assignee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the provisions contained herein with respect to a
Holder or Registration Rights Purchaser. In the event of any delay in filing or effectiveness of the Registration Statement as a result
of such assignment by a Registration Rights Purchaser or its transferee, the Company shall not be liable for any damages arising from
such delay.

(m) Execution and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
two (2) or more counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and, all of which taken together shall
constitute one and the same Agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the
other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by
electronic transmission, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature
is executed) with the same force and effect as if such electronic signature were the original thereof.

(n) Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely
within such State. The parties hereby agree that all actions or proceedings arising out of or related to this Agreement shall be subject
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the State of New York. All questions concerning the construction, validity,
enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.

13 

(o) Cumulative Remedies. Except as provided in Section 2(c) with
respect to Liquidated Damages, the remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law.

(p) Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction
of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms,
provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired
or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their good faith reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve
the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated
and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions
without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

(q) Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience
only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

(r) Independent Nature of Registration Rights Purchasers Obligations
and Rights. The obligations of each Registration Rights Purchaser under this Agreement are several and not joint with the obligations
of any other Registration Rights Purchaser hereunder, and no Registration Rights Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
of the obligations of any other Registration Rights Purchaser hereunder. The decision of each Registration Rights Purchaser to purchase
the Shares pursuant to the Purchase Agreement has been made independently of any other Registration Rights Purchaser. Nothing contained
herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any Registration Rights Purchaser pursuant
hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Registration Rights Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture
or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Registration Rights Purchasers are in any way acting in concert with respect
to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each Registration Rights Purchaser acknowledges that no other
Registration Rights Purchaser has acted as agent for such Registration Rights Purchaser in connection with making its investment hereunder
and that no Registration Rights Purchaser will be acting as agent of such Registration Rights Purchaser in connection with monitoring
its investment in the Shares or enforcing its rights under the Purchase Agreement. Each Registration Rights Purchaser shall be entitled
to protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary
for any other Registration Rights Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose. The Company acknowledges
that each of the Registration Rights Purchasers has been provided with the same Registration Rights Agreement for the purpose of closing
a transaction with multiple Registration Rights Purchasers and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Registration Rights
Purchaser. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement is between the Company and a Registration
Rights Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Registration Rights Purchasers collectively and not between and among the
Registration Rights Purchasers.

(s) Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Purchase Agreement
constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. There are no restrictions, promises,
warranties or undertakings, other than as set forth or referred to herein and in the Purchase Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all
prior or contemporaneous agreements and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC

By: 

Name:

Title: 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Registration Rights Agreement as of the date first written above.

NAME OF INVESTING ENTITY

AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

ADDRESS FOR NOTICE

c/o: 

Street: 

City/State/Zip: 

Attention: 

Tel: 

Fax: 

E-mail: 

[Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exh_104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.4

PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC.

2025 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

SECTION 1. Purpose; Definitions

The purpose of this Plan is to give the Company
a competitive advantage in attracting, retaining and motivating officers, employees, directors and/or consultants and to provide the Company
and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates with a long-term incentive plan providing incentives directly linked to stockholder value. Certain
terms used herein have definitions given to them in the first place in which they are used. In addition, for purposes of this Plan, the
following terms are defined as set forth below:

(a) Affiliate means a corporation
or other entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with the Company.

(b) Applicable Exchange means
The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or such other securities exchange as may at the applicable time be the principal market for the Common Stock.

(c) Award means
an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Unit or Other Stock-Based Award granted pursuant
to the terms of this Plan.

(d) Award Agreement means
a written document or agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of a specific Award.

(e) Board means
the Board of Directors of the Company.

(f) Cause means,
unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, (i) Cause as defined in any Individual Agreement to which the applicable
Participant is a party, or (ii) if there is no such Individual Agreement or if it does not define Cause: (A) conviction
of the Participant for committing a felony under federal law or the law of the state in which such action occurred, (B) dishonesty
in the course of fulfilling the Participants employment duties, (C) failure on the part of the Participant to perform substantially
such Participants employment duties in any material respect, (D) a material violation of the Companys ethics and compliance
program, or (E) before a Change in Control, such other events as shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in a Participants
Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the general rule of Section 2(c), following a Change in Control, any determination by the Committee
as to whether Cause exists shall be subject to de novo review by an independent third party.

(g) Change in Control has
the meaning set forth in Section 10(d).

(h) Code means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and any successor thereto, the Treasury Regulations thereunder and other
relevant interpretive guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service or the Treasury Department. Reference to any specific section of
the Code shall be deemed to include such regulations and guidance, as well as any successor provision of the Code.

(i) Committee has
the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).

(j) Common Stock means
common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Company.

(k) Company means
Patriot National Bancorp, Inc., a Connecticut corporation.

(l) Disability means
(i) Disability as defined in any Individual Agreement to which the Participant is a party, (ii) if there is
no such Individual Agreement or it does not define Disability, disability of a Participant means the Participant is
(A) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment
that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or
(B) by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be
expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less
than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company. The Committee may require such medical or
other evidence as it deems necessary to judge the nature and duration of the Participants condition. Notwithstanding the
above, with respect to an Incentive Stock Option, Disability shall mean permanent and total disability as defined in
Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.

(m) Disaffiliation means
a Subsidiarys or Affiliates ceasing to be a Subsidiary or Affiliate for any reason (including, without limitation, as a
result of a public offering, or a spinoff or sale by the Company, of the stock of the Subsidiary or Affiliate) or a sale of a division
of the Company and its Affiliates.

(n) Eligible Individuals means
directors, officers, employees and consultants of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, and prospective employees and
consultants who have accepted offers of employment or consultancy from the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates.

(o) Exchange Act means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and any successor thereto.

(p) Fair Market Value means,
unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the closing price of a share of Common Stock on the Applicable Exchange on the date of measurement,
or if Shares were not traded on the Applicable Exchange on such measurement date, then on the next preceding date on which Shares were
traded, all as reported by such source as the Committee may select. If the Common Stock is not listed on a national securities exchange,
Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Committee in its good faith discretion using a reasonable valuation method which shall include
consideration of the following factors, as applicable: (i) the value of the Companys tangible and intangible assets; (ii) the
present value of the Companys future cash-flows; (iii) the market value of stock or equity interests in similar corporations
and other entities engaged in substantially similar trades or businesses, the value of which can be readily determined objectively (such
as through trading prices on an established securities market or an amount paid in an arms-length private transaction); (iv) control
premiums or discounts for lack of marketability; (v) recent arms-length transactions involving the sale or transfer of such
stock or equity interests; and (vi) other relevant factors.

(q) Free-Standing SAR has
the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

(r) Full-Value Award means
any Award other than an Option or Stock Appreciation Right.

(s) Good Reason has
the meaning set forth in Section 10(f).

Grant Date means (i) the
date on which the Committee by resolution selects an Eligible Individual to receive a grant of an Award and determines the number of Shares
to be subject to such Award, or (ii) such later date as the Committee shall provide in such resolution.

(t) Incentive Stock Option means
any Option that is designated in the applicable Award Agreement as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422
of the Code, and that in fact so qualifies.

(u) Individual Agreement means
an employment, consulting or similar agreement between a Participant and the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates.

(v) Nonqualified Option means
any Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option.

(w) Option means
an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Option granted under Section 5.

(x) Other Stock-Based Award means
Awards of Common Stock and other Awards that are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are otherwise based upon, Common Stock,
including (without limitation) unrestricted stock, dividend equivalents, and convertible debentures.

(y) Participant means
an Eligible Individual to whom an Award is or has been granted.

(z) Performance Goals means
the performance goals established by the Committee in connection with the grant of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance
Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, or Other Stock-Based Awards..

(aa) Performance Period means
that period established by the Committee at the time any Performance Unit is granted or at any time thereafter during which any Performance
Goals specified by the Committee with respect to such Award are to be measured; provided that such period shall be no shorter than a fiscal
quarter.

(bb) Performance Unit 
means any Award granted under Section 8 of a unit valued by reference to a designated amount of cash or other property other than
Shares, which value may be paid to the Participant by delivery of such property as the Committee shall determine, including, without limitation,
cash, Shares, or any combination thereof, upon achievement of such Performance Goals during the Performance Period as the Committee shall
establish at the time of such grant or thereafter.

(cc) Plan means
this Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. 2025 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, as set forth herein and as hereafter amended from time to time.

(dd) Replaced Award
has the meaning set forth in Section 10(b).

(ee) Replacement Award
has the meaning set forth in Section 10(b).

(ff) Restricted Stock means
an Award granted under Section 6.

(gg) Restricted Stock Unit has
the meaning set forth in Section 7.

(hh) Retirement means the
Participants Termination of Employment after the attainment of age 65 or the attainment of age 55 and at least 15 years of service.

(ii) Share means
a share of Common Stock.

(jj) Stock Appreciation Right has
the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

(kk) Subsidiary means
any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity during any period in which at least a majority
of the voting or profits interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any successor to the Company.

(ll) Tandem SAR has
the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

(mm) Term means
the maximum period during which an Option or Stock Appreciation Right may remain outstanding, subject to earlier termination upon Termination
of Employment or otherwise, as specified in the applicable Award Agreement.

(nn) Termination of Employment means
the termination of the applicable Participants employment with, or performance of services for, the Company and any of its Subsidiaries
or Affiliates. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, (i) if a Participants employment with the Company and its Affiliates
terminates but such Participant continues to provide services to the Company and its Affiliates in a non-employee capacity, such change
in status shall not be deemed a Termination of Employment and (ii) a Participant employed by, or performing services for, a Subsidiary
or an Affiliate or a division of the Company and its Affiliates shall be deemed to incur a Termination of Employment if, as a result of
a Disaffiliation, such Subsidiary, Affiliate, or division ceases to be a Subsidiary, Affiliate or division, as the case may be, and the
Participant does not immediately thereafter become an employee of, or service provider for, the Company or another Subsidiary or Affiliate.
Temporary absences from employment because of illness, vacation or leave of absence and transfers among the Company and its Subsidiaries
and Affiliates shall not be considered Terminations of Employment.

SECTION 2. Administration

(a) Committee. The Plan
shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board or such other committee of the Board as the Board may from time to time
designate (the Committee), which shall be composed of not less than two directors, and shall be appointed by and serve at
the pleasure of the Board. The Committee shall, subject to Section 11, have plenary authority to grant Awards pursuant to the terms
of the Plan to Eligible Individuals. Among other things, the Committee shall have the authority, subject to the terms and conditions of
the Plan:

(i) to select the Eligible Individuals
to whom Awards may from time to time be granted;

(ii) to determine whether and to what
extent Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance
Units, Other Stock-Based Awards, or any combination thereof, are to be granted hereunder;

(iii) to determine the number of Shares
to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;

(iv) to determine the terms and conditions
of each Award granted hereunder, based on such factors as the Committee shall determine;

(v) subject to Section 12, to
modify, amend or adjust the terms and conditions of any Award;

(vi) to adopt, alter and repeal such
administrative rules, guidelines and practices governing the Plan as it shall from time to time deem advisable;

(vii) to interpret the terms and provisions
of the Plan and any Award issued under the Plan (and any agreement relating thereto);

(viii) subject to any applicable regulatory
approvals, to accelerate the vesting or lapse of restrictions of any outstanding Award, based in each case on such considerations as the
Committee in its sole discretion determines;

(ix) to decide all other matters that
must be determined in connection with an Award;

(x) to determine whether, to what extent
and under what circumstances cash, Shares and other property and other amounts payable with respect to an Award under this Plan shall
be deferred either automatically or at the election of the Participant;

(xi) to establish any blackout
period that the Committee in its sole discretion deems necessary or advisable; and

(xii) to otherwise administer the Plan.

(b) Procedures.

(i) The Committee may act only by a
majority of its members then in office, except that the Committee may, except to the extent prohibited by applicable law or the listing
standards of the Applicable Exchange and subject to Section 11, allocate all or any portion of its responsibilities and powers to
any one or more of its members and may delegate all or any part of its responsibilities and powers to any person or persons selected by
it.

(ii) Any authority granted to the Committee
may also be exercised by the full Board. To the extent that any permitted action taken by the Board conflicts with action taken by the
Committee, the Board action shall control.

(c) Discretion of Committee. Subject
to Section 1(f), any determination made by the Committee or by an appropriately delegated officer pursuant to delegated authority
under the provisions of the Plan with respect to any Award shall be made in the sole discretion of the Committee or such delegate at the
time of the grant of the Award or, unless in contravention of any express term of the Plan, at any time thereafter. All decisions made
by the Committee or any appropriately delegated officer pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final, binding and conclusive
on all persons, including the Company, Participants, and Eligible Individuals.

(d) Cancellation or Suspension. Subject
to Section 5(d), the Committee shall have full power and authority to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances
any Award shall be canceled or suspended. In particular, but without limitation, all outstanding Awards to any Participant may be canceled
if the Participant, without the consent of the Committee, while employed by the Company or after termination of such employment, in either
case prior to a Change in Control, becomes associated with, employed by, renders services to, or owns any interest in (other than any
nonsubstantial interest, as determined by the Committee), any business that is in competition with the Company or with any business in
which the Company has a substantial interest, as determined by the Committee or any one or more senior managers or committee of senior
managers to whom the authority to make such determination is delegated by the Committee.

(e) Award Agreements. The
terms and conditions of each Award, as determined by the Committee, shall be set forth in a written (or electronic) Award Agreement, which
shall be delivered to the Participant receiving such Award upon, or as promptly as is reasonably practicable following, the grant of such
Award. The effectiveness of an Award shall be subject to the Award Agreements being signed by the Company and the Participant receiving
the Award unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement. Award Agreements may be amended only in accordance with Section 12 hereof.

SECTION 3. Common Stock Subject to Plan

(a) Plan Maximums. The
maximum number of Shares and/or Options and/or Stock Appreciation Rights that may be granted pursuant to Awards under the Plan shall be
twenty percent (20%) of the then outstanding Shares (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes all outstanding shares of Common Stock,
whether voting or non-voting) (the Share Limit); provided, that in no event shall the Share Limit be less than
10,000,000. The maximum number of Shares that may be granted pursuant to Options intended to be Incentive Stock Options shall be equal
to the Share Limit. Shares subject to an Award under the Plan may be authorized and unissued Shares. On and after the Effective Date
(as defined in Section 12(a)), no new awards may be granted under the Companys 2020 Restricted Stock Award Plan, as amended,
it being understood that (A) awards outstanding under such plan as of the Effective Date shall remain in full force and effect under
such plan according to their respective terms, and (B) to the extent that any such award is forfeited, terminates, expires or lapses
without being exercised (to the extent applicable), or is settled for cash, the Shares subject to such award not delivered as a result
thereof shall not be available for Awards under this Plan; provided, however, that dividend equivalents may continue
to be issued under such plan in respect of awards granted under such plan which are outstanding as of the Effective Date.

(b) Individual Limits. No
Participant who is a non-employee director of the Company may be granted Awards covering in excess of 1,000,000 Shares during any calendar
year.

(c) Rules for Calculating Shares Delivered. To
the extent that any Award is forfeited, or any Option and the related Tandem SAR (if any) or Free-Standing SAR terminates, expires or
lapses without being exercised, or any Award is settled for cash, the Shares subject to such Awards not delivered as a result thereof
shall again be available for Awards under the Plan.

(d) Adjustment Provision. In
the event of a merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or shares, stock rights offering, liquidation, disposition for consideration
of the Companys direct or indirect ownership of a Subsidiary or Affiliate (including by reason of a Disaffiliation), or similar
event affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each, a Corporate Transaction), the Committee or the Board may in
its discretion make such substitutions or adjustments as it deems appropriate and equitable to (A) the aggregate number and kind
of Shares or other securities reserved for issuance and delivery under the Plan, (B) the various maximum limitations set forth in
Sections 3(a) and 3(b) upon certain types of Awards and upon the grants to individuals of certain types of Awards, (C) the number
and kind of Shares or other securities subject to outstanding Awards, and (D) the exercise price of outstanding Awards. In the event
of a stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, share combination, or recapitalization or similar event affecting
the capital structure of the Company, or a Disaffiliation, separation or spinoff, in each case without consideration, or other extraordinary
dividend of cash or other property to the Companys stockholders (each, a Share Change), the Committee or the Board
shall make such substitutions or adjustments as it deems appropriate and equitable to (A) the aggregate number and kind of Shares
or other securities reserved for issuance and delivery under the Plan, (B) the various maximum limitations set forth in Sections
3(a) and 3(b) upon certain types of Awards and upon the grants to individuals of certain types of Awards, (C) the number and kind
of Shares or other securities subject to outstanding Awards, and (D) the exercise price of outstanding Awards. In the case of Corporate
Transactions, such adjustments may include, without limitation, (1) the cancellation of outstanding Awards in exchange for payments
of cash, property or a combination thereof having an aggregate value equal to the value of such Awards, as determined by the Committee
or the Board in its sole discretion (it being understood that in the case of a Corporate Transaction with respect to which stockholders
of Common Stock receive consideration other than publicly traded equity securities of the ultimate surviving entity, any such determination
by the Committee that the value of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall for this purpose be deemed to equal the excess, if any,
of the value of the consideration being paid for each Share pursuant to such Corporate Transaction over the exercise price of such Option
or Stock Appreciation Right shall conclusively be deemed valid); (2) the substitution of other property (including, without limitation,
cash or other securities of the Company and securities of entities other than the Company) for the Shares subject to outstanding Awards;
and (3) in connection with any Disaffiliation, arranging for the assumption of Awards, or replacement of Awards with new awards based
on other property or other securities (including, without limitation, other securities of the Company and securities of entities other
than the Company), by the affected Subsidiary, Affiliate, or division or by the entity that controls such Subsidiary, Affiliate, or division
following such Disaffiliation (as well as any corresponding adjustments to Awards that remain based upon Company securities). The Committee
may adjust the Performance Goals applicable to any Awards to reflect any unusual or non-recurring events and other extraordinary items,
impact of charges for restructurings, discontinued operations, and the cumulative effects of accounting or tax changes, each as defined
by generally accepted accounting principles or as identified in the Companys financial statements, notes to the financial statements,
managements discussion and analysis or the Companys SEC filings.

(e) Section 409A. Notwithstanding
the foregoing: (i) any adjustments made pursuant to Section 3(d) to Awards that are considered deferred compensation
within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code shall be made in compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code;
and (ii) any adjustments made pursuant to Section 3(d) to Awards that are not considered deferred compensation
subject to Section 409A of the Code shall be made in such a manner as to ensure that after such adjustments, either (A) the
Awards continue not to be subject to Section 409A of the Code or (B) there does not result in the imposition of any penalty
taxes under Section 409A of the Code in respect of such Awards.

SECTION 4. Eligibility

Awards may be granted under the Plan to Eligible
Individuals; provided, however, that Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries
or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code).

SECTION 5. Options and Stock Appreciation Rights

(a) Types of Options. Options
may be of two types: Incentive Stock Options and Nonqualified Options. The Award Agreement for an Option shall indicate whether the Option
is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Option.

(b) Types and Nature of Stock Appreciation
Rights. Stock Appreciation Rights may be Tandem SARs, which are granted in conjunction with an Option, or
Free-Standing SARs, which are not granted in conjunction with an Option. Upon the exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right,
the Participant shall be entitled to receive an amount in cash, Shares, or both, in value equal to the product of (i) the excess
of the Fair Market Value of one Share over the exercise price of the applicable Stock Appreciation Right, multiplied by (ii) the
number of Shares in respect of which the Stock Appreciation Right has been exercised. The applicable Award Agreement shall specify whether
such payment is to be made in cash or Common Stock or both, or shall reserve to the Committee or the Participant the right to make that
determination prior to or upon the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right.

(c) Tandem SARs. A Tandem
SAR may be granted at the Grant Date of the related Option. A Tandem SAR shall be exercisable only at such time or times and to the extent
that the related Option is exercisable in accordance with the provisions of this Section 5, and shall have the same exercise price
as the related Option. A Tandem SAR shall terminate or be forfeited upon the exercise or forfeiture of the related Option, and the related
Option shall terminate or be forfeited upon the exercise or forfeiture of the Tandem SAR.

(d) Exercise
Price. The exercise price per Share subject to an Option or Free-Standing SAR shall be determined by the Committee
and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement, and shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a share of the Common Stock on
the applicable Grant Date. In no event may any Option or Stock Appreciation Right granted under this Plan be amended, other than
pursuant to Section 3(d), to decrease the exercise price thereof, be cancelled in conjunction with the grant of any new Option
or Free-Standing SAR with a lower exercise price, or otherwise be subject to any action that would be treated, under the Applicable
Exchange listing standards or for accounting purposes, as a repricing of such Option or Free-Standing SAR, unless such
amendment, cancellation, or action is approved by the Companys stockholders.

(e) Term. The Term of each
Option and each Free-Standing SAR shall be fixed by the Committee but shall not exceed ten years from the Grant Date.

(f) Vesting and Exercisability. Except
as otherwise provided herein, Options and Free-Standing SARs shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and
conditions as shall be determined by the Committee, provided that, except as otherwise determined by the Committee, in no event shall
the normal vesting schedule of an Option or Free-Standing SAR provide that such Option or Free-Standing SAR vest prior to the first anniversary
of the date of grant.

(g) Method of Exercise. Subject
to the provisions of this Section 5, Options and Free-Standing SARs may be exercised, in whole or in part, at any time during the
applicable term by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying the number of shares of Common Stock as to which the Option
or Free-Standing SAR is being exercised. In the case of the exercise of an Option, such notice shall be accompanied by payment in full
of the purchase price (which shall equal the product of such number of shares multiplied by the applicable exercise price) by certified
or bank check or such other instrument as the Company may accept or, if approved by the Committee, payment, in full or in part, may also
be made as follows:

(i) Payments may be made in the form
of unrestricted shares of Common Stock (by delivery of such shares or by attestation) of the same class as the Common Stock subject to
the Option already owned by the Participant (based on the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date the Option is exercised).

(ii) To the extent permitted by applicable
law, payment may be made by delivering a properly executed exercise notice to the Company, together with a copy of irrevocable instructions
to a broker to deliver promptly to the Company the amount of sale or loan proceeds necessary to pay the purchase price, and, if requested,
the amount of any federal, state, local or foreign withholding taxes. To facilitate the foregoing, the Company may, to the extent permitted
by applicable law, enter into agreements for coordinated procedures with one or more brokerage firms. To the extent permitted by applicable
law, the Committee may also provide for Company loans to be made for purposes of the exercise of Options.

(iii) Payment may be made by instructing
the Company to withhold a number of shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value (based on the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock
on the date the applicable Option is exercised) equal to the product of (A) the exercise price multiplied by (B) the number
of shares of Common Stock in respect of which the Option shall have been exercised.

(h) Delivery; Rights of Stockholders. No
Shares shall be delivered pursuant to the exercise of an Option until the exercise price therefor has been fully paid and applicable taxes
have been withheld. The applicable Participant shall have all of the rights of a stockholder of the Company holding the class or series
of Common Stock that is subject to the Option or Stock Appreciation Right (including, if applicable, the right to vote the applicable
Shares and the right to receive dividends) when the Participant (i) has given written notice of exercise, (ii) if requested,
has given the representation described in Section 14(a), and (iii) in the case of an Option, has paid in full for such Shares.

(i) Nontransferability of Options and
Stock Appreciation Rights. No Option or Free-Standing SAR shall be transferable by a Participant other than, for no value
or consideration, (i) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, or (ii) in the case of a Nonqualified Option or Free-Standing
SAR, as otherwise expressly permitted by the Committee including, if so permitted, pursuant to a transfer to the Participants family
members, whether directly or indirectly or by means of a trust or partnership or otherwise (for purposes of this Plan, unless otherwise
determined by the Committee, family member shall have the meaning given to such term in General Instructions A.1(a)(5) to
Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any successor thereto). A Tandem SAR shall be transferable only with the related
Option as permitted by the preceding sentence. Any Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable, subject to the terms of this
Plan, only by the applicable Participant, the guardian or legal representative of such Participant, or any person to whom such Option
or Stock Appreciation Right is permissibly transferred pursuant to this Section 5(i), it being understood that the term Participant
includes such guardian, legal representative and other transferee; provided, however, that the term Termination of
Employment shall continue to refer to the Termination of Employment of the original Participant.

(j) Termination of Employment. A
Participants Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall be forfeited upon his or her Termination of Employment, except as set
forth below:

(i) Upon a Participants Termination
of Employment for any reason other than death, Disability, Retirement or Cause, any Option or Stock Appreciation Right held by the Participant
that was exercisable immediately before the Termination of Employment may be exercised, to the extent it was then exercisable, at any
time until the earlier of (A) the third anniversary of the date of the Termination of Employment and (B) the expiration of the Term thereof;

(ii) Upon a Participants Termination
of Employment by reason of the Participants death, any Option or Stock Appreciation Right held by the Participant shall vest in
full and be exercisable at any time until the earlier of (A) the third anniversary of the date of such death and (B) the expiration
of the Term thereof;

(iii) Upon a Participants Termination
of Employment by reason of Disability, any Option or Stock Appreciation Right held by the Participant shall vest in full and be exercisable
at any time until the earlier of (x) the third anniversary of the date of such Termination of Employment and (y) the expiration
of the Term thereof;

(iv) Upon a Participants Termination
of Employment for Retirement, any Option or Stock Appreciation Right held by the Participant shall vest in full and be exercisable at
any time until the earlier of (A) in the case of Nonqualified Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, (x) the fifth anniversary
of such Termination of Employment and (y) the expiration of the Term thereof, and (B) in the case of Incentive Stock Options,
(x) the third anniversary following such Termination of Employment and (y) the expiration of the Term thereof; and

(iv) Upon a Participants Termination
of Employment by reason of a termination by the Company for Cause, any Option or Stock Appreciation Right held by the Participant, whether
or not then exercisable, shall be immediately forfeited.

(k) The Committee shall have the power, in its
discretion, to apply different rules concerning the consequences of a Termination of Employment, provided, that if such rules
are less favorable to the Participant than those set forth above, such rules are set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.

(l) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Termination
of Employment shall not result in accelerated vesting of any Option or Stock Appreciation Right if and to the extent such vesting acceleration
is impermissible under the rules of regulations of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental authority as applicable
to the Company.

SECTION 6. Restricted Stock

(a) Nature of Awards and Certificates. Shares
of Restricted Stock are actual Shares issued to a Participant and shall be evidenced in such manner as the Committee may deem appropriate,
including book-entry registration or issuance of one or more stock certificates. Any certificate issued in respect of Shares of Restricted
Stock shall be registered in the name of the applicable Participant and shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions,
and restrictions applicable to such Award, substantially in the following form:

The transferability of this certificate and the shares
of stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including forfeiture) of the Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. 2025
Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan and an Award Agreement. Copies of such Plan and Award Agreement are on file at the offices of Patriot National
Bancorp, Inc.

The Committee may require that the certificates evidencing such shares
be held in custody by the Company until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed and that, as a condition of any Award of Restricted
Stock, the applicable Participant shall have delivered a stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Common Stock covered by such
Award.

(b) Terms and Conditions. Shares
of Restricted Stock shall be subject to the following terms and conditions:

(i) The Committee shall, prior to or
at the time of grant, condition (A) the vesting of an Award of Restricted Stock upon the continued service of the applicable Participant,
or (B) the grant or vesting of an Award of Restricted Stock upon the attainment of Performance Goals or the attainment of Performance
Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant. The conditions for grant or vesting and the other provisions of Restricted
Stock Awards (including without limitation any applicable Performance Goals) need not be the same with respect to each recipient.

(ii) Subject to the provisions of the
Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, during the period, if any, set by the Committee, commencing with the date of such Restricted
Stock Award for which such vesting restrictions apply (the Restriction Period), and until the expiration of the Restriction
Period, the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise encumber Shares of Restricted Stock.

(iii) Except as provided in this Section 6
and in the applicable Award Agreement, the applicable Participant shall have, with respect to the Shares of Restricted Stock, all of the
rights of a stockholder of the Company holding the class or series of Common Stock that is the subject of the Restricted Stock, including,
if applicable, the right to vote the Shares and the right to receive any cash dividends. If so determined by the Committee in the applicable
Award Agreement and subject to Section 14(e), (A) cash dividends on the class or series of Common Stock that is the subject
of the Restricted Stock Award shall be automatically deferred and reinvested in additional Restricted Stock, held subject to the vesting
of the underlying Restricted Stock, and (B) subject to any adjustment pursuant to Section 3(d), dividends payable in Common
Stock shall be paid in the form of Restricted Stock of the same class as the Common Stock with which such dividend was paid, held subject
to the vesting of the underlying Restricted Stock.

(iv) If and when any applicable Performance
Goals are satisfied and the Restriction Period expires without a prior forfeiture of the Shares of Restricted Stock for which legended
certificates have been issued, unlegended certificates for such Shares shall be delivered to the Participant upon surrender of the legended
certificates.

SECTION 7. Restricted Stock Units

(a) Nature of Awards. Restricted
stock units and deferred share rights (together, Restricted Stock Units) are Awards denominated in Shares that will be settled,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units, in an amount in cash, Shares, either or both, based upon the Fair Market
Value of a specified number of Shares.

(b) Terms and Conditions. Restricted
Stock Units shall be subject to the following terms and conditions:

(i) The Committee shall, prior to or
at the time of grant, condition (A) the vesting of Restricted Stock Units upon the continued service of the applicable Participant,
or (B) the grant or vesting of Restricted Stock Units upon the attainment of Performance Goals or the attainment of Performance Goals
and the continued service of the applicable Participant. The conditions for grant or vesting and the other provisions of Restricted Stock
Units (including without limitation any applicable Performance Goals) need not be the same with respect to each recipient. An Award of
Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as and when the Restricted Stock Units vest, at a later time specified by the Committee or in
the applicable Award Agreement, or, if the Committee so permits, in accordance with an election of the Participant.

(ii) Subject to the provisions of the
Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, during the period, if any, set by the Committee, commencing with the date of such Restricted
Stock Units for which such vesting restrictions apply (the Restriction Period), and until the expiration of the Restriction
Period, the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise encumber Restricted Stock Units.

(iii) The Award Agreement for Restricted
Stock Units shall specify whether, to what extent and on what terms and conditions the applicable Participant shall be entitled to receive
payments of cash, Common Stock or other property corresponding to the dividends payable on the Common Stock (subject to Section 14(e)
below).

SECTION 8. Performance Units.

Performance Units may be issued hereunder to Eligible
Individuals, for no cash consideration or for such minimum consideration as may be required by applicable law, either alone or in addition
to other Awards granted under the Plan. The Performance Goals to be achieved during any Performance Period and the length of the Performance
Period shall be determined by the Committee upon the grant of each Performance Unit, provided that the Performance Period
shall be no less than a fiscal quarter. The conditions for grant or vesting and the other provisions of Performance Units (including without
limitation any applicable Performance Goals) need not be the same with respect to each recipient. Performance Units may be paid in cash,
Shares, other property or any combination thereof, in the sole discretion of the Committee as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.

SECTION 9. Other Stock-Based Awards

Other Stock-Based Awards may be granted under
the Plan, provided that any Other Stock-Based Awards that are Awards of Common Stock that are unrestricted shall only
be granted in lieu of other compensation due and payable to the Participant.

SECTION 10. Change in Control Provisions

(a) General. The provisions
of this Section 10 shall, subject to Section 3(d) and Section 10(e), apply notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan
to the contrary, except to the extent the Committee specifically provides otherwise in an Award Agreement.

(b) Impact of Change in Control. Upon
the occurrence of a Change in Control, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement: (i) all then-outstanding Options
and Stock Appreciation Rights shall become fully vested and exercisable, and all Full-Value Awards (other than performance-based Awards)
shall vest in full, be free of restrictions, and be deemed to be earned and payable in an amount equal to the full value of such Award,
except in each case to the extent that another Award meeting the requirements of Section 10(c) (any award meeting the requirements
of Section 10(c), a Replacement Award) is provided to the Participant pursuant to Section 3(d) to replace such
Award (any award intended to be replaced by a Replacement Award, a Replaced Award), and (ii) any performance-based
Award that is not replaced by a Replacement Award shall be deemed to be earned and payable in an amount equal to the full value of such
performance-based Award (with all applicable Performance Goals deemed achieved at the greater of (x) the applicable target level
and (y) the level of achievement of the Performance Goals for the Award as determined by the Committee not later than the date of
the Change in Control, taking into account performance through the latest date preceding the Change in Control as to which performance
can, as a practical matter, be determined (but not later than the end of the applicable Performance Period)) multiplied by a fraction,
the numerator of which is the number of days during the applicable Performance Period before the date of the Change in Control, and the
denominator of which is the number of days in the applicable Performance Period; provided, however, that such
fraction shall be equal to one in the event that the applicable Performance Goals in respect of such performance-based Awards have been
fully achieved as of the date of such Change in Control.

(c) Replacement
Awards. An Award shall meet the conditions of this Section 10(c) (and hence qualify as a Replacement Award) if: (i) it
is of the same type as the Replaced Award; (ii) it has a value equal to the value of the Replaced Award as of the date of the Change
in Control; (iii) if the underlying Replaced Award was an equity-based award, it relates to publicly traded equity securities of
the Company or the entity surviving the Company following the Change in Control; (iv) it contains terms relating to vesting (including
with respect to a Termination of Employment) that are substantially identical to those of the Replaced Award; and (v) its other terms
and conditions are not less favorable to the Participant than the terms and conditions of the Replaced Award (including the provisions
that would apply in the event of a subsequent Change in Control) as of the date of the Change in Control. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, a Replacement Award may take the form of a continuation of the applicable Replaced Award if the requirements of the
preceding sentence are satisfied. If a Replacement Award is granted, the Replaced Award shall not vest upon the Change in Control. The
determination whether the conditions of this Section 10(c) are satisfied shall be made by the Committee, as constituted immediately
before the Change in Control, in its sole discretion.

(d) Termination of Employment. Upon
a Termination of Employment of a Participant occurring upon or during the two years immediately following the date of a Change in Control
by reason of death, Disability or Retirement, by the Company without Cause, or by the Participant for Good Reason (as defined
in Section 10(e)), (i) all Replacement Awards held by such Participant shall vest in full, be free of restrictions, and be deemed
to be earned in an amount equal to the full value of such Replacement Award, and (ii) unless otherwise provided in the applicable
Award Agreement, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, any Option or Stock Appreciation Right held by the Participant
as of the date of the Change in Control that remains outstanding as of the date of such Termination of Employment may thereafter be exercised,
until (A) in the case of Incentive Stock Options, the last date on which such Incentive Stock Options would be exercisable in the
absence of this Section 10(d), and (B) in the case of Nonqualified Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, the later of (x) the
last date on which such Nonqualified Option or Stock Appreciation Right would be exercisable in the absence of this Section 10(d)
and (y) the earlier of (1) the third anniversary of such Change in Control and (y) expiration of the Term of such Nonqualified
Option or Stock Appreciation Right.

(e) Definition of Change in Control. For
purposes of the Plan:

Change in Control shall mean any
of the following events:

(i) Any individual, entity or group
(within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) (a Person) becomes the beneficial owner (within
the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 30% or more of either (A) the then-outstanding shares of common
stock of the Company (the Outstanding Company Common Stock) or (B) the combined voting power of the then-outstanding
voting securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities); provided, however,
that, for purposes of this definition, the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control: (w) any acquisition directly
from the Company, (x) any acquisition by the Company, (y) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored
or maintained by the Company or any Affiliate or (z) any acquisition pursuant to a transaction that complies with clauses (iii)(A),
(iii)(B) and (iii)(C) below;

(ii) Individuals who, as of the Effective
Date, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however,
that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election, or nomination for election by the Companys
stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as
though such individual was a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption
of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other
actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board;

(iii) Consummation of a reorganization,
merger, statutory share exchange or consolidation or similar transaction involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries, a sale or other
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries (each, a Business Combination), in each case unless, following such Business Combination, (A) all
or substantially all of the individuals and entities that were the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Company Common Stock and the Outstanding
Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, greater than 50% of
the then-outstanding shares of common stock (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent securities) and the combined voting power of the
then-outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent
governing body), as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, an entity
that, as a result of such transaction, owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Companys assets either directly or through
one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination of the
Outstanding Company Common Stock and the Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (B) no Person (excluding any
corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such corporation
resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 30% or more of, respectively, the then-outstanding
shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then-outstanding
voting securities of such corporation, except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination, and (C) at
least a majority of the members of the board of directors (or, for a non-corporate entity, equivalent governing body) of the entity resulting
from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement or of the action
of the Board providing for such Business Combination; or

(iv) Approval by the stockholders of
the Company of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be deemed
to occur solely because any person acquires beneficial ownership of more than 20% (30% with respect to deferred compensation subject to
Section 409A of the Code) of the Company Voting Securities as a result of the acquisition of Company Voting Securities by the Company
which reduces the number of Company Voting Securities outstanding; provided, that if after such acquisition by the Company
such person becomes the beneficial owner of additional Company Voting Securities that increases the percentage of outstanding Company
Voting Securities beneficially owned by such person, a Change in Control of the Company shall then occur.

(f) Good Reason shall mean (A) a
material adverse change in the Participants authority, duties or responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to the Change
in Control; (B) a material reduction in the Participants base salary or annual bonus opportunity, in each case as in effect
immediately prior to the Change in Control; or (C) the reassignment of the Participants place of employment to an office location
more than 35 miles from the Participants then-current place of employment. However, none of the foregoing events or conditions
will constitute Good Reason unless the Participant provides the Company with written objection to the event or condition within 30 days
following the occurrence thereof, the Company does not reverse or otherwise cure the event or condition within 30 days of receiving that
written objection, and the Participant resigns his employment within 30 days following the expiration of that cure period.

(g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither Termination
of Employment nor the occurrence of a Change in Control (nor the combination of such events) shall not result in accelerated vesting of
any Award (including any Replacement Award) if and to the extent such vesting acceleration is impermissible under the rules of regulations
of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental authority as applicable to the Company.

(h) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Award
is subject to Section 409A of the Code, this Section 10 shall be applicable only to the extent specifically provided in the
Award Agreement and permitted pursuant to

Section 11(b).

SECTION 11. Section 16(b); Section 409A

(a) The provisions of this Plan are intended to
ensure that no transaction under the Plan is subject to (and not exempt from) the short-swing recovery rules of Section 16(b) of
the Exchange Act (Section 16(b)). Accordingly, the composition of the Committee shall be subject to such limitations as
the Board deems appropriate to permit transactions pursuant to this Plan to be exempt (pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange
Act) from Section 16(b), and no delegation of authority by the Committee shall be permitted if such delegation would cause any such
transaction to be subject to (and not exempt from) Section 16(b).

(b) The Plan is intended to comply with the requirements
of Section 409A of the Code or an exemption or exclusion therefrom and, with respect to amounts that are subject to Section 409A
of the Code, it is intended that the Plan be administered in all respects in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Each payment
under any Award shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. In no event may a Participant, directly
or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under any Award. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or any
Award Agreement to the contrary, in the event that a Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A
of the Code (as determined in accordance with the methodology established by the Company), amounts that constitute nonqualified
deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code that would otherwise be payable during the six-month
period immediately following a Participants separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the
Code (Separation from Service) shall instead be paid or provided on the first business day after the date that is six months
following the Participants Separation from Service. If the Participant dies following the Separation from Service and prior to
the payment of any amounts delayed on account of Section 409A of the Code, such amounts shall be paid to the personal representative
of the Participants estate within 30 days after the date of the Participants death.

SECTION 12. Term, Amendment and Termination

(a) Effectiveness. The
Plan was approved by the Board on March __, 2025 to be effective as of March , 2025 (the Effective Date), provided that
to the extent required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the approval of the Plan is subject to and contingent upon approval
by the Companys stockholders.

(b) Termination. The Plan
will terminate on the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date. Awards outstanding as of such date shall not be affected or impaired by
the termination of the Plan.

(c) Amendment of Plan. The
Board or the Committee may amend, alter, or discontinue the Plan, but no amendment, alteration or discontinuation shall be made which
would materially impair the rights of the Participant with respect to a previously granted Award without such Participants consent,
except such an amendment made to comply with applicable law, including without limitation Section 409A of the Code, Applicable Exchange
listing standards or accounting rules. In addition, no amendment shall be made without the approval of the Companys stockholders
to the extent such approval is required by applicable law or the listing standards of the Applicable Exchange as may be required on or
after the date hereof.

(d) Amendment of Awards. Subject
to Section 5(d), the Committee may unilaterally amend the terms of any Award theretofore granted, but no such amendment shall without
the Participants consent materially impair the rights of any Participant with respect to an Award, except such an amendment made
to cause the Plan or Award to comply with applicable law, Applicable Exchange listing standards or accounting rules.

SECTION 13. Unfunded Status of Plan

It is presently intended that the Plan constitute
an unfunded plan for incentive and deferred compensation. The Committee may authorize the creation of trusts or other arrangements
to meet the obligations created under the Plan to deliver Common Stock or make payments; provided, however, that unless the
Committee otherwise determines, the existence of such trusts or other arrangements is consistent with the unfunded status
of the Plan.

SECTION 14. General Provisions

(a) Conditions for Issuance. The
Committee may require each person purchasing or receiving Shares pursuant to an Award to represent to and agree with the Company in writing
that such person is acquiring the Shares without a view to the distribution thereof. The certificates for such Shares may include any
legend which the Committee deems appropriate to reflect any restrictions on transfer. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan
or agreements made pursuant thereto, the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificate or certificates for Shares
under the Plan prior to fulfillment of all of the following conditions: (i) listing or approval for listing upon notice of issuance,
of such Shares on the Applicable Exchange; (ii) any registration or other qualification of such Shares of the Company under any state
or federal law or regulation, or the maintaining in effect of any such registration or other qualification which the Committee shall,
in its absolute discretion upon the advice of counsel, deem necessary or advisable; and (iii) obtaining any other consent, approval,
or permit from any state or federal governmental agency which the Committee shall, in its absolute discretion after receiving the advice
of counsel, determine to be necessary or advisable.

(b) Additional Compensation Arrangements. Nothing
contained in the Plan shall prevent the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate from adopting other or additional compensation arrangements
for its employees.

(c) No Contract of Employment. The
Plan shall not constitute a contract of employment, and adoption of the Plan shall not confer upon any employee any right to continued
employment, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate to terminate the employment
of any employee at any time.

(d) Required Taxes. No
later than the date as of which an amount first becomes includible in the gross income of a Participant for federal, state, local or foreign
income or employment or other tax purposes with respect to any Award under the Plan, such Participant shall pay to the Company, or make
arrangements satisfactory to the Company regarding the payment of, any federal, state, local or foreign taxes of any kind required by
law to be withheld with respect to such amount. Unless otherwise determined by the Company, withholding obligations may be settled with
Common Stock, including Common Stock that is part of the Award that gives rise to the withholding requirement, having a Fair Market Value
on the date of withholding equal to the minimum amount (and not any greater amount) required to be withheld for tax purposes, all in accordance
with such procedures as the Committee establishes. The obligations of the Company under the Plan shall be conditional on such payment
or arrangements, and the Company and its Affiliates shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from
any payment otherwise due to such Participant. The Committee may establish such procedures as it deems appropriate, including making irrevocable
elections, for the settlement of withholding obligations with Common Stock.

(e) Limitation on Dividend Reinvestment
and Dividend Equivalents. Reinvestment of dividends in additional Restricted Stock at the time of any dividend payment,
and the payment of Shares with respect to dividends to Participants holding Awards of Restricted Stock Units, shall only be permissible
if sufficient Shares are available under Section 3 for such reinvestment or payment (taking into account then-outstanding Awards).
In the event that sufficient Shares are not available for such reinvestment or payment, such reinvestment or payment shall be made in
the form of a grant of Restricted Stock Units equal in number to the Shares that would have been obtained by such payment or reinvestment,
the terms of which Restricted Stock Units shall provide for settlement in cash and for dividend equivalent reinvestment in further Restricted
Stock Units on the terms contemplated by this Section 14(e).

(f) Designation of Death Beneficiary. The
Committee shall establish such procedures as it deems appropriate for a Participant to designate a beneficiary to whom any amounts payable
in the event of such Participants death are to be paid or by whom any rights of such eligible Individual, after such Participants
death, may be exercised.

(g) Subsidiary Employees. In
the case of a grant of an Award to any employee of a Subsidiary, the Company may, if the Committee so directs, issue or transfer the Shares,
if any, covered by the Award to the Subsidiary, for such lawful consideration as the Committee may specify, upon the condition or understanding
that the Subsidiary will transfer the Shares to the employee in accordance with the terms of the Award specified by the Committee pursuant
to the provisions of the Plan. All Shares underlying Awards that are forfeited or canceled should revert to the Company.

(h) Governing Law and Interpretation. The
Plan and all Awards made and actions taken thereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut,
without reference to principles of conflict of laws. The captions of this Plan are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no
force or effect.

(i) Non-Transferability. Except
as otherwise provided in Section 5(i) or by the Committee, Awards under the Plan are not transferable except by will or by laws of
descent and distribution.

(j) Foreign Employees and Foreign Law
Considerations. The Committee may grant Awards to Eligible Individuals who are foreign nationals, who are located outside
the United States or who are not compensated from a payroll maintained in the United States, or who are otherwise subject to (or could
cause the Company to be subject to) legal or regulatory provisions of countries or jurisdictions outside the United States, on such terms
and conditions different from those specified in the Plan as may, in the judgment of the Committee, be necessary or desirable to foster
and promote achievement of the purposes of the Plan, and, in furtherance of such purposes, the Committee may make such modifications,
amendments, procedures, or subplans as may be necessary or advisable to comply with such legal or regulatory provisions.

(k) Deferrals. The Committee
shall be authorized to establish procedures pursuant to which the payment of any Award may be deferred. Subject to the provisions of this
Plan and any Award Agreement, the recipient of an Award (including, without limitation, any deferred Award) may, if so determined by the
Committee, be entitled to receive, currently or on a deferred basis, interest or dividends, or interest or (except with respect to Options
and Stock Appreciation Rights) dividend equivalents, with respect to the number of shares covered by the Award, as determined by the Committee,
in its sole discretion, and the Committee may provide that such amounts (if any) shall be deemed to have been reinvested in additional
Shares or otherwise reinvested. Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends and dividend equivalents with respect to performance-based Awards
may not be paid until vesting (if any) of such Awards, and the Committee shall not take or omit to take any action that would result in
the imposition of penalty taxes under Section 409A of the Code.

(l) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Plan or any Award Agreement
to the contrary, no payment (as defined in 12 U.S.C. 1828(k)(5)(C) or 12 CFR 359.1(k)), shall be made pursuant to this Plan, any Award
Agreement hereunder or otherwise in contravention of 12 U.S.C. 1828(k) or 12 C.F.R. Part 359.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exh_105.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.5
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.5

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement),
dated as of the Effective Date (as defined below), is entered into by and among Patriot National Bancorp, Inc., a Connecticut corporation
(the Company), and Steven A. Sugarman (the Executive). The Company and Executive are each a
Party and collectively are the Parties.

WHEREAS, the Executive is currently the President
and a member of the Board of Directors of the Company;

WHEREAS, Patriot Bank, N.A. (the Bank)
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

WHEREAS, as an inducement to the hiring of Executive
and in connection with and subject to the successful completion of the recapitalization of the Company (the Capital Raise),
the Company agreed that Executive would be entitled to discretionary bonus, and this Agreement and the equity awards herein are in partial
satisfaction of such inducement.

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive have previously
entered into an Indemnification Agreement dated December 30, 2024 and do not seek to alter, revise, or amend that agreement or change
such rights in any way;

WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive desire to enter
into this Agreement in order to reflect the terms of employment agreed to by the Parties;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants
and agreements set forth below, and for other good and valuable consideration, the Company and the Executive hereby agree as follows:

1. Effective Date. The Effective
Date shall mean the closing of the Capital Raise.

2. Employment Period. The Company hereby
agrees to continue to employ the Executive, and the Executive hereby agrees to continue to serve the Company, subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, for the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on April 1, 2029 (the Employment
Period); provided , however, that, commencing on April 1, 2026, and on each anniversary of
such date (such date and each annual anniversary thereof, a Renewal Date), unless previously terminated, the Employment
Period shall automatically be extended so as to terminate three years from such Renewal Date, unless, at least 60 days prior to a
Renewal Date, the Company shall give notice to the Executive that the Employment Period shall not be so extended. The Employment Period
shall automatically terminate upon any termination of the Executives employment with the Company.

3. Terms of Employment.

(a) Position and Duties.

(i) During the Employment Period, the Executive shall
serve as a member of the Board of Directors and President of the Company with such duties and responsibilities as are customarily assigned
to such positions. Executive shall also have such other roles and responsibilities at the Company and the Bank as shall be mutually agreeable.
The Executive shall serve on the Board of the Company and as Chairman of the Strategy and Executive Committee of the Board during the
Employment Period. During the Employment Period, the location of Executives work on a daily basis shall be in the Executives
discretion. Executive will have an office in the Companys corporate headquarters and in such other locations, if any, as determined
by the Parties.

(ii) During the Employment Period, and excluding
any periods of FTO (as defined below) of which the Executive avails himself under this Agreement, the Executive shall be employed by the
Company on a full-time basis and agrees to devote such time as is necessary to discharge the responsibilities assigned to the Executive
hereunder and to use the Executives commercially reasonable efforts to perform such responsibilities. During the Employment Period,
it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Executive to, either for free or for personal compensation, (A) serve on corporate,
civic, or charitable boards or committees, (B) deliver lectures, fulfill speaking engagements, or teach at educational institutions,
(C) manage personal investments and personal investment companies, (D) attend to other business matters, so long as such activities
do not materially interfere with the performance of the Executives responsibilities as an employee of the Company in accordance
with this Agreement, and (E) subject to his fiduciary duties as an officer and director of the Company, serve as an officer and/or
director, of the entities previously disclosed to the Board and other related companies and similar private equity or portfolio companies.
The Company and the Bank acknowledge that the Executive may receive confidential, attorney-client, and regulatory communications pursuant
his role at other companies, and hereby waives any rights, claims, or demands to such information and to the extent such information inadvertently
is provided to the Company or on the Companys premises, electronic devices, servers, or otherwise, the Company agrees to preserve
the confidentiality of such information, not to review such information and to allow Executive to claw back such information at Executives
request.

(b) Compensation.

(i) Base Salary. During the Employment
Period, the Executive shall receive an annual base salary (Annual Base Salary) at a rate of not less than $200,000.00
payable in accordance with the Companys normal payroll policies. The Executives Annual Base Salary shall be reviewed for
increase at least annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the Compensation Committee) pursuant to normal
performance review policies. The review shall consider improvements to the Companys profitability, regulatory status, size, growth
in asset size, improvements in profitability, and improvements in regulatory status. The Annual Base Salary shall not be reduced after
any increase and the term Annual Base Salary as utilized in this Agreement shall refer to Annual Base Salary as so increased.

(ii) Annual Bonus. With respect to each
fiscal year ending during the Employment Period, the Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual bonus (Annual Bonus)
in the form of an award under the Companys 2025 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) (or its successor)
once approved by shareholders based on the attainment of performance objectives determined and established by the Compensation Committee,
in consultation with the Executive, with an annual target bonus commensurate with the fair market value of bonuses paid to the President
of peer organizations (the Target Bonus), prorated for any partial year. The actual Annual Bonus, which could be
higher or lower than the Target Bonus, shall be paid in accordance with customary practice in cash or in equity awards or RSUs with respect
to shares of Company common stock (including restrictive covenants) that are substantially consistent with the terms of equity awards
granted under the Plan to employees of the Company in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, as determined by
the Compensation Committee in its discretion; provided , however, that no more than 50% of the actual Annual
Bonus for any year shall be paid in the form of equity awards.

(iii) Equity Awards. During the Employment
Period, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Companys equity compensation plans as may be in effect from time
to time on a basis that is no less favorable than those generally applicable to other senior executives of the Company. The Company shall
issue to the Executive the Initial Equity Award within thirty (30) days following the Effective Date, and within thirty (30) days following
the end of each quarter during the term of this Agreement, the Company shall issue to the Executive the Quarterly Equity Award.

(iv) Severance and Indemnification Rights.
Executive shall not be entitled to any payments of severance or any indemnification rights that would be in violation of FDIC Rules and
Regulations, Part 359 (including SR letter 03-6, Guidance Regarding Restrictions on Institutions in Troubled Condition).
Within thirty (30) days following the date that the Company is no longer considered to be in Troubled Condition, the Company
and Executive will update this Agreement to include appropriate severance and indemnification rights.

(v) Clawback. For three years following the
grant of any equity payments or other equity compensation, all equity payments or other equity compensation provided to the Executive
under this Agreement shall be subject to such deductions and clawback (recovery) as may be required to be made pursuant to law, government
regulation, order, or stock exchange listing requirement (or any policy of the Company adopted pursuant to any such law, government regulation,
order, or stock exchange listing requirement) or by agreement with, or consent of, the Executive.

(vi) Flexible Time Off. The Executive
shall be entitled to take off as much time as needed or as appropriate (FTO), consistent with his professional responsibilities
and business needs; provided that the Executive is meeting his work responsibilities; and provided, further,
that he is demonstrating a level of commitment and conscientiousness that is sufficient to satisfy his professional responsibilities to
Employer. The Executive will receive his usual base salary during approved FTO unless the Executive is on an extended leave that is unpaid
pursuant to Employers employee handbook or applicable law (e.g., FMLA, CFRA, or other extended leave). Because FTO is not an accrued
benefit, the Executive will not be eligible for a payout of FTO at the time of separation from Employer, regardless of the reason for
the separation.

(vii) Other Employee Benefit Plans. During
the Employment Period, the Executive and/or the Executives family, as the case may be, shall be eligible for participation in all
benefits under all plans, practices, policies, and programs provided by the Company on a basis that is no less favorable than those generally
applicable or made available to executives of the Company. The Executive shall be eligible for participation in fringe benefits and perquisite
plans, practices, policies, and programs (including, without limitation, expense reimbursement plans, practices, policies, and programs,
as well as retirement and supplemental executive disability and life insurance benefits) on a basis that is no less favorable than those
generally applicable or made available to executives of the Company; provided that business travel, meal expenses, and
business accommodations shall be in the Executives reasonable discretion and shall include premium air travel.

(viii) Beneficiaries. From time to time,
by signing a form furnished by the Company, the Executive may designate any legal or natural person or persons (who may be designated
contingently or successively) to whom to transfer any outstanding equity awards held by the Executive at the time of his death. If the
Executive fails to designate a beneficiary as provided above, or if the designated beneficiary dies before the Executive or before complete
payment or settlement of the outstanding equity awards, the outstanding equity awards held by the Executive shall be transferred to the
Executives estate. For purposes of this Agreement, the term designated beneficiary means the person or persons
designated by the Executive as his beneficiary in the last effective beneficiary designation form filed with the Company, or if the Executive
has failed to designate a beneficiary, the Executives estate.

4. Termination of Employment.

(a) Death or Disability. The Executives
employment shall terminate automatically upon the Executives death during the Employment Period. If the Company determines in good
faith that the Disability of the Executive has occurred during the Employment Period (pursuant to the definition of Disability set forth
below), it may provide the Executive with written notice in accordance with Section 10(b) of its intention to terminate the Executives
employment. In such event, the Executives employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the 30th day after receipt of
such notice by the Executive (the Disability Effective Date); provided that, within the 30 days
after such receipt, the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Executives duties. For purposes of this
Agreement, Disability shall mean the absence of the Executive from the Executives duties with the Company
on a full-time basis for 90 consecutive days, or a total of 180 days in any 12-month period, as a result of incapacity due to
mental or physical illness that is determined to be total and permanent by a physician selected jointly by the Company or its insurers
and the Executive or the Executives legal representative.

(b) Cause. The Company may terminate
the Executives employment during the Employment Period either with or without Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause
shall mean:

(i) the Executive is convicted of, or pleads guilty
or nolo contendere to a charge of commission of a felony involving moral turpitude or securities or banking laws;

(ii) the Executive has engaged in willful gross neglect
or willful gross misconduct in carrying out his duties, which is reasonably expected to result in material economic or material reputational
harm to the Company;

(iii) the Executive is subject to an action taken
by a regulatory body or a self-regulatory organization that materially impairs or prevents the Executive from performing his duties with
the Company that are required under this Agreement; or

(iv) the Executive willfully breaches any material
provision of this Agreement.

For purposes of this Section 4(b), no act or failure to act, on the
part of the Executive, shall be considered willful unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith
or without reasonable belief that the Executives action or omission was in the best interests of the Company or at the advice of
counsel. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board, Bank Board, or upon
the instructions of the Board, the Bank Board, or the lead independent director of the Board or based upon the advice of counsel for the
Company shall be conclusively determined to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the best interests of
the Company and therefore not willful. To invoke a termination with Cause on any of the grounds enumerated under Section 4(b)(ii)
or Section 4(b)(iv), the following process must be followed: (1) the Board, after a duly noticed meeting with a quorum of Disinterested
Directors (as defined below) present, must approve and provide notice to the Executive of the existence of such grounds within 30 days
following the Companys knowledge of such grounds (the Cause Notice); (2) the Executive shall be provided with 30
days to cure the alleged grounds (the Cure Period); (3) during the Cure Period, the Executive shall be provided the opportunity
to make an in-person and written presentation to the Disinterested Directors from whom the Cause Notice was provided; (4) the Company
shall provide all documents reasonably requested by the Executive that are related to the Cause determination or whether the directors
are Disinterested Directors and not subject to attorney-client privilege, confidentiality obligations or prohibited from being disclosed
pursuant to applicable law or legal process; (5) if, after the Cure Period and taking into account any presentation by the Executive,
the Disinterested Directors determine that Cause exists, the Disinterested Directors shall provide written notice to the Executive immediately
and describe the reasoning of their decision to terminate the Executives employment for Cause; (6) the Executive shall then have
seven calendar days from receipt of such notice to provide a response to the decision or otherwise cure the allegedly uncured breaches;
and (7) the Disinterested Directors shall conduct a hearing on or after the expiration of the period set forth in clause (6) in which
the Executive shall be entitled to present his response to the conclusion of the Disinterested Directors after which hearing and considering
any response by the Executive, the Disinterested Directors shall make their final decision on Cause. Disinterested Directors
shall be the members of the Board (other than the Executive) who are not party to the transactions giving rise to the allegation of Cause.

(c) Good Reason. The Executives employment may be terminated
by the Executive with Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean, in the absence of a written
consent of the Executive, any of the following:

(i) the assignment to the Executive of any duties
materially inconsistent with the Executives position, authority, duties, or responsibilities as contemplated by Section 3(a),
any failure to continue the Executive in any of the positions contemplated by Section 3(a), or any other action by the Company that
results in a material diminution in such positions or the Executives authority, duties or responsibilities;

(ii) any material breach of any of the provisions
of Section 3(b);

(iii) any requirement by the Company that the Executives
services be rendered primarily at a specific location or locations other than those identified in Section 3(a)(i); or

(iv) any failure by the Company to comply with Section 9(c).

To invoke a termination with Good Reason, the Executive shall provide written
notice to the Company of the existence of one or more of the conditions described in clauses (i) through (iv) within 90 days
following the Executives knowledge of the initial existence of such condition or conditions and the Company shall have 30 days
following receipt of such written notice (the Cure Period) during which it may remedy the condition if such condition
is reasonably subject to cure. If the Company fails to remedy the condition constituting Good Reason during the applicable Cure Period,
the Executives separation from service(within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code), must occur, if at all,
within 180 days following such Cure Period in order for such termination as a result of such condition to constitute a termination
with Good Reason.

(d) Without Good Reason. The Executives
employment may be terminated by the Executive without Good Reason at any time. Given the importance of the Executives position
with Employer, the Executive agrees to make a good faith effort to provide the Company up to 30-days notice or to enter into a
consulting agreement to cooperate with the Company for at least 30 days following the Executives departure (the Cooperation
Period) During the Cooperation Period, Employer shall continue to pay the Executive compensation equal to Executives base
salary and the Executive shall be entitled to participate in Employers benefit plans to the extent permitted by such plans and
applicable law. During the Cooperation Period, Employer reserves the right to (A) change or remove any of the Executives duties,
(B) require the Executive to remain away from Employers premises, and/or (C) take such other action as determined by
Employer to aid and assist in the transition process associated with the Executives departure. During the Notice Period, the Executive
shall continue to act in a manner consistent with this Agreement and his duty of loyalty to Employer. Employer may waive or terminate
the Cooperation Period at any time and for any reason or for no reason.

(e) Notice of Termination. Any termination
by the Company with Cause, or by the Executive with or without Good Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other
party hereto given in accordance with Section 10(b). For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination
means a written notice that (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent
applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executives
employment under the provision so indicated, and (iii) if the Date of Termination (as defined below) is other than the date of receipt
of such notice, specifies the termination date.

(f) Date of Termination. For purposes
of this Agreement, Date of Termination means (i) if the Executives employment is terminated
by the Company with Cause, or by the Executive with Good Reason, the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination or any later date specified
therein, as the case may be, (ii) if the Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause, the Date of Termination
shall be the date on which the Company notifies the Executive of such termination, (iii) if the Executives employment is terminated
by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of death of the Executive or the Disability Effective Date,
as the case may be, and (iv) if the Executives employment is terminated without Good Reason, the Date of Termination shall
be the earlier of 60 days following the Notice Date and such earlier date as designated by Employer.

5. RESERVED.

6. No Setoff; No Mitigation; Legal Fees.
The Companys obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder
shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense, or other claim, right, or action that the Company may have against
the Executive or others. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation
of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and, such amounts shall not be reduced whether or
not the Executive obtains other employment. The Company agrees to pay as incurred, to the full extent permitted by law, all legal fees
and expenses that the Executive may reasonably incur as a result of any contest by the Company, any affiliates, or their respective predecessors,
successors, or assigns, the Executive, his estate, beneficiaries, or their respective successors and assigns of the validity or enforceability
of, or liability under, any provision of this Agreement (including as a result of any contest by the Executive about the amount of any
payment pursuant to this Agreement); provided that the Executive prevails on at least one material claim.

7. RESERVED

8. Definitions. The following terms shall have
the following meanings for purposes of this Agreement.

(i)Common Stock shall mean the
voting common stock of the Company.

(ii)Initial Equity Award equals
the amount of Restricted Stock Units equal to five percent (5%) of the outstanding Stock of the Company as of the Effective Date.

(iii)Quarterly Equity Award
equals the amount of Restricted Stock Units equal to the number of shares of Common Stock equivalent to five percent (5%) of the outstanding
Stock of the Company as of most recent quarter-end minus the amount of Common Stock held by the Executive pursuant to awards previously
issued pursuant to Section 3(b)(iii) of this Agreement as of most recent quarter-end.

(iv)Restricted Stock Units 
or RSUs shall mean restricted stock units in the Company that vest in twelve (12) equal monthly tranches commencing on the
issuance date. The RSUs shall have a 1 year Restricted Period and settle on the date of the expiration of the Restricted Period in the
form attached as Exhibit A. They shall not be eligible for accelerated vesting upon a Change in Control or a Termination.

(xi)Stock shall mean the Common
Stock plus all equity securities eligible to be converted into Common Stock in the Company, including non-voting common stock and preferred
stock (if any).

9. Confidential Information.

(a) Confidential Information. The Executive
shall hold in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential information, knowledge, or data relating
to the Company or any of its affiliated companies, and their respective businesses, which shall have been obtained by the Executive during
the Executives employment with the Company or any of its affiliated companies and which shall not be or become public knowledge
(other than by acts by the Executive or representatives of the Executive in violation of this Agreement). After termination of the Executives
employment with the Company, neither the Company nor the Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the other Party, under
a confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement, or as may otherwise be required by law, regulation, or legal process, communicate or divulge
any such information, knowledge, or data to anyone other than the other Party and those designated by it or as may be required by applicable
law, court order, a regulatory body, or arbitrator or other mediator. The Company agrees that the Executives mobile number shall
remain his property upon any termination for any reason. The Company also agrees that, notwithstanding any other Company policy, the Executive
has a right to privacy over emails on Company servers that involve communications with his attorney, financial advisors, or his family
members, as well as a right to privacy regarding such documents and communications on other Company paid devices. To the extent not prohibited
by law or legal process, bona fide contractual obligations and the directors fiduciary duties, the Company agrees that it shall
(1) notify Executive promptly of any requests, subpoenas or other attempts to access his personal information and shall provide him an
opportunity to object to such requests; (2) not directly or indirectly through a third party or otherwise attempt to conduct electronic
or physical surveillance against the Executive or his family during his employment or for one year after termination of his employment;
and (3) at all times during his employment, promptly inform the Executive of any regulatory contacts, disclosures, inquiries, subpoenas,
or requests relating to Executive or the Company.

(b) Remedies. The Executive and Company
each acknowledge that the other Party would be irreparably injured by any violation of this Agreement, including this Section 9,
and the Executive and Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that, in addition to any other remedies available to it for any breach or
threatened breach of this Agreement, including this Section 9, the Executive and Company shall be entitled, without posting any bond
or proof of damages, to a preliminary or permanent injunction, restraining order, and/or other equitable or specific performance based
relief, restraining the Executive from any actual or threatened breach of this Agreement, including this Section 9. In the event
of a dispute under the Agreement, the Company will pay all legal fees as incurred by Executive in connection with the dispute.

10. Successors.

(a) Assignment; Executives Successors.
This Agreement is personal to the Executive and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by the Executive.
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executives legal representatives, heirs, or legatees.

(b) Companys Successors. This
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns.

(c) Corporate Transaction. The Company
will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all
of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same
extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As used in this Agreement, the Company
shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid that assumes and agrees to
perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise.

11. Miscellaneous.

(a) Governing Law; Amendment. This Agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Connecticut, without reference to principles of conflict
of laws. If, under any such law, any portion of this Agreement is at any time deemed to be in conflict with any applicable statute, rule,
regulation, or ordinance, such portion shall be deemed to be modified or altered to conform thereto. The captions of this Agreement are
not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect. This Agreement may not be amended or modified otherwise than by a
written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives.

(b) Notices. All notices and other communications
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the other parties or by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

If to the Executive: At the most recent address

on file at the Company.

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Jeremy L. Goldstein, Esq.

Sterlington PLLC

Jeremy.Goldstein@sterlingtonlaw.com

If to the Company: Patriot National Bancorp, Inc.

900 Bedford Street

Stamford, CT 06901

Attention: Board of Directors

or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to
the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notice and communications shall be effective when actually received by the addressee.

(c) Expenses. The Company shall reimburse
Executive for legal fees for this Agreement and related legal documents.

(d) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability
of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.

(e) Withholding. The Company may withhold
from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, local, or foreign taxes as shall be required to be withheld pursuant
to any applicable law or regulation.

(f) Survival. Any provision of this Agreement
that by its terms continues after the expiration of the Employment Period or the termination of the Executives employment shall
survive in accordance with its terms.

(g) Regulatory Requirements. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the compensation or benefits provided under this Agreement are subject to modification, as necessary
to comply with requirements imposed by the Board or Board of Directors of the Bank to comply with the Final Interagency Guidance
on Sound Incentive Compensation Policies issued on an interagency basis by the Federal Reserve System, the Office of the Comptroller
of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of Thrift Supervision, effective June 25, 2010, or any
amendment, modification, or supplement thereto, which shall be deemed to include, without limitation, any rules adopted pursuant to Section 956
of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.

(h) Section 409A. If the Executive
determines, in good faith, that any compensation or benefits provided by this Agreement may result in the application of Section 409A
of the Code, the Executive shall provide written notice thereof (describing in reasonable detail the basis therefor) to the Company, and
the Company shall, in consultation with the Executive, modify the Agreement in the least restrictive manner necessary in order to exclude
such compensation from the definition of deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code or in
order to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, other applicable provision(s) of the Code and/or any rules, regulations,
or other regulatory guidance issued under such statutory provisions and without any diminution in the value of the payments to the Executive.
Any payments that, under the terms of this Agreement, qualify for the short-term deferral exception under Treasury Regulations
1.409A-1(b)(4), the separation pay exception under Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or
any other exception under Section 409A of the Code will be paid under the applicable exceptions to the greatest extent possible.
Each payment under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. Anything in this
Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, if at the time of the Executives separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A
of the Code, the Executive is considered a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the
Code, and if any payment that the Executive becomes entitled to under this Agreement is considered deferred compensation subject to interest,
penalties, and additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A of the Code as a result of the application of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i)
of the Code, then no such payment shall be payable prior to the date that is the earlier of (i) six months and one day following
the Executives separation from service (provided that any accrued installments that would otherwise be payable during
that six-month period are paid at the end of such period) or (ii) the Executives death. In no event shall the Date of Termination
be deemed to occur until the Executive experiences a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of
the Code, and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the date on which such separation from service takes place shall
be the Date of Termination. All reimbursements provided under this Agreement shall be provided in accordance with the requirements of
Section 409A of the Code, including, where applicable, the requirement that (A) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement
during one calendar year will not affect the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year; (B) the reimbursement
of an eligible expense will be made no later than the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense is
incurred; and (C) the right to any reimbursement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company makes no representation or covenant to ensure that the payments and benefits under this Agreement are exempt
from, or compliant with, Section 409A of the Code.

(i) Entire Agreement. This Agreement
shall constitute the entire agreement among the Company, the Bank and the Executive with respect to the subject matter hereof, and shall
supersede any prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or between the parties, whether written or oral.

Section 12. Arbitration.

(a) Scope; Location. Any dispute, claim or
controversy arising out of, relating to, or in connection with this Agreement, including but not limited to the breach, termination, enforcement,
interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate shall be
determined by arbitration in New York. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any dispute relating to whether a director is
a Disinterested Director, or if no director is a Disinterested Director, whether Cause exists, shall be determined pursuant
to such arbitration.

(b) Arbitrator. Any arbitration shall
be heard and decided by a single arbitrator. The arbitration shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules
and Procedures, except as specifically provided in this Agreement. The arbitrator shall be jointly selected by the Company and the Executive;
except in the event that the Company and the Executive cannot agree upon the arbitrator within ten (10) business days of a party providing
written notice to the other party of its intent to arbitrate and for the parties to jointly select an arbitrator, then JAMS shall select
a single, neutral arbitrator for the parties. Any such arbitrator selected by JAMS cannot have previously performed services for either
party, with each party to promptly disclose any previously performed services upon notification of a JAMS selected proposed arbitrator.

(c) Award. Any award by the arbitrator may
be entered as a judgment in any court having jurisdiction. This Section 11 shall not preclude the parties from seeking provisional remedies
in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction, including for any injunction sought pursuant to Section 8(c).

(d) Costs. In any arbitration in any way arising
out of, related to, or pertaining to this Agreement, costs for administration by JAMS and fees for the arbitrator shall be borne by the
Company, with each party to bear its own expenses, including but not limited to the cost of any expert(s), and attorneys fees.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the arbitrator may award to the prevailing party, if any, the costs and attorneys fees reasonably
incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the arbitration. If the arbitrator determines a party to be the prevailing party under
circumstances where the prevailing party won on some but not all of the claims and counterclaims, the arbitrator may award the prevailing
party an appropriate percentage of the costs and attorneys fees reasonably incurred by the prevailing party in connection with
the arbitration. Notwithstanding the provisions in Section 11, the parties agree to use their best reasonable efforts to minimize the
costs and frequency of arbitration hereunder. 

(e) Timelines. To the extent that any action
is required to be taken under this Agreement within a specified period of time and the taking of such action is materially affected by
any matter submitted to arbitration pursuant to this Section 11, such period shall automatically be extended by the number of days, plus
ten (10) additional business days that are taken for the determination of that matter by the arbitrator.

(Signature Page Follows)

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has hereunto set
the Executives hand and, pursuant to authorization from its Board of Directors, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed
in its name on its behalf, all as of the day and year first above written.

PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC.

By: /s/ Michael Carrazza

Name: Michael Carrazza

Title: Board Chair

EXECUTIVE

/s/ Steven A. Sugarman

Steven A. Sugarman

[ Signature Page to Sugarman Employment Agreement ]

EXHIBIT A

RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT between Patriot
National Bancorp, Inc., a Connecticut corporation (the Company), and Steven Sugarman.

This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this
Award Agreement) sets forth the terms and conditions of an award of [] restricted stock units (this
Award) that are subject to the terms and conditions specified herein (each such restricted stock unit, an RSU).
This Award provides you with the opportunity to earn, subject to the terms of this Award Agreement, the value of shares of the Companys
Common Stock, $0.01 par value (Share) as set forth in Section 3 this Award Agreement.

THIS AWARD IS SUBJECT TO ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF THIS AWARD AGREEMENT AND, IF AND WHEN APPROVED BY THE COMPANYS SHAREHOLDERS, THE 2025 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN (THEPLAN),
INCLUDING THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 10 OF THIS AWARD AGREEMENT. BY SIGNING YOUR NAME BELOW, YOU SHALL HAVE
CONFIRMED YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AWARD AGREEMENT.

SECTION 1. The Plan. Upon shareholder approval
of the Companys 2025 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan), the settlement of the RSUs will be made solely in
Shares and all the terms of the Plan are hereby incorporated in this Award Agreement.

SECTION 2. Definitions. Capitalized terms
used in this Award Agreement that are not defined in this Award Agreement have the meanings as used or defined in the Employment Agreement,
or if not defined in the Employment Agreement, then in the Plan. As used in this Award Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
set forth below:

Code means the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended.

Employment Agreement means any
individual employment agreement between you and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

SECTION 3. Vesting, Restricted Period, and Settlement.

(a) Service-Based Vesting. Subject to your
continued employment or service through each applicable vesting date, you shall vest in the RSUs subject to this Award Agreement in twelve
(12) equal monthly installments during the one-year period following the date on which the RSUs are granted.

(b) Change of Control. In the event of a Change
of Control, there shall be no change in the terms of the outstanding RSUs including with respect to vesting, the restricted period, or
otherwise

(c) Termination of Employment. In the event
of the termination of your employment, , there shall be no change in the terms of the outstanding RSUs including with respect to vesting,
the restricted period, or otherwise.

(d) Restricted Period: The outstanding RSUs
shall have a restricted period of one year from the date on which the RSUs are granted.

(e) Settlement of RSU Award. As soon as practicable,
but no later than ten (10) business days, following the date on which the RSUs restricted period ends, the Company shall deliver to you
or your legal representative the following:

(i) to the extent the Plan has not been approved
by the Companys shareholders, cash equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share as of the date on which the RSUs restricted
period ends for each RSU that has vested in accordance with the terms of this Award Agreement (no Share settlement option); or

(ii) to the extent the Plan has been approved by
the Companys shareholders, one Share for each RSU that vested in accordance with the terms of this Award Agreement (no cash settlement
option).

SECTION 4. Forfeiture of RSUs. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein and without limiting any rights and remedies available to the Company, in the event your role as an employee,
officer and director of the Company are all terminated, the Company may cause your rights with respect to unvested RSUs to immediately
terminate.

SECTION 5. No Rights as a Stockholder. You
shall not have any rights or privileges of a stockholder with respect to the RSUs subject to this Award Agreement unless and until certificates
representing Shares are actually issued and delivered to you or your legal representative in settlement of this Award.

SECTION 6. Non-Transferability of RSUs. Unless
otherwise provided by the Committee in its discretion, RSUs may not be sold, assigned, alienated, transferred, pledged, attached or otherwise
encumbered except as provided in Section 9(a) of the Plan. Any purported sale, assignment, alienation, transfer, pledge, attachment or
other encumbrance of RSUs in violation of the provisions of this Section 6 and Section 14(i) of the Plan shall be void.

SECTION 7. Withholding, Consents and Legends.

(a) Withholding. The delivery of Shares pursuant
to Section 3 of this Award Agreement is conditioned on satisfaction of any applicable withholding taxes in accordance with this Section
7(a) and Section 9(d) of the Plan. No later than the date as of which an amount first becomes includible in your gross income for Federal,
state, local or foreign income tax purposes with respect to any RSUs, you shall pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory
to the Company regarding the payment of, any Federal, state, local and foreign taxes that are required by applicable laws and regulations
to be withheld with respect to such amount. In the event that there is withholding tax liability in connection with the settlement of
the RSUs, if authorized by the Committee in its sole discretion, you may satisfy, in whole or in part, any withholding tax liability by
having the Company withhold from the amount of cash or the number of Shares you would be entitled to receive upon settlement of the RSUs,
the amount of cash or the number of Shares having a Fair Market Value (which shall either have the meaning set forth in the Plan or shall
have such other meaning as determined by the Company in accordance with applicable withholding requirements) the minimum withholding tax
liability.

(b) Consents. Your rights in respect of the
RSUs are conditioned on the receipt to the full satisfaction of the Committee of any required consents that the Committee may determine
to be necessary or advisable (including your consent to the Companys supplying to any third-party recordkeeper of the Plan such
personal information as the Committee deems advisable to administer the Plan).

(c) Legends. The Company may affix to certificates
for Shares issued pursuant to this Award Agreement any legend that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable (including to
reflect any restrictions to which you may be subject under any applicable securities laws). The Company may advise the transfer agent
to place a stop order against any legended Shares.

SECTION 8. Successors and Assigns of the Company.
The terms and conditions of this Award Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors
and assigns.

SECTION 9. Committee Discretion. The Compensation
Committee of the Board shall have full and plenary discretion with respect to any actions to be taken or determinations to be made in
connection with this Award Agreement, and its determinations shall be final, binding and conclusive.

SECTION 10. Dispute Resolution.

(a) Jurisdiction and Venue. Notwithstanding
any provision in your Employment Agreement, you and the Company irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of (i) the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York and (ii) the courts of the State of New York for the purposes of any suit, action
or other proceeding arising out of this Award Agreement or the Plan. You and the Company agree to commence any such action, suit or proceeding
either in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York or, if such suit, action or other proceeding may not
be brought in such court for jurisdictional reasons, in the courts of the State of New York. You and the Company further agree that service
of any process, summons, notice or document by U.S. registered mail to the other partys address set forth below shall be effective
service of process for any action, suit or proceeding in New York with respect to any matters to which you have submitted to jurisdiction
in this Section 10(a). You and the Company irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any action, suit
or proceeding arising out of this Award Agreement or the Plan in (A) the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York or (B) the courts of the State of New York, and hereby and thereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to
plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient
forum.

(b) Waiver of Jury Trial. You and the Company
hereby waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right either of you may have to a trial by jury in respect to any
litigation directly or indirectly arising out of, under or in connection with this Award Agreement or the Plan.

(c) Confidentiality. You hereby agree to keep
confidential the existence of, and any information concerning, a dispute described in this Section 10, except that you may disclose information
concerning such dispute to the court that is considering such dispute or to your legal counsel (provided that such counsel agrees not
to disclose any such information other than as necessary to the prosecution or defense of the dispute).

SECTION 11. Notice. All notices, requests,
demands and other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand or overnight courier or three business days after they have been mailed by U.S.
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the other party as set forth below:

If to the Company: 

Patriot National Bancorp, Inc.

900 Bedford Street

Stamford, CT 06901

Attention: Board of Directors

with copies to:

If to you: 

Jeremy L. Goldstein & Associates, LLC

Jeremy.Goldstein@sterlingtonlaw.com;

notices@sterlingtonlaw.com

Attention: Jeremy L. Goldstein, Esq.

To your address as most recently supplied to the Company and set forth in the Companys
records

The parties may change the address to which notices
under this Award Agreement shall be sent by providing written notice to the other in the manner specified above.

SECTION 12. Governing Law. This Award Agreement
shall be deemed to be made in the State of Delaware, and the validity, construction and effect of this Award Agreement in all respects
shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof.

SECTION 13. Headings and Construction. Headings
are given to the Sections and subsections of this Award Agreement solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall
not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of this Award Agreement or any provision thereof.
Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Award Agreement, they shall
be deemed to be followed by the words but not limited to. The term or is not exclusive.

SECTION 14. Amendment of this Award Agreement.
The Committee may waive any conditions or rights under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate this
Award Agreement prospectively or retroactively; provided, however, that, except as set forth in Section 15(d) of this Award
Agreement, any such waiver, amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancelation or termination that would materially and adversely
impair your rights under this Award Agreement shall not to that extent be effective without your consent (it being understood, notwithstanding
the foregoing proviso, that this Award Agreement and the RSUs shall be subject to the provisions of Section 7(c) of the Plan).

SECTION 15. Section 409A.

(a) It is intended that the provisions of this Award
Agreement comply with Section 409A, and all provisions of this Award Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in a manner consistent
with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A.

(b) Neither you nor any of your creditors or beneficiaries
shall have the right to subject any deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) payable under this Award Agreement to any
anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, attachment or garnishment. Except as permitted under Section
409A, any deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) payable to you or for your benefit under this Award Agreement may
not be reduced by, or offset against, any amount owing by you to the Company or any of its Affiliates.

(c) If, at the time of your separation from service
(within the meaning of Section 409A), (i) you shall be a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and using the identification
methodology selected by the Company from time to time) and (ii) the Company shall make a good faith determination that an amount payable
hereunder constitutes deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) the payment of which is required to be delayed pursuant
to the six-month delay rule set forth in Section 409A in order to avoid taxes or penalties under Section 409A, then the Company shall
not pay such amount on the otherwise scheduled payment date but shall instead pay it, without interest (except as otherwise provided in
your Employment Agreement), on the first business day after such six-month period.

(d) Notwithstanding any provision of this Award Agreement
to the contrary, in light of the uncertainty with respect to the proper application of Section 409A, the Company reserves the right to
make amendments to this Award Agreement as the Company deems necessary or desirable to avoid the imposition of taxes or penalties under
Section 409A. In any case, you shall be solely responsible and liable for the satisfaction of all taxes and penalties that may be imposed
on you or for your account in connection with this Award Agreement (including any taxes and penalties under Section 409A), and neither
the Company nor any of its Affiliates shall have any obligation to indemnify or otherwise hold you harmless from any or all of such taxes
or penalties.

SECTION 16. Counterparts. This Award Agreement
may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon
the same instrument. You and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that signatures delivered by facsimile or electronic means (including
by pdf) shall be deemed effective for all purposes.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties have duly executed this Award Agreement as of the date first written above.

Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Steven Sugarman
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>exh_991.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
EdgarFiling

Exhibit 99.1

Patriot National Bancorp Announces Over $50 Million Private Placement

Equity recapitalization is expected to result in strong balance sheet and robust capital ratios

President Steven Sugarman entered into long-term employment agreement

CEO David Lowery announces his decision to depart the Company

Patriot Bank remains committed to enhancing its digital payments platform and to empowering the entrepreneurs, business leaders, and investors throughout the tri-state community.

STAMFORD, Conn., March 20, 2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. (the Company) (NASDAQ: PNBK) announced today that it has entered into securities purchase agreements to raise over $50 million in a private placement and agreed to issue shares of common stock and non-voting preferred stock to a diverse group of accredited investors. Net proceeds from the offering will be used to increase the equity capital and strengthen the balance sheet of Patriot National Bancorp and its wholly owned banking subsidiary, Patriot Bank NA.

Steven Sugarman, the President of Patriot National Bancorp, said, I am humbled by the strong investor demand to invest in Patriot Bank and our management team. I am excited to have the opportunity to work with Patriots existing employees and to add additional Directors, Officers, and bankers to our team. The new capital will enable Patriot to meet the bespoke needs of its clients, safely and soundly. The future is bright for Patriot.

Patriot National Bancorp also announced the departure of Chief Executive Officer David Lowery and the execution of a long-term employment agreement with Mr. Sugarman. Mr. Sugarman previously served as the Founder, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Banc of California, Inc., Founder and Chairman of COR Clearing, LLC (which was sold to Axos Bank in 2019), and continues to serve as Founder and CEO of The Change Company CDFI, LLC. Mr. Lowery will remain in his current role through April 15, 2025 or as otherwise determined by Mr. Lowery and Patriot National Bancorp, to ensure a seamless transition.

Michael Carrazza, the Chairman of the Board, said, The completion of the capital raise marks a positive inflection point for Patriot and will enable the bank to pursue the compelling market opportunity that exists. We thank David Lowery for his leadership and his ability to navigate Patriot through this critical period. We appreciate Davids willingness to continue to ensure a seamless transition period and wish him great success in all his future endeavors.

Chief Executive Officer David Lowery added, I am proud to have helped lead the successful recapitalization of Patriot Bank and I thank the Patriot Bank employees for their hard work and support that made this possible.

The private placement was led by Mr. Sugarman and co-led by affiliates of FlyHouse Management, LLC.

Performance Trust Capital Partners, LLC served as strategic advisor to the Company and placement agent for the private placement. Michelman & Robinson LLP served as counsel for the lead investor and Blank Rome LLP, Pryor Cashman LLP, and Robinson & Cole LLP served as counsel for Patriot National Bank.

The securities being offered and sold by the Company in the private placement have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding the Companys plans, objectives, goals, strategies, business plans, future events or performance. Words such as anticipates," believes, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, plans, projects, targets, designed, could, may, should, will or other similar words and expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. Because forward-looking statements relate to future results and occurrences, they are subject to inherent risks, uncertainties, changes in circumstances and other factors that are difficult to predict. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on the Companys current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding its business, plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Many possible events or factors could affect the Companys future financial results and performance and could cause its actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any anticipated results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others: (i) delays in closing the private placement, (ii) the dilution to be caused by the Companys issuance of additional shares of its capital stock in connection with the private placement, (iii) general competitive, economic, political and market conditions, or (iv) other factors that may affect future results of the Company.

Given these factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. All information set forth in this press release is as of the date of this press release. The Company undertakes no duty or obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release, whether as a result of new information, future events or changes in its expectations or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.

Learn more about Patriot National Bancorp, Inc. at www.bankpatriot.com

Media Inquiries:

Kirsten Hoekman 

khoekman@bankpatriot.com 

(203) 252-5905
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>pnbk-20250315_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>pnbk-20250315_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>pnbk-20250315.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 17, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 17, 2025

Entity File Number 000-29599

Entity Registrant Name PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001098146

Entity Tax Identification Number 06-1559137

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code CT

Entity Address, Address Line One 900 Bedford Street

Entity Address, City or Town Stamford

Entity Address, State or Province CT

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 06901

City Area Code (203)

Local Phone Number 252-5900

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol PNBK

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://PNBK.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

f8k_032025.htm 
pnbk-20250315.xsd 
pnbk-20250315_lab.xml 
pnbk-20250315_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001171843-25-001608-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>f8k_032025_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001098146 

2025-03-17 
2025-03-17 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001098146 
8-K 
2025-03-17 
PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP, INC. 
CT 
000-29599 
06-1559137 
900 Bedford Street 
Stamford 
CT 
06901 
(203) 
252-5900 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
PNBK 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>