<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-038769.txt : 20250424
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-038769.hdr.sgml : 20250424
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250424172835
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-038769
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250418
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250424
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250424

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rithm Property Trust Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001614806
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		EIN:				465211780
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36844
		FILM NUMBER:		25869012

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		799 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		FLOOR 8
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 868-5483

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		799 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		FLOOR 8
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Great Ajax Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140724
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm2513156d1_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000161480600016148062025-04-182025-04-180001614806us-gaap:CommonStockMember2025-04-182025-04-180001614806us-gaap:SeriesCPreferredStockMember2025-04-182025-04-18iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT 

TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
April 18, 2025

RITHM PROPERTY TRUST INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Maryland 001-36844 46-5211870

(State
or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

799 Broadway

New York, NY10003

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

212-850-7770

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) 

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) 

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) 

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class 

Trading

Symbol 

Name of each exchange on which

registered

Common stock, par value $0.01 per share RPT New York Stock Exchange

9.875% Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock RPT PRC New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On April
18, 2025, the Board of Directors of Rithm Property Trust Inc. (the Company) adopted the Companys Third Amended and
Restated Bylaws (the Amended Bylaws), effective immediately. The Amended Bylaws deleted certain outdated references and
made certain clarifying changes relating to the designation of the Companys officers.

The foregoing
description of the Amended Bylaws is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended Bylaws filed as Exhibit 3.1
to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are being
filed herewith:

Exhibit No. Description.

3.1 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Rithm Property Trust Inc.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized.

RITHM PROPERTY TRUST INC.

Dated: April 24, 2025 /s/ Mary Doyle

Mary Doyle

Principal Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm2513156d1_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

OF

RITHM PROPERTY TRUST INC.

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

Section 1.PRINCIPAL OFFICE. The principal office of Rithm Property
Trust Inc. (the Corporation) in the State of Maryland shall be located at such place as the Board of Directors (the Board)
may designate.

Section 2.ADDITIONAL OFFICES. The Corporation may have additional
offices, including a principal executive office, at such places as the Board may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation
may require.

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1.PLACE. All meetings of stockholders shall be held at the
principal executive office of the Corporation or at such other place as shall be set by the Board and stated in the notice of the meeting.

Section 2.ANNUAL MEETING. An annual meeting of the stockholders for
the election of directors and the transaction of any business within the powers of the Corporation shall be held on a date and at the
time as shall be set by the Board each year.

Section 3.SPECIAL MEETINGS.

(a)General. The Chairman of the Board, the chief executive
officer, the President or the Board may call a special meeting of the stockholders. A special meeting of stockholders shall be held on
the date and at the time and place set by the Board. Subject to subsection (b) of this Section 3, a special meeting of stockholders shall
also be called by the Secretary of the Corporation upon the written request of the stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority
of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting.

(b)Stockholder Requested Special Meetings. Any stockholder
of record seeking to have stockholders request a special meeting shall, by sending written notice to the Secretary (the Record
Date Request Notice) by registered mail, return receipt requested, request the Board to fix a record date to determine the stockholders
entitled to request a special meeting (the Request Record Date). The Record Date Request Notice shall set forth the purpose
of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at it, shall be signed by one or more stockholders of record as of the date of
signature (or their duly authorized agents), shall bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) and shall set forth
all information relating to each such stockholder that must be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election
contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor
provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Upon receiving the Record Date Request
Notice, the Board may fix a Request Record Date. The Request Record Date shall riot precede and shall not be more than ten days after
the close of business on the date on which the resolution fixing the Request Record Date is adopted by the Board. If the Board, within
ten days after the date on which a valid Record Date Request Notice is received, fails to adopt a resolution fixing the Request Record
Date and make a public announcement of such Request Record Date, the Request Record Date shall be the close of business on the tenth day
after the Record Date Request Notice is received by the Secretary.

(1)In order for any stockholder to request a special meeting, one or more written requests for a special meeting signed by stockholders
of record (or their duly authorized agents) as of the Request Record Date entitled to cast not less than [a majority] (the Special
Meeting Percentage) of all of the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting (the Special Meeting Request) shall be
delivered to the Secretary. In addition, the Special Meeting Request shall set forth the purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed
to be acted on at it (which shall be limited to the matters set forth in the Record Date Request Notice received by the Secretary), shall
bear the date of signature of each such stockholder (or such agent) signing the Special Meeting. Request, shall set forth the name and
address, as they appear in the Corporations books, of each stockholder signing such request (or on whose behalf the Special Meeting
Request is signed) and the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned by each such stockholder,
and the nominee holder for, and number of, shares owned beneficially but not of record, shall be sent to the Secretary by registered mail,
return receipt requested, and shall be received by the Secretary within 60 days after the Request Record Date. Any requesting stockholder
may revoke his, her or its request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary.

(2)The Secretary shall inform the requesting stockholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and mailing the notice of
meeting (including the Corporations proxy materials). The Secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting upon stockholder
request and such meeting shall not be held unless, in addition to the documents required by subsection (b)(2) of this Section 3, the Secretary
receives payment of such reasonably estimated cost prior to the mailing of any notice of the meeting.

(3)In the case of any special meeting called by the Secretary upon the request of stockholders (a Stockholder Requested Meeting),
such meeting shall be held at such place, date and time as may be designated by the Board; provided, however, that the date of any Stockholder
Requested Meeting shall be not more than 90 days after the record date for such meeting (the Meeting Record Date); and provided
further that if the Board fails to designate, within ten days after the date that a valid Special Meeting Request is actually received
by the Secretary (the Delivery Date), a date and time for a Stockholder Requested Meeting, then such meeting shall be held
at 2:00 p.m. local time on the 90th day after the Meeting Record Date or, if such 90th day is not a Business Day (as defined below), on
the first preceding Business Day; and provided further that in the event that the Board fails to designate a place for a Stockholder Requested
Meeting within ten days after the Delivery Date, then such meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation.

- 2 -

(4)If written revocations of requests for the special meeting have been delivered to the Secretary and the result is that stockholders
of record (or their agents duly authorized in writing), as of the Request Record Date, entitled to cast less than the Special Meeting
Percentage have delivered, and not revoked, requests for a special meeting to the Secretary, the Secretary shall: (1) if the notice of
meeting has not already been mailed, refrain from mailing the notice of the meeting and send to all requesting stockholders who have not
revoked such requests written notice of any revocation of a request for the special meeting, or (ii) if the notice of meeting has been
mailed and if the Secretary first sends to all requesting stockholders who have riot revoked requests for a special meeting written notice
of any revocation of a request for the special meeting and written notice of the Secretarys intention to revoke the notice of the
meeting, revoke the notice of the meeting at any time before ten days before the commencement of the meeting. Any request for a special
meeting received after a revocation by the Secretary of a notice of a meeting shall be considered a request for a new special meeting.

(5)The Board, the Chairman of the Board, the chief executive officer or the President may appoint independent inspectors of elections
to act as the agent of the Corporation for the purpose of promptly performing a ministerial review of the validity of any purported Special
Meeting Request received by the Secretary. For the purpose of permitting the inspectors to perform such review, no such purported request
shall be deemed to have been delivered to the Secretary until the earlier of (i) five Business Days after receipt by the Secretary of
such purported request and (ii) such date as the independent inspectors certify to the Corporation that the valid requests received by
the Secretary represent at least the Special Meeting Percentage, Nothing contained in this subsection (6) shall in any way be construed
to suggest or imply that the Corporation or any stockholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any request, whether during
or after such five Business Day period, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense
of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive relief in such litigation).

(6)For purposes of these Bylaws, Business Day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which
banking institutions in New York City are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.

Section 4.NOTICE OF MEETINGS. Written or printed notice of the purpose
or purposes, in the case of a special meeting, and of the time and place of every meeting of the stockholders shall be given by the Secretary
of the Corporation to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting, by either placing the notice in the mail, delivering
it by overnight delivery service or transmitting the notice by electronic mail or any other electronic means not less than ten days, but
not more than 90 days, prior to the date designated for the meeting, addressed to each stockholder at such stockholders address
appearing on the books of the Corporation or supplied by the stockholder to the Corporation for the purpose of notice. The notice of any
meeting of stockholders may be accompanied by a form of proxy approved by the Board in favor of the actions or persons as the Board may
select. Notice of any meeting of stockholders shall be deemed waived by any stockholder who attends the meeting in person or by proxy
or who before or after the meeting submits a signed waiver of notice that is filed with the records of the meeting.

Except as provided in Article
II, Section 11, any business of the Corporation may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders without being specifically designated
in the notice of such meeting, except such business as is required by any statute to be stated in such notice. No business shall be transacted
at a special meeting of stockholders except as specifically designated in the notice of such meeting.

- 3 -

Section 5.ORGANIZATION AND CONDUCT. Every meeting of stockholders
shall be conducted by an individual appointed by the Board to be chairman of the meeting or, in the absence of such appointment, by the
Chairman of the Board, if any, or, in the case of a vacancy in the office or absence of the Chairman of the Board, by one of the following
officers present at the meeting: the Vice Chairman of the Board, if any, the chief executive officer, the President, any Vice President,
the Treasurer or, in the absence of such officers, a chairman chosen by the stockholders by the vote of a majority of the votes cast by
stockholders present in person or by proxy. The Secretary or, in the Secretarys absence. an Assistant Secretary or, in the absence
of both the Secretary and Assistant Secretaries, an individual appointed by the Board or, in the absence of such appointment, an individual
appointed by the chairman of the meeting all shall act as secretary and shall record the minutes of the meeting. The order of business
and other matters of procedure at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined by the chairman of the meeting. The chairman of the
meeting may prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and take such action as, in the discretion of such chairman, are appropriate
for the proper conduct of the meeting, including, without limitation, (a) restricting admission to the time set for the commencement of
the meeting; (b) limiting attendance at the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized proxies or other
such individuals as the chairman of the meeting may determine: (c) limiting participation at the meeting on any matter to stockholders
of record of the Corporation entitled to vote on such matter, their duly authorized proxies or other such individuals as the chairman
of the meeting may determine; (d) limiting the time allotted to questions or comments by participants; (e) maintaining order and security
at the meeting; (f removing any stockholder or any other individual who refuses to comply with meeting procedures, rules or guidelines
as set forth by the chairman of the meeting: and (g) recessing or adjourning the meeting to a later date and time and place announced
at the meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held
in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.

Section 6.QUORUM. At any meeting of stockholders, the presence in
person or by proxy of the holders of shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at
such meeting (without regard to class) shall constitute a quorum, except with respect to any such matter that, under applicable statutes
or regulatory requirements requires approval by a separate vote of one or more classes of stock, in which case the presence in person
or by proxy of the holders of shares entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by each such class on such a matter
shall constitute a quorum.

If, however, such quorum shall
not be present at any meeting of the stockholders, the chairman of the meeting or the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, present
in person or by proxy, shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time to a date not more than 120 days after the original
record date without notice other than announcement at the meeting. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present, any business
may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified,

The stockholders present
either in person or by proxy, at a meeting which has been duly called and convened, may continue to transact business until adjournment,
notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum.

- 4 -

Section 7.VOTING. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of all
the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders, duly called and at which a quorum, as defined in Section 6 of this Article II, is present.
Each share may be voted for as many individuals as there are directors to be elected and for whose election the share is entitled to be
voted. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum, as defined in Section 6 of this Article
II, is present shall be sufficient to approve any other matter which may properly come before the meeting, unless more than a majority
of the votes cast is required by statute or by the charter of the Corporation. Unless otherwise provided in the charter, each outstanding
share, regardless of class, shall be entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders.

Section 8.PROXIES. A stockholder may cast the votes entitled to be
cast by the shares of stock owned of record by the stockholder in person or by proxy executed by the stockholder or by the stockholders
duly authorized agent in any manner permitted by law. Such proxy or evidence of authorization of such proxy shall be filed with the Secretary
of the Corporation before or at the meeting, no proxy shall be valid more than eleven months after its date unless otherwise provided
in the proxy.

Section 9.VOTING OF STOCK BY CERTAIN HOLDERS. Stock of the Corporation
registered in the name of a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity, if entitled to be voted, may be voted by the President or
a Vice President, a general partner or trustee thereof, as the case may be, or a proxy appointed by any of the foregoing individuals,
unless some other person who has been appointed to vote such stock pursuant to a bylaw or a resolution of the governing body of such corporation
or other entity or agreement of the partners of a partnership presents a certified copy of such bylaw, resolution or agreement, in which
case such person may vote such stock. Any director or other fiduciary may vote stock registered in his or her name as such fiduciary,
either in person or by proxy.

Shares of stock of the Corporation
directly or indirectly owned by it shall not be voted at any meeting and shall riot be counted in determining the total number of outstanding
shares entitled to be voted at any given time, unless they are held by it in a fiduciary capacity, in which case they may be voted and
shall be counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given time.

The Board may adopt by resolution
a procedure by which a stockholder may certify in writing to the Corporation that any shares of stock registered in the name of the stockholder
are held for the account of a specified person other than the stockholder. The resolution shall set forth the class of stockholders who
may make the certification, the purpose for which the certification may be made, the form of certification and the information to be contained
in it; if the certification is with respect to a record date or closing of the stock transfer books, the time after the record date or
closing of the stock transfer books within which the certification must be received by the Corporation; and any other provisions with
respect to the procedure which the Board considers necessary or desirable. On receipt of such certification, the person specified in the
certification shall be regarded as, for the purposes set forth in the certification, the stockholder of record of the specified stock
in place of the stockholder who makes the certification.

- 5 -

Section 10.INSPECTORS. The Board, in advance of any meeting, may, but
need not, appoint one or more individual inspectors or one or more entities that designate individuals as inspectors to act at the meeting
or any adjournment thereof. If an inspector or inspectors are not appointed, the person presiding at the meeting may, but need not, appoint
one or more inspectors. In case any person who may be appointed as an inspector fails to appear or act, the vacancy may be filled by appointment
made by the Board in advance of the meeting or at the meeting by the chairman of the meeting. The inspectors, if any, shall determine
the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, as defined
in Section 6 of this Article II, the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes, ballots or consents, hear and determine
all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, and determine
the result, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. Each report by the inspectors,
if any, shall be in writing and signed by him or her or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such meeting.
If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. The report of the inspector or inspectors
on the number of shares represented at the meeting and the results of the voting shall be prima facie evidence thereof.

Section 11.ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER NOMINEES FOR DIRECTOR AND OTHER STOCKHOLDER
PROPOSALS.

(a)Annual Meetings of Stockholders. (1) Nominations of individuals
for election to the Board and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of
stockholders (1) pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board or (iii) by any stockholder
of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 11(a) and at the
time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with this Section 11(a).

(1)For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (iii) of
subsection (a)(1) of this Section 11, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation
and such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for action by the stockholders. To be timely, a stockholders notice shall
set forth all information required under this Section 11 and shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office of
the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the
first anniversary of the date of mailing of the notice for the preceding years annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event
that the date of the mailing of the notice for the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary
of the date of mailing of the notice for the preceding years annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so
delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the date of mailing of the notice for such annual meeting and
not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to the date of mailing of the notice for such annual meeting or
the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of mailing of the notice for such meeting is first made. In no
event shall the public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting commence a new time period for the giving of
a stockholders notice as described above. Such stockholders notice shall set forth (I) as to each individual whom the stockholder
proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director, (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of such individual,
(B) the class, series and number of any shares of stock of the Corporation that are beneficially owned by such individual and the date
such shares were acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition, and (C) all other information relating to such individual that
is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest
is not involved), or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act
and the rules thereunder (including such individuals written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to
serving as a director if elected); (ii) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a description
of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for proposing such business at the meeting and any material interest
in such business of such stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), individually or in the aggregate, including
any anticipated benefit to the stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person therefrom; (iii) as to the stockholder giving the notice
and any Stockholder Associated Person, the class, series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially
by such stockholder and by such Stockholder Associated Person, if any, (iv) as to the stockholder giving the notice and any Stockholder
Associated Person covered by clauses (ii) or (iii) of this Section 11(a)(2), the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear
on the Corporations stock ledger and current name and address, if different, and of such Stockholder Associated Person and (v)
to the extent known by the stockholder giving the notice, the name and address of any other stockholder supporting the nominee for election
or reelection as a director or the proposal of other business on the date of such stockholders notice.

- 6 -

(2)Notwithstanding anything in this Section 11(a) to the contrary, in the event the Board increases or decreases the number of directors
in accordance with Article III, Section 2 of these Bylaws, and there is no public announcement of such action at least 100 days prior
to the first anniversary of the date of mailing of the notice for the preceding years annual meeting, a stockholders notice
required by this Section 11(a) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such
increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than the close of business
on the tenth day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation.

(3)For purposes of this Section 11, Stockholder Associated Person- of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person controlling,
directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such stockholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned
of record or beneficially by such stockholder and (iii) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Stockholder
Associated Person.

(b)Special Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business shall
be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporations notice
of meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are
to be elected (i) pursuant to the Corporations notice of meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board or (iii) provided that
the Board has determined that directors shall be elected at such special meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder
of record both at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 11 and at the time of the special meeting, who is entitled
to vote at the meeting and who complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 11. In the event the Corporation calls a
special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more individuals to the Board, any such stockholder may nominate an
individual or individuals (as the case may be) for election as a director as specified in the Corporations notice of meeting, if
the stockholders notice required by subsection (a)(2) of this Section 11 shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive
office of the Corporation not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the
close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement
is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting. In no event
shall the public announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholders
notice as described above.

- 7 -

(c)General. (1) upon written request by the Secretary or the
Board or any committee thereof, any stockholder proposing a nominee for election as a director or any proposal for other business at a
meeting of stockholders shall provide, within five Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified
in such request), written verification, satisfactory, in the discretion of the Board or any committee thereof or any authorized officer
of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 11. If a stockholder
fails to provide such written verification within such period, the information as to which written verification was requested may be deemed
riot to have been provided in accordance with this Section 11.

(1)Only such individuals who are nominated in accordance with this Section 11 shall be eligible for election as directors, and only
such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section
11. The chairman of the meeting shall have the power to determine whether a nomination or any other business proposed to be brought before
the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with this Section 11.

(2)For purposes of this Section 11, (a) the date of mailing of the notice shall mean the date of the proxy statement
for the solicitation of proxies for election of directors and (b) public announcement shall mean disclosure (i) in a press
release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable news service or (ii) in a document publicly filed by the
Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Exchange Act.

(3)Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of
state law and of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 11. Nothing
in this Section 11 shall be deemed to affect any right of a stockholder to request inclusion of a proposal in, nor the right of the Corporation
to omit a proposal from, the Corporations proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange
Act.

- 8 -

Section 12.VOTING BY BALLOT. Voting on any question or in any election
may be viva voce unless the presiding officer shall order or any stockholder shall demand that voting be by ballot.

Section 13.CONTROL SHARE ACQUISITION ACT. Notwithstanding any other
provision of the charter of the Corporation or these Bylaws, Title 3, Subtitle 7 of the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL),
or any successor statute, shall not apply to any acquisition by any person of shares of stock of the Corporation. This section may be
repealed, in whole or in part, at any time, whether before or after an acquisition of control shares and, upon such repeal, may, to the
extent provided by any successor bylaw, apply to any prior or subsequent control share acquisition.

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

Section 1.GENERAL POWERS. The business and affairs of the Corporation
shall be managed under the direction of its Board.

Section 2.NUMBER, TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS. The Board shall consist
of five members until that number is changed by the Board. At any regular meeting or at any special meeting called for that purpose, a
majority of the entire Board may establish, increase or decrease the number of directors, provided that the number thereof shall never
be less than the minimum number required by the MGCL, nor more than 15, and further provided that the tenure of office of a director shall
not be affected by any decrease in the number of directors. Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering his or
her resignation to the Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Secretary. Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt
or at such later time specified in the resignation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless
otherwise stated in such resignation. Upon election and qualification, each director shall hold office for a term expiring at the annual
meeting of stockholders held in the year following the year of his or her election and until his or her successor is duly elected and
qualifies.

Section 3.ANNUAL AND REGULAR MEETINGS. An annual meeting of the Board
shall be held immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of stockholders, no notice other than this Bylaw being necessary.
In the event such meeting is not so held, the meeting may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter
provided for special meetings of the Board. Regular meetings of the Board shall be held from time to time at such places and times as
provided by the Board by resolution, without notice other than such resolution,

Section 4.SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of the Board may be called
by or at the request of the chairman of the Board, the chief executive officer, the President or by a majority of the directors then in
office. The person or persons authorized to call special meetings of the Board may fix any place as the place for holding any special
meeting of the Board called by them. The Board may provide, by resolution, the time and place for the holding of special meetings
of the Board without notice other than such resolution.

- 9 -

Section 5.NOTICE. Notice of any special meeting of the Board shall
be delivered personally or by telephone; electronic mail, facsimile transmission, United States mail or courier to each director at his
or her business or residence address. Notice by personal delivery, telephone, electronic mail or facsimile transmission shall be given
at least 24 hours prior to the meeting. Notice by United States mail shall be given at least five days prior to the meeting. Notice by
telephone shall be deemed to be given when the director is personally given such notice in a telephone call to which the director is a
party. Notice by courier shall be given at least two days prior to the meeting. Electronic mail notice shall be deemed to be given upon
transmission of the message to the electronic mail address given to the Corporation by the director. Facsimile transmission notice shall
be deemed to be given upon completion of the transmission of the message to the number given to the Corporation by the director and receipt
of a completed answer-back indicating receipt. Notice by United States mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States
mail properly addressed, with postage thereon prepaid. Notice by courier shall be deemed to be given when deposited with or delivered
to a courier properly addressed. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual, regular or special meeting
of the Board need be stated in the notice, unless specifically required by statute or these Bylaws.

Section 6.QUORUM. A majority of the directors shall constitute a quorum
for transaction of business at any meeting of the Board, provided that, if less than a majority of such directors are present at said
meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice, and provided further that
if, pursuant to the charter of the Corporation or these Bylaws, the vote of a majority of a particular group of directors is required
for action, a quorum must also include a majority of such group.

The directors present at a
meeting which has been duly called and convened may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of
enough directors to leave less than a quorum.

Section 7.VOTING. The action of the majority of the directors present
at a meeting at which a quorum, as defined in Section 6 of this Article III, is present shall be the action of the Board, unless the concurrence
of a greater proportion is required for such action by applicable statute or the charter. If enough directors have withdrawn from a meeting
to leave less than a quorum, as defined in Section 6 of this Article III, but the meeting is not adjourned, the action of the majority
of the directors still present at such meeting shall be the action of the Board, unless the concurrence of a greater proportion is required
for such action by applicable statute or the charter.

Section 8.ORGANIZATION. At each meeting of the Board, the Chairman of the
Board or, in the absence of the Chairman, the Vice Chairman of the Board, if any, shall act as Chairman, In the absence of both the Chairman
and Vice Chairman of the Board, the chief executive officer or in the absence of the chief executive officer, the President or in the
absence of the President, a director chosen by a majority of the directors present, shall act as chairman. The Secretary or, in his or
her absence, an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, or in the absence of the Secretary and all Assistant Secretaries, a person appointed
by the Chairman, shall act as secretary of the meeting.

- 10 -

Section 9.TELEPHONE MEETINGS. Directors may participate in a meeting
by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment if all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other
at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

Section 10.WRITTEN CONSENT BY DIRECTORS. Any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the Board may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing to such action is signed by each director
and such written consent is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board.

Section 11.VACANCIES. If for any reason any or all the directors cease
to be directors, such event shall not terminate the Corporation or affect these Bylaws or the powers of the remaining directors hereunder,
if any. Until such time as the Corporation becomes subject to Section 3-804(c) of the MGCL, any vacancy on the Board for any cause other
than an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, even if such majority is less than
a quorum; any vacancy in the number of directors created by an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority vote of
the entire Board; and any individual so elected as director shall serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or
her successor is elected and qualifies. At such time as the Corporation becomes subject to Section 3-804(c) of the MGCL and except at
a Special Election Meeting (as defined in Article XII of these Bylaws) or except as may be provided by the Board in setting the terms
of any class or series of preferred stock, any vacancy on the Board may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors, even
if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the
full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies.

Section 12.COMPENSATION. Directors shall not receive any stated salary
for their services as directors but, by resolution of the Board, may receive compensation per year and per meeting and per visit to real
property or other facilities owned or leased by the Corporation and for any service or activity they performed or engaged in as directors.
Directors may be reimbursed for expenses of attendance, if any, at each annual, regular or special meeting of the Board or of any committee
thereof and for their expenses, if any, in connection with each property visit and any other service or activity they performed or engaged
in as directors; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any directors from serving the Corporation in any other capacity
and receiving compensation therefor.

Section 13.LOSS OF DEPOSITS. No director shall be liable for any loss
which may occur by reason of the failure of the bank, trust company, savings and loan association, or other institution with whom moneys
or stock have been deposited.

Section 14.SURETY BONDS. Unless required by law, no director shall
be obligated to give any bond or surety or other security for the performance of any of his or her duties.

- 11 -

Section 15.RELIANCE. Each director, officer, employee and agent of
the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties with respect to the Corporation, be fully justified and protected with
regard to any act or failure to act in reliance in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Corporation, upon an opinion
of counsel or upon reports made to the Corporation by any of its officers or employees, accountants, appraisers or other experts or consultants
selected by the Board or officers of the Corporation, regardless of whether such counsel or expert may also be a director.

Section 16.RATIFICATION. The Board or the stockholders may ratify and
make binding on the Corporation any action or inaction by the corporation or its executive officers to the extent the Board or the stockholders
could have originally authorized the matter. Moreover, any action or inaction questioned in any stockholders derivative proceeding
or any other proceeding on the ground of lack of authority, defective or irregular execution, adverse interest of a director, officer
or stockholder, non-disclosure, miscomputation, the application of improper principles or practices of accounting or otherwise, may be
ratified, before or after judgment, by the Board or by the stockholders, and if so ratified, shall have the same force and effect as if
the questioned action or inaction had been originally duly authorized, and such ratification shall be binding upon the Corporation and
its stockholders and shall constitute a bar to any claim or execution of any judgment in respect of such questioned action or inaction.

Section 17.CERTAIN RIGHTS OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. A director who
is not also an officer of the Corporation shall have no responsibility to devote his or her full time to the affairs of the Corporation.
Any director or officer, in his or her personal capacity or in a capacity as an affiliate, employee, or agent of any other person, or
otherwise, may have business interests and engage in business activities similar to, in addition to or in competition with those of or
relating to the Corporation, provided that such director or officer complies with the applicable terms of the then-existing conflicts
of interest policy of the Corporation.

ARTICLE IV

COMMITTEES

Section 1.NUMBER TENURE AND QUALIFICATIONS. The Board may appoint
from among its members an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and other committees,
composed of one or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of the Board.

Section 2.POWERS. The Board may delegate to committees appointed under
Section 1 of this Article any of the powers of the Board, except as prohibited by law,

Section 3.MEETINGS. Notice of committee meetings shall be given in
the same manner as notice for special meetings of the Board. A majority of the members of the committee shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business at any meeting of the committee. The act of a majority of the committee members present at a meeting shall
be the act of such committee. The Board may designate a chairman of any committee, and such chairman or, in the absence of a chairman,
any two members of any committee (if there are at least two members of the Committee) may fix the time and place of its meeting unless
the Board shall otherwise provide. In the absence of any member of any such committee, the members thereof present at any meeting, whether
or not they constitute a quorum, may appoint another director to act in the place of such absent member. Each committee shall keep minutes
of its proceedings.

- 12 -

Section 4.TELEPHONE MEETINGS. Members of a committee of the Board
may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment if all persons participating in the
meeting can hear each other at the same time. Participation in a meeting by these means shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

Section 5.WRITTEN CONSENT BY COMMITTEES. Any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of a committee of the Board may be taken without a meeting, if a consent in writing to such action is signed
by each member of the committee and such written consent is filed with the minutes of proceedings of such committee.

Section 6.VACANCIES. Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board shall
have the power at any time to change the membership of any committee, to fill all vacancies, to designate alternate members to replace
any absent or disqualified member or to dissolve any such committee. Subject to the power of the Board, the members of the committee shall
have the power to fill any vacancies on the committee.

ARTICLE V

OFFICERS

Section 1.GENERAL PROVISIONS. The officers of the Corporation shall
include a President, a Secretary and a Treasurer and may include a Chairman of the Board, a Vice Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive
Officer, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer or Principal Financial Officer, one or more Vice Presidents, one or more
Assistant Secretaries and one or more Assistant Treasurers. In addition, the Board may from time to time elect such other officers with
such powers and duties as it shall deem necessary or desirable, The officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board,
except that the chief executive officer or President may from time to time appoint one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries,
Assistant Treasurers or other officers. Each officer shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualifies or until death,
resignation or removal in the manner hereinafter provided.

Any two or more offices except
President and Vice President may be held by the same person. Election of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights
between the Corporation and such officer or agent.

Section 2.REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION. Any officer or agent of the Corporation
may be removed, with or without cause, by the Board if in its judgment the best interests of the Corporation would be served thereby,
but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. Any officer of the Corporation may
resign at any time by giving written notice of his or her resignation to the Board, the chairman of the Board, the President or the Secretary.
Any resignation shall take effect immediately upon its receipt or at such later time specified in the notice of resignation, The acceptance
of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective unless otherwise stated in the resignation. Such resignation shall be without
prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the Corporation.

- 13 -

Section 3.VACANCIES. A vacancy in any office may be filled by the
Board for the balance of the term.

Section 4.CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD. The Board may1
designate a Chairman of the Board, who shall not, solely by reason of these Bylaws, be an officer of the Corporation. The Board may designate
the Chairman of the Board as an executive or non-executive chairman. The Chairman of the Board shall preside over the meetings of the
Board. The Chairman of the Board shall perform such other duties as mar be assigned to him or her by these Bylaws or the Board.

Section 5.CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER. The Board may designate a Chief
Executive Officer. In the absence of such designation, the President shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation, and in the
absence of the designation of a President by the Board, the individual designated as the Chief Executive Officer shall also serve as and
have the responsibilities of the President. The chief executive officer shall have general responsibility for implementation of the policies
of the Corporation, as determined by the Board, and for the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation.

Section 6.PRESIDENT. The President shall have the responsibilities
and duties as set forth by the Board or the chief executive officer. In the absence of a designation of a Chief Executive Officer by the
Board, the President shall be the chief executive officer. He or she may execute any deed, mortgage, bond, contract or other instrument,
except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board or by these Bylaws to some other officer or agent
of the Corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed; and in general shall perform all duties incident to the office
of President and such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board from time to time.

Section 7.CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER. The Board may designate a Chief
Operating Officer, The Chief Operating Officer shall have the responsibilities and duties as set forth by the Board or the Chief Executive
Officer,

Section 8.CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. The Board may designate a Chief
Financial Officer or Principal Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer or Principal Financial Officer shall have the responsibilities
and duties as set forth by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. In the absence of the designation of a Treasurer by the Board, the
individual designated as Chief Financial Officer or Principal Financial Officer shall also serve as and have the responsibilities of the
Treasurer.

Section 9.VICE PRESIDENTS. In the absence of the President or in the
event of a vacancy in such office, the Vice President (or in the event there be more than one Vice President. the Vice Presidents in the
order designated at the time of their election or, in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform
the duties of the President and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President;
and shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to such Vice President by the President or by the Board. The
Board may designate one or more Vice Presidents for particular areas of responsibility.

1
See footnote 2.

- 14 -

Section 10.SECRETARY. The Secretary shall: (a) keep the minutes of
the proceedings of the stockholders, the Board and committees of the Board in one or more books provided for that purpose; (b) see that
all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws or as required by law; (c) be custodian of the corporate
records and of the seal of the Corporation; (d) keep a register of the post office address of each stockholder which shall be furnished
to the Secretary by such stockholder; (e) have general charge of the stock transfer books of the Corporation; and (f) in general perform
such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer, the President or by the Board.

Section 11.TREASURER. The Treasurer shall be responsible for: (1) the
custody of the funds and securities of the Corporation; (2) the keeping of full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in
books belonging to the Corporation: and (3) the depositing of all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the
Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board. In the absence of a designation of a Chief Financial Officer or Principal
Financial Officer by the Board, the Treasurer shall be the Chief Financial Officer or Principal Financial Officer of the Corporation.

The Treasurer shall disburse
the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the President
and Board, at the regular meetings of the Board or whenever it may so require, an account of all his or her transactions as Treasurer
and of the financial condition of the Corporation.

Section 12.ASSISTANT SECRETARIES AND ASSISTANT TREASURERS. The Assistant
Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers, in general, shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them by the Secretary or Treasurer,
respectively, or by the President or the Board.

ARTICLE VI

CONTRACTS, LOANS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS

Section 1.CONTRACTS. The Board may authorize any officer or agent
to enter into any contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation and such authority
may be general or confined to specific instances. Any agreement, deed. mortgage, lease or other document shall be valid and binding upon
the Corporation when authorized or ratified by action of the Board and executed by an authorized person.

Section 2.CHECKS AND DRAFTS. All checks, drafts or other orders for
the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or
agent of the Corporation in such manner as shall from time to time be determined by the Board.

Section 3.DEPOSITS. All funds of the Corporation riot otherwise employed
shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board
may designate.

- 15 -

ARTICLE VII

STOCK

Section 1.CERTIFICATES; REQUIRED INFORMATION. In the event that the
Corporation issues shares of stock represented by certificates, such certificates shall be signed by the officers of the Corporation in
the manner permitted by the MGCL and contain the statements and information required by the MGCL.

Section 2.TRANSFERS WHEN CERTIFICATES ISSUED. Upon surrender to the
Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a stock certificate duty endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession,
assignment or authority to transfer, the Corporation shall issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate
and record the transaction upon its books.

The Corporation shall be entitled
to treat the holder of record of any share of stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any
equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other
notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of the State of Maryland.

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
transfers of shares of any class of stock will be subject in all respects to the charter of the Corporation and all of the terms and conditions
contained therein.

Section 3.REPLACEMENT CERTIFICATE. The President, the Secretary, the
Treasurer or any officer designated by the Board may direct a new certificate to be issued in place of any certificate previously issued
by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming
the certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing the issuance of a new certificate, an officer designated by the Board
may, in his or her discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed
certificate or the owners legal representative to give bond, with sufficient surety, to the Corporation to indemnify it against
any loss or claim which may arise as a result of the issuance of a new certificate.

Section 4.CLOSING OF TRANSFER BOOKS OR FIXING OF RECORD DATE. The
Board may set, in advance, a record date for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of
stockholders or determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any other rights, or in order
to make a determination of stockholders for any other proper purpose. Such date, in any case, shall riot be prior to the close of business
on the day the record date is fixed and shall be riot more than 90 days and, in the case of a meeting of stockholders, not less than ten
days, before the date on which the meeting or particular action requiring such determination of stockholders of record is to be held or
taken.

When a determination of stockholders
entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders has been made as provided in this section, such determination shall apply to any adjournment
thereof, except when (i) the determination has been made through the closing of the transfer books and the stated period of closing has
expired or (ii) the meeting is adjourned to a date more than 120 clays after the record date fixed for the original meeting, in either
of which case a new record date shall be determined as set forth herein.

- 16 -

Section 5.STOCK LEDGER. The Corporation shall maintain at its principal
office or at the office of its counsel, accountants or transfer agent, an original or duplicate share ledger containing the name and address
of each stockholder and the number of shares of each class held by such stockholder.

Section 6.FRACTIONAL STOCK; ISSUANCE OF UNITS. The Board may issue
fractional stock or provide for the issuance of scrip, all on such terms and under such conditions as they may determine. Notwithstanding
any other provision of the charter or these Bylaws. the Board may issue units consisting of different securities of the Corporation, Any
security issued in a unit shall have the same characteristics as any identical securities issued by the Corporation, except that the Board
may provide that for a specified period securities of the Corporation issued in such unit may be transferred on the books of the Corporation
only in such unit.

ARTICLE VIII

ACCOUNTING YEAR

The Board shall have the power,
from time to time, to fix the fiscal year of the Corporation by a duly adopted resolution.

ARTICLE IX

DISTRIBUTIONS

Section 1.AUTHORIZATION. Dividends and other distributions upon the
stock of the Corporation may be authorized by the Board, subject to the provisions of law and the charter of the Corporation. Dividends
and other distributions may be paid in cash, property or stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of law and the charter.

Section 2.CONTINGENCIES. Before payment of any dividends or other
distributions, there may be set aside out of any assets of the Corporation available for dividends or other distributions such sum or
sums as the Board may from time to time, in its absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve fund for contingencies, for equalizing
dividends or other distributions, for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation or for such other purpose as the Board
shall determine to be in the best interest of the Corporation, and the Board may modify or abolish any such reserve.

ARTICLE X

SEAL

Section 1.SEAL. The Board may authorize the adoption of a seal by
the Corporation. The seal shall contain the name of the Corporation and the year of its incorporation and the words Incorporated
in Maryland.- The Board may authorize one or more duplicate seals and provide for the custody thereof.

- 17 -

Section 2.AFFIXING SEAL. Whenever the Corporation is permitted
or required to affix its seal to a document, it shall be sufficient to meet the requirements of any law, rule or regulation relating to
a seal to place the word (SEAL) adjacent to the signature of the person authorized to execute the document on behalf of
the Corporation.

ARTICLE XI

INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCE OF EXPENSES

Section 1.INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE CORPORATION.
To the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, as in effect from time to time, the Corporation shall indemnify and, without requiring
a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, shall pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final
disposition of a proceeding to (a) any individual who is a present or former director or former officer of the Corporation and who is
made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity or (b) any individual who, while a director of the Corporation
and at the request of the Corporation, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner or trustee of another corporation, real estate
investment trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made a party to the proceeding
by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The Corporation may, with the approval of its Board, provide such indemnification and
advance for expenses to a person who served a predecessor of the Corporation in any of the capacities described in (a) or (b) above and
to any employee or agent of the Corporation.

Section 2.GENERAL. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Article,
nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Bylaws or charter of the Corporation inconsistent with this Article, shall
apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding paragraph with respect to any act or failure to act which occurred
prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption.

ARTICLE XII

WAIVER OF NOTICE

Whenever any notice of a meeting
is required to be given pursuant to the charter of the Corporation or these Bylaws or pursuant to applicable law, a waiver thereof in
writing or by electronic transmission, given by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated
therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transaction at nor the purpose of any meeting
need by set forth in the waiver of notice of such meeting, unless specifically required by statute. The attendance of any person at any
meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting
to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting has not been lawfully called or convened.

- 18 -

ARTICLE XIII

[INTENTIONALLY DELETED]

ARTICLE XIV

EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LITIGATION

Unless the Corporation consents
in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction,
the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director
or officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or to the stockholders of the Corporation, (C) any action asserting
a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the
MGCL or the charter or these Bylaws or (d) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any director or officer or other employee
of the Corporation that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine,

ARTICLE XV

AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS

Except as provided in the
next-following sentence, the Board shall have the exclusive power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of these Bylaws and to make
new Bylaws.

- 19 -
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>rpt-20250418.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>rpt-20250418_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>rpt-20250418_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock [Member] 

Series C Preferred Stock [Member] 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>rpt-20250418_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Apr. 18, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Apr. 18, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-36844

Entity Registrant Name RITHM PROPERTY TRUST INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001614806

Entity Tax Identification Number 46-5211870

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code MD

Entity Address, Address Line One 799 Broadway

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10003

City Area Code 212

Local Phone Number 850-7770

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.01 per share

Trading Symbol RPT

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Series C Preferred Stock [Member] 

Title of 12(b) Security 9.875% Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock

Trading Symbol RPT PRC

Security Exchange Name NYSE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
23 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://rithmpropertytrust.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

rpt-20250418.xsd 
rpt-20250418_def.xml 
rpt-20250418_lab.xml 
rpt-20250418_pre.xml 
tm2513156d1_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-038769-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>tm2513156d1_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001614806 

2025-04-18 
2025-04-18 

0001614806 

us-gaap:CommonStockMember 

2025-04-18 
2025-04-18 

0001614806 

us-gaap:SeriesCPreferredStockMember 

2025-04-18 
2025-04-18 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001614806 
8-K 
2025-04-18 
RITHM PROPERTY TRUST INC. 
MD 
001-36844 
46-5211870 
799 Broadway 
New York 
NY 
10003 
212 
850-7770 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.01 per share 
RPT 
NYSE 
9.875% Series C Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
RPT PRC 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>