<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001185185-25-000159.txt : 20250226
<SEC-HEADER>0001185185-25-000159.hdr.sgml : 20250226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250226161740
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001185185-25-000159
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241209
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HOOKER FURNISHINGS Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001077688
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE [2510]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				540251350
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25349
		FILM NUMBER:		25670317

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		440 E COMMONWEALTH BLVD
		STREET 2:		POB 4708
		CITY:			MARTINSVILLE
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24115
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2766322133

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		440 E COMMONWEALTH BLVD
		STREET 2:		POB 4708
		CITY:			MARTINSVILLE
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			24115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HOOKER FURNITURE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990128
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K/A
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>hoft8ka120924.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K/A
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

trueAmendment No. 1 to Form 8-K000107768800010776882024-12-092024-12-09iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K/A

CURRENT
REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 9, 2024

HOOKER FURNISHINGS CORPORATION

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Virginia 000-25349 54-0251350

(State
or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission
File No.) (I.R.S.
Employer

Identification No.)

440 East Commonwealth Boulevard, Martinsville, Virginia 24112 (276)632-2133

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code) (Registrants
telephone number, including area code)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol(s) Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, no par value HOFT NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405)
or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2). Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of
Certain Officers.

On
February 20, 2025, upon the recommendation of the Compensation Committee (the Committee), the Board of Directors of Hooker
Furnishings Corporation (the Company) approved new employment agreements for the Companys Chief Executive Officer,
Jeremy R. Hoff, the Companys Chief Financial Officer, C. Earl Armstrong III, and the Companys Chief Administrative Officer
and President Domestic Upholstery, Anne J. Smith. The employment agreements, which were executed on February 20, 2025, for Messrs.
Hoff and Armstrong and Ms. Smith contain a description of expected duties, base salary, benefits, short-term and long-term incentives,
and severance in the event of termination without cause or for good reason or in the event of termination without cause or for good reason
within one year of a qualifying change in control. The employment agreements also contain restrictive covenants which specify confidentiality,
non-solicitation, non-competition, and non-disparagement during and after employment with the Company.

The
new agreements for Messrs. Hoff and Armstrong and Ms. Smith, which are included as exhibits to this Form 8-K and hereby incorporated
by reference into this Item, encompass the entire understanding between the parties and supersede all prior agreements.

On
February 20, 2025, the Committee also approved annual base salaries, annual cash incentives and long-term incentives for the Companys
executive officers. This amended Current Report on Form 8-K/A amends the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December
10, 2024 which initially reported Mr. Armstrongs promotion to Chief Financial Officer. His compensation for such role was not
set until February 20, 2025.

Annual
Base Salary

The
base salary for each executive officer for 2025 will be:

Base Salary 

Jeremy R. Hoff, CEO and Director $ 680,000 

C. Earl Armstrong III, CFO and Senior VP Finance and Accounting 375,000 

Anne J. Smith, CAO and President Domestic Upholstery 375,000 

Annual
Cash Incentives

The
annual cash incentive for each executive officer for the Companys 2026 fiscal year, which ends February 1, 2026, will be paid
if the Company attains certain revenue (30% weight) and operating income (70% weight) targets for fiscal 2026, as approved by the Board
of Directors. No cash bonus is payable if the Company fails to reach the threshold performance goal range and the cash bonus is capped
at 2x target payment if the Company reaches or exceeds the maximum performance goal range. There will be full interpolation for performance
between the three discrete performance levels.

The
annual cash incentive potential for each of the executive officers is as follows:

If the Company Attains: 

Threshold Target Maximum 

Jeremy R. Hoff $ 204,000 $ 680,000 $ 1,360,000 

C. Earl Armstrong III 67,500 225,000 450,000 

Anne J. Smith 67,500 225,000 450,000 

Time-Based
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs). Each time-based RSU grant vests ratably by entitling the executive officer to receive one third of
the grant if he or she remains continuously employed with the Company through the end of each service period that ends February 20, 2026,
February 20, 2027, and February 20, 2028, respectively. At the discretion of the Committee, the RSUs may be paid in shares of the Companys
common stock, cash (based on the fair market value of a share of the Companys common stock on the date payment is made), or both.
In addition to the service-based vesting requirement, 100% of an executive officers RSUs will vest upon a change of control of
the Company and a prorated number of the RSUs will vest upon the death, disability or retirement of the executive officer. Dividends
declared on unvested RSUs awards accumulate in cash and are paid out only upon vesting of the underlying shares.

The
number of RSUs awarded to each executive officer is set forth in the table below.

Executive Officer Number of RSUs 

Jeremy R. Hoff 40,383 

C. Earl Armstrong III 11,494 

Anne J. Smith 8,621 

1

Performance-based
Restricted Stock Units (PSUs) Each performance-based RSU entitles the executive officer to receive
one share of the Companys common stock based on the achievement of specified performance conditions (described below) if the executive
officer remains continuously employed by the Company through the end of the three-year performance period. The PSUs shall vest subject
to the Companys attainment of pre-established performance goals of: (1) the Companys absolute EPS compound annual growth
rate (EPS CAGR) and (2) relative Total Shareholder Return as measured against the Companys compensation peer group,
both over a three-year performance period that began February 3, 2025 and ends January 30, 2028, as approved by the Committee. Total
Shareholder Return shall be measured by the average price for the twenty trading days prior to the start of the performance period
versus the average price for the last twenty trading days of the performance period. The payout or settlement of the PSUs shall be made
in shares of the Companys common stock (based on the fair market value of the shares of the Companys common stock on the
date of settlement or payment). Dividends declared on unvested PSU awards accumulate in cash and are paid out only upon vesting of the
underlying shares.

The
settlement or payment for each executive officer under his or her PSU will be the sum of the following share amounts:

a. An
amount set forth in the table below based on the compound annual growth of the Companys
fully diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (EPS) over the
performance period. The Companys EPS CAGR must be at least 5% over the performance
period for a payment to be made. There will be full interpolation for performance between
the three discrete performance levels.

Executive Officer Threshold (5%) Target (10%) Maximum (25%) 

Jeremy R. Hoff 6,057 20,192 40,383 

C. Earl Armstrong III 1,724 5,747 11,494 

Anne J. Smith 1,293 4,311 8,621 

b. An
amount set forth in the table below based on the Companys growth of Total Shareholder
Return over the performance period relative to a group of specified peer companies. Payout
capped at target if the Companys Total Shareholder Return for the performance period
is negative. There will be full interpolation for performance between the three discrete
performance levels.

Executive Officer Threshold (25%) Target (50%) Maximum (75%) 

Jeremy R. Hoff 6,057 20,192 40,383 

C. Earl Armstrong III 1,724 5,747 11,494 

Anne J. Smith 1,293 4,311 8,621 

Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

10.1 Employment Agreement dated February 20, 2025, by and Between Hooker Furnishings Corporation and Jeremy R. Hoff.

10.2 Employment Agreement dated February 20, 2025, by and Between Hooker Furnishings Corporation and C. Earl Armstrong III.

10.3 Employment Agreement dated February 20, 2025, by and Between Hooker Furnishings Corporation and Anne J. Smith.

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

2

Signature

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

HOOKER
FURNISHINGS CORPORATION

By: /s/
C. Earl Armstrong III

C.
Earl Armstrong III

Chief
Financial Officer and

Senior
Vice-President Finance and Accounting

Date:
February 26, 2025

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>hoftex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (Agreement)
is made and entered into this 20th day of February 
, 2025, by and between Hooker Furnishings Corporation (Employer) and Jeremy R. Hoff (Executive) (each
a Party and collectively, the Parties).

WHEREAS, Executive is the Chief
Executive Officer of the Employer; and

WHEREAS, Employer and Executive
previously entered into an employment agreement dated July 13, 2022 (2022 Agreement); and

WHEREAS, Employer desires to secure
Executives continued service and expertise in connection with Employers business pursuant to a new employment agreement
beginning February 3, 2025 (the Effective Date), which shall supersede and replace the 2022 Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Parties agree that
a covenant not to compete is essential to the growth and stability of the business of Employer and to the continuing success of such business
whenever the employment to which this Agreement relates is terminated;

1. Employment. Upon the Effective Date, Employer shall continue to employ and Executive agrees to
continue to be employed as Employers Chief Executive Officer. Executive will devote Executives full working time and best
efforts to the diligent and faithful performance of such duties as may be entrusted to Executive from time to time by Employer and shall
observe and abide by the corporate policies and decisions of Employer in all business matters.

2. Term. Executives employment shall continue under this Agreement for an indefinite period
of time beginning on the Effective Date of this Agreement and continuing until termination in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

3. Compensation. Employer shall pay and Executive shall accept as full consideration for the services
to be rendered hereunder compensation consisting of the items listed below. Employer shall have no obligation to pay any such compensation
for any period after the termination of Executives employment, except as otherwise expressly provided.

a. Salary, paid pursuant to Employers normal payroll practices, at an annual rate of Six Hundred Eighty
Thousand Dollars ($680,000) per year or such other rate as may be established prospectively from time to time by the Compensation Committee
of the Employers Board of Directors (Compensation Committee). All such payments shall be subject to deduction and
withholding authorized or required by applicable law. Executive is a salaried, exempt employee.

b. A Short-Term Incentive (STI) payment with respect to each fiscal year of the Employer (the
Performance Year) during the term of this Agreement. The STI shall be computed as a percentage of Executives salary
actually paid with respect to the Performance Year, which percentage shall be targeted at one hundred percent (100%) and shall be subject
to the performance criteria outlined in Employers STI Plan. The terms and conditions of the STI payment, including the applicable
performance criteria for a Performance Year, and the determination of the amount of the STI payable to the Executive for a Performance
Year (if any) shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee. The STI payment with respect to a Performance
Year will be paid during the period that begins on the first day immediately following the last day of the Performance Year and ends on
April 15 of the calendar year in which the Performance Year ends.

c. Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) Employer agrees to offer Executive participation
in the Employers LTIP which shall be evaluated according to the Employers stated LTIP criteria. The target award for Executive
shall be one hundred fifty-five percent (155%) of the goal for each LTIP plan year.

d. Executive shall receive such other benefits, payments, or items of compensation as are provided under
the employee benefit plans of Employer, or as are made available from time to time under compensation policies set by Employer for management
employees of Employer having similar salary and level of responsibility; including, but not limited to, paid time off (PTO)
based on years of service, as defined in Employers PTO policy.

e. Employer shall reimburse Executive, in accordance with the general policies and practices of Employer
as in effect from time to time, for normal out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Executive in the ordinary course of business, including
without limitation, business related travel, customer entertainment and professional organizations.

4. Disability or Death. If Executive should die or become disabled during the Term of this Agreement,
Executives employment and Employers obligations hereunder (other than payment of salary through and including the date of
Executives termination and payment of benefits in accordance with the applicable employee benefit plan) shall terminate as of Executives
death or disability, as applicable. In such event, the Employer shall pay the Executive an STI payment for the Performance Year in which
the Executive died or became disabled, which shall be prorated for the period ending on the date of the Executives death or disability.
Such STI payment, if any, shall be paid by no later than April 15 of the calendar year in which such Performance Year ends. For purposes
of this Section 4, Executive shall be considered disabled if Executive has suffered any medically determinable physical
or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than six months,
where such impairment causes the Executive to be unable to perform the duties of Executives position of employment or any substantially
similar position of employment with the Employer.

5. Termination by Employer.

a. Cause. Employer may terminate the employment of Executive under this Agreement during its Term
for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Cause shall include termination for (i) breach of this Agreement
by Executive; (ii) Executives gross negligence in the performance of Executives material duties hereunder; (iii) intentional
nonperformance or mis-performance of such duties, or refusal to abide by or comply with the Employers policies and procedures;
(iv) Executives willful dishonesty, fraud or misconduct with respect to the business or affairs of the Employer that adversely
affects the Employer; (v) Executives arrest for, conviction of, or a plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or other crime involving
moral turpitude or that otherwise threatens to interfere with the Employers interest; (vi) Executive violates the Employers
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; or (vii) Executives failure to report to work or unexcused absenteeism in violation of the
Employers attendance policies. In such event no further salary shall be paid to Executive after the date of termination and no
STI payment shall be paid to Executive after the date of termination, including any STI payment with respect to any fiscal year or the
portion of any fiscal year preceding the date of termination. Executive shall retain only such rights to participate in other benefits
as are required by the terms of those plans, Employers polices, or applicable law.

2

b. Without Cause. Employer may terminate the employment of Executive under this Agreement during its
Term without Cause. In such event, however, Executive, while living, shall be entitled to receive (i) Executives then-current base
salary for a period of eighteen (18) months following such termination of employment and (ii) an STI payment for the Performance Year
in which the Executives employment is terminated, which shall be prorated for the period ending on the date of the Executives
termination of employment; provided, however, that the payment of any severance or STI payment shall be conditioned upon Executive executing
and not revoking a general release of claims against Employer in a form reasonably acceptable to Employer within thirty (30) days (or
the time provided by applicable law, if longer) of Executives termination date. The STI payment, if any, shall be paid by no later
than April 15 of the calendar year in which such Performance Year ends. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the total amount payable under
this Section 5(b) shall not exceed the applicable dollar limit imposed under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or any successor
or replacement section thereto. In addition, if the Employer terminates the employment of Executive without Cause and such termination
date is within one year after a Change of Control (as defined in the Employers 2024 Amended and Restated Stock Compensation Plan),
then the Executive shall receive the severance benefit under Section 7 rather than and in lieu of any amounts payable under this Section
5(b). The severance benefit payable pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be paid at the time and form set forth in Section 7.

6. Termination by Executive.

a. Good Reason. Executive may terminate his employment with Employer for Good Reason (as defined herein)
at any time during the Term of the Agreement provided that such termination shall constitute Good Reason only if the Employer fails to
cure such event(s) in accordance with the notice and cure provisions described below. In such event, Executive shall be entitled to receive
(i) Executives then-current base salary for a period of eighteen (18) months following such termination of employment and (ii)
an STI payment for the Performance Year in which the Executives employment is terminated, which shall be prorated for the period
ending on the date of the Executives termination of employment; provided, however, that the payment of any severance or STI payment
shall be conditioned upon Executive executing and not revoking a general release of claims against Employer in a form reasonably acceptable
to Employer within thirty (30) days (or the time provided by applicable law, if longer) of Executives termination date. The STI
payment, if any, shall be paid by no later than April 15 of the calendar year in which such Performance Year ends. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the total amount payable under this Section 6(b) shall not exceed the applicable dollar limit imposed under Treasury Regulation
Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or any successor or replacement section thereto. In addition, if the Executive terminates his employment
for Good Reason and such termination date is within one year after a Change of Control (as defined in the Employers 2024 Amended
and Restated Stock Compensation Plan), then the Executive shall receive the severance benefit under Section 7 rather than and in lieu
of any amounts payable under this Section 6(a). The severance benefit payable pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be paid at the
time and form set forth in Section 7.

3

b. Definitions.

i. Good Reason shall mean (i) a material adverse change in Executives duties, authority or responsibilities;
(ii) the relocation of Executives principal place of employment to another location more than seventy-five (75) miles away from
Executives current principal place of employment; or (iii) Employers material breach of this Agreement or any other agreement
between the Parties.

ii. Notice and Cure shall mean (i) Executive shall give Employer a notice of termination within sixty (60)
days following the event giving rise to Executives Good Reason termination and (ii) Employer shall have a period of thirty (30)
days after receiving the notice of termination to remedy the action or inaction on which Good Reason is based. If Employer fails to remedy
the action or inaction on which the Good Reason is based within such thirty (30) day period, Executive may terminate his employment for
Good Reason within thirty (30) days after the end of the cure period.

c. Resignation. Executive may terminate Executives employment under this Agreement for any
reason (or no reason) at any time by providing thirty (30) days written notice to the Employer. Employer may, in its sole discretion,
waive the aforementioned notice requirement and accept Executives resignation effective as of any earlier date. In the event of
such a termination by the Executive, Executive shall not be entitled to receive any compensation from the Employer pursuant to this Agreement
other than the salary due through and including the date of Executives termination and payment of benefits in accordance with the
applicable employee benefit plan; provided, however, in the event of Executives retirement, he or she shall be entitled to an STI
payment for the Performance Year in which the Executive retires. The STI payment, if any, shall be paid by no later than April 15 of the
calendar year in which such Performance Year ends. For purposes of this Section 6(c), retirement shall mean the Employers
agreement to Executives voluntary separation from service on account of Executives retirement provided Executive (i) gives
Employer a minimum of ninety (90) days advance written notice of the anticipated retirement date (unless waived by Employer); (ii)
enters into a mutually agreed upon written plan with Employer to effect the orderly transition of duties and responsibilities; and (iii)
complies with such other guidelines as the Employer may establish in its sole discretion.

7. Change of Control. If the Executives employment is terminated for Good Reason or by the
Employer without Cause and such termination date is within one year after a Change of Control (as defined in the Employers 2024
Amended and Restated Stock Compensation Plan), the Executive shall be entitled to a severance payment under this Section 7 in an amount
equal to two times the sum of (i) Executives then-current base salary and (ii) an STI payment for the Performance Year in which
the Executives employment is terminated, which shall be prorated for the period ending on the date of the Executives termination
of employment; provided, however, that the severance payment shall be conditioned upon Executive executing and not revoking a general
release of claims against Employer in a form reasonably acceptable to Employer within thirty (30) days (or the time provided by applicable
law, if longer) of Executives termination date. Subject to any payment timing requirements under Section 22 below which may cause
a delay in the payment to the Executive, this severance payment shall be made to Executive in a single lump sum within forty-five (45)
days of the termination date.

4

8. Confidential Information and Return of Property. Confidential Information means any
written, oral, or other confidential information obtained by Executive in the course of employment with Employer and concerning Employer
or any of its affiliates, including, without limitation, confidential information about their respective operations, financial condition,
business commitments or business strategy, unless such information is generally known in the industry or is already publicly known through
no fault of any person bound by a duty of confidentiality to Employer or any of its affiliates. Executive will not at any time, during
or after Executives employment with Employer, directly or indirectly disclose Confidential Information to any person or entity,
except as required in the course of employment with, and for the benefit of, Employer. Executive will not at any time, during or after
Executives employment with Employer, in any manner access or use Confidential Information on behalf of himself or any other person
or entity other than Employer, or accept any position in which Executive would have a duty to any person to use Confidential Information.
Upon termination of Executives employment for any reason or at any time upon Employers request, Executive will promptly
return to Employer all property of Employer, including documents and computer files, and including all property that contains or reflects
Confidential Information. Executive shall not take, copy, download, or remove from the premises of Employer any Confidential Information
except with the express written authorization of Employer, and Executive shall retain no copies of any Confidential Information following
the termination of Executives employment for any reason. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or shall operate to diminish
such duties or obligations of Executive to Employer that arise or continue in effect after the termination of Executives employment
hereunder, including without limitation any such duties or obligations to maintain confidentiality or refrain from adverse use of any
of Employers trade secrets or other Confidential Information that Executive may have acquired in the course of Executives
employment.

9. Disclosure and Ownership of Work Related Intellectual Property. Executive shall disclose fully
to Employer any and all intellectual property (including, without limitation, inventions, processes, improvements to inventions and processes,
and enhancements to inventions and processes, whether or not patentable, trade secrets, formulae, data and computer programs, related
documentation and all forms of copyrightable subject matter) that Executive conceives, develops or makes, alone or jointly with others,
during the term of Executives employment and that in whole or in part result from or relate to Executives work for Employer
(collectively, Work Related Intellectual Property). Any such disclosure shall be made promptly after each item of Work Related
Intellectual Property is conceived, developed or made by Executive, whichever is sooner. Executive acknowledges that all Work Related
Intellectual Property that is copyrightable shall be work made for hire and shall be automatically owned by Employer. Further,
Executive hereby assigns to Employer any and all rights, title and interest which Executive has or may have in Work Related Intellectual
Property, whether or not patentable or copyrightable under applicable law, and any associated know-how, moral rights, or other intellectual
property rights (Proprietary Rights). If any Work Related Intellectual Property embodies or reflects any preexisting rights
of Executive, Executive hereby grants to Employer the irrevocable, perpetual, nonexclusive, worldwide, and royalty-free license to use,
reproduce, display, perform, distribute copies of and prepare derivative works based upon such preexisting rights and to authorize others
to do any or all of the foregoing. Further, Executive will execute, verify and deliver such documents and perform such other acts (including
appearances as a witness) as Employer may reasonably request for use in applying for, obtaining, perfecting, evidencing, sustaining and
enforcing any right, title and interest in and to any Work Related Intellectual Property and any Proprietary Rights. In addition, Executive
will execute, verify and deliver assignments of such Proprietary Rights to Employer or its designee at Employers request. Executives
obligation to assist Employer with respect to Proprietary Rights relating to Work Related Intellectual Property shall continue beyond
the cessation of Executives employment. Employer shall reimburse Executive for reasonable expenses actually incurred by Executive
in the course of providing such assistance at Employers request.

10. Covenant Not to Compete. Throughout any period during which Executive is an employee of the Employer,
and for a period of eighteen (18) months from and after the date upon which Executive shall cease for any reason whatsoever to be an employee
of the Employer, Executive covenants and agrees that Executive will not engage, in any Restricted Capacity, in any business that is in
Competition with the Employer within the Restricted Area. For purposes of this Agreement, the Restricted Capacity shall
be any capacity which involves the performance of managerial, supervisory, development, marketing or sales duties substantially similar
to any of Executives material duties for the Employer during the most recent twelve (12) months of employment with the Employer.
For purposes of this Agreement, a business is in Competition with the Employer if it engages in the business of developing,
designing, manufacturing, distributing, promoting, importing, selling or providing the same or substantially similar wood, metal or upholstered
residential furniture products at price points the Employer has provided to its customers during the most recent twelve (12) months of
Executives employment with the Employer. For purposes of this Agreement, the Restricted Area shall be the geographic
territory consisting of the United States of America. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive has and will continue to assist
Employer to engage in its business in the territory described in the preceding sentence and therefore such territory is necessary and
reasonable for the covenants in this Section.

5

Notwithstanding the preceding, Executive
may own less than two percent (2%) of any class of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
of any corporation engaged in Competition with Employer so long as Executive does not otherwise participate in the management or operation
of any such business, or violate any other provision of this Agreement.

11. Non-Solicitation of Customers. Executive agrees that during the term of this Agreement, and for
a period of eighteen (18) months thereafter, regardless of the circumstances of the termination or any claim that Executive may have against
Employer under this Agreement or otherwise, Executive will not:

a. directly or indirectly solicit or participate in the solicitation of any person or entity who, during
the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the date upon which Executives employment with the Employer ceased, paid or
engaged the Employer for products or services of any type (Customer) to withdraw, curtail or cancel its business with the
Employer or do any other act which may result in the impairment of the relationship between any Customer and the Employer;

b. for the benefit of a business in Competition with the Employer, agree to perform or perform services,
or agree to sell or sell products, of any type that the Employer offered, sold, or provided to any Customer during the twelve (12) month
period immediately preceding the date upon which Executives employment with the Employer ceased;

c. directly or indirectly induce any supplier, vendor, or other business relation of Employer to cease doing
business in whole or in part with Employer; or

d. for Executive or for the benefit of another, induce or influence, or attempt to induce or influence, any
person who is an employee, agent, independent contractor, partner, officer or director of the Employer and with whom Executive had material
contact or whose identity Executive learned in the course of employment with Employer to terminate his or her relationship with the Employer.

e. Executive acknowledges and agrees that, as a result of Executives position, Executive is responsible
for oversight of Employers relationships with, and/or accesses and uses Confidential Information concerning, all Customers of Employer.
As such, Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions in this Section are reasonable and necessary to protect Employers
legitimate interests and Customer goodwill.

12. Non-Disparagement. During Executives employment with Employer and at all times thereafter,
Executive shall not, in any manner, directly or indirectly make or publish any statement (orally or in writing) that would libel, slander,
disparage, denigrate, ridicule or criticize Employer, any of its subsidiaries, or any of its officers, directors, or management employees.
For the avoidance of doubt, this clause does not apply to Executives communications with members of Employers Board of Directors.

6

13. Remedies and Equitable Relief. Executive acknowledges and agrees that a breach of any of the covenants
made by Executive in Sections 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 above would cause irreparable harm to Employer or any of its affiliates for which there
would be no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, in the event of any threatened or actual breach of any such covenant, Executive agrees
that Employer shall be entitled to enforce any such covenant by injunctive and other appropriate equitable relief in any court of competent
jurisdiction, in addition to all other remedies available. If Executive breaches Sections 10 or 11 above, the duration of the period identified
shall be computed from the date Executive resumes compliance with the covenant or from the date Employer is granted injunctive or other
equitable relief by a court of competent jurisdiction enforcing the covenant, whichever shall first occur, reduced by the number of days
Executive was not in breach of the covenant after termination of employment, or any delay in filing suit, whichever is greater. To the
extent allowed under state law, Employer shall have the right to set off or withhold any amount owed to Executive by Employer or any of
its affiliates for any amount owed to Employer as a result of Executives breach or threatened breach of this Agreement. If any
judicial or other proceeding is brought to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the party that prevails in such proceeding
shall be entitled to recover its costs, expenses and fees (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred in such proceeding.

14. Protected Rights and Government Agencies. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the
contrary, nothing in this Agreement limits Executives right to file a charge with, to participate in a proceeding by, to give testimony
to, or to communicate with a court, legislative body, administrative agency, government agency or government official, including without
limitation the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, nothing in this Agreement limits Executives rights under any applicable
workplace transparency statute, if any. In the event Executive becomes legally compelled to disclose Confidential Information pursuant
to any subpoena, summons, order, or other judicial or government process, Executive shall provide Employer with prompt notice thereof
so that Employer may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or waive compliance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement.
In the event Employer does not obtain such protective order or other remedy or does not grant a waiver, Executive shall disclose only
such Confidential Information as Executive is legally required to disclose.

15. DTSA Notice. Executive is advised and understands that the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of
2016 provides that an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure
of a trade secret that: (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly,
or to any attorney; and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint
or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

16. Certain Defenses Waived. The existence of any claim or cause
of action of Executive against Employer, whether predicated on this Agreement or not, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement
by Employer of the restrictions, covenants and agreements contained herein.

7

17. Assignment. Employer may assign this Agreement to any other entity acquiring all or substantially
all of the assets or stock of Employer or to any other entity into which or with which Employer may be merged or consolidated. Upon such
assignment, merger, or consolidation, the rights of Employer under this Agreement, as well as the obligations and liabilities of Employer
hereunder, shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the assignee, successor-in-interest, or transferee of Employer and Employer
shall have no further obligations or liabilities hereunder. By signing this Agreement, Executive hereby expressly consents to any such
assignment or transfer by Employer, and no such assignment or transfer shall in any manner restrict, terminate, limit, or modify the obligations
of Executive under this Agreement. This Agreement is not assignable in any respect by Executive.

18. Severability; Invalid Provisions. It is not the intention of either Party to violate any public
policy, or any statutory or common law. If any sentence, paragraph, clause or combination of the same in this Agreement is found unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction, such sentence, paragraph, clause or combination of the same shall be void in the jurisdictions where
it is unlawful, and the remainder of the Agreement shall remain binding on the Parties. However, the Parties agree, and it is their desire
that a court should substitute for each such illegal, invalid or unenforceable covenant a reasonable and judicially-enforceable limitation
in its place, and that as so modified the covenant shall be as fully enforceable as if set forth herein by the Parties themselves in the
modified form.

19. Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the Parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof.
This Agreement may be amended in whole or in part only by an instrument in writing setting forth the particulars of such amendment and
duly executed by both Parties.

20. Multiple Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which
will be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

21. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction, interpretation and enforceability of this
Agreement and the capacity of the parties shall be determined and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard
to the conflict of law rules contained therein. Employer and Executive hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts having jurisdiction over Martinsville, Virginia in connection with any action, suit, or other proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or Executives employment with Employer. Employer and Executive agree not to assert in any such action, suit,
or proceeding brought in any such court any defenses or lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or inconvenient forum.

8

22. Taxes. All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to the Employers withholding
of all required foreign, federal, state and local income and employment/payroll taxes, and all payments shall be net of such tax withholding.
The parties intend that any payment under this Agreement shall, to the extent subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (Code Section 409A) be paid in compliance with Code Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations thereunder
such that there shall be no adverse tax consequences, interest, or penalties as a result of the payments, and the parties shall interpret
the Agreement in accordance with Code Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. Without limiting the foregoing: (a) each installment
of any such payment shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Code Section 409A; (b) each installment of any such payment
that is payable as a result of the Executives termination of employment shall not be paid unless and until the Executives
separation from service (within the meaning of Code Section 409A); (c) if such payment is payable as a result of the Executives
separation from service, and the Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) at the time
of such separation from service, then any installment of such payment that would otherwise be paid to the Executive within six months
following such separation from service shall be delayed and paid to the Executive (or the Executives estate, as applicable) in
a single lump sum on the earlier of (i) the first day of the seventh month following such separation from service or (ii) the date of
the Executives death, with any remaining installments to be paid in accordance with the original payment schedule as if no delay
had occurred; (d) if any such payment is conditioned upon the Executives executing and not revoking a release of claims, and the
period during which the Executive can execute or revoke such release begins in one calendar year and ends in the following calendar year,
then no such payment shall be paid to the Executive until the later of (i) the first day of such second calendar year or (ii) the date
on which such release becomes effective; and (e) if any expense reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided to the Executive under this
Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A, then: (i) the amount of expense eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during
each calendar year cannot affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year;
(ii) any reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be paid to the Executive on or before the last day of the calendar year following
the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and (iii) any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement shall
not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties intend that all amounts payable
under this Agreement shall be exempt from Code Section 409A under the short-term deferral exemption, the exemption for separation pay
due upon an involuntary separation from service, or other available exemption. The parties agree to modify this Agreement or the timing
(but not the amount) of any payment to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A, or an exemption therefrom, and avoid application
of any taxes, penalties, or interest thereunder. However, in the event that the payments under the Agreement are subject to any taxes
(including, without limitation, those specified in Code Section 409A), the Executive shall be solely liable for the payment of any such
taxes.

[The remainder of this page intentionally
left blank.]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first written above.

Employer

By: /s/ W. Christopher Beeler, Jr.

W. Christopher Beeler, Jr.

Chair Board of Directors

Hooker Furnishings Corporation

Executive

/s/ Jeremy R. Hoff

Jeremy R. Hoff

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>hoftex10-2.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBT 10.2
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement
(Agreement) is made and entered into this 20th day of February, 2025,
by and between Hooker Furnishings Corporation (Employer) and C. Earl Armstrong III (Executive) (each a Party
and collectively, the Parties).

WHEREAS, Executive became
the Chief Financial Officer of the Employer effective as of February 3, 2025 (the Effective Date); and

WHEREAS, Employer desires
to secure Executives continued service and expertise in connection with Employers business pursuant to an employment agreement
beginning as of the Effective Date, which shall supersede and replace any prior employment agreements, if applicable; and

WHEREAS, the Parties agree
that a covenant not to compete is essential to the growth and stability of the business of Employer and to the continuing success of such
business whenever the employment to which this Agreement relates is terminated;

1. Employment. Upon the Effective Date, Employer shall continue to employ and Executive agrees to
be employed as Employers Chief Financial Officer, and to perform such different or other duties as may be assigned to Executive
by Employer from time to time by Employers Chief Executive Officer (CEO). Executive will devote Executives
full working time and best efforts to the diligent and faithful performance of such duties as may be entrusted to Executive from time
to time by Employer and shall observe and abide by the corporate policies and decisions of Employer in all business matters.

2. Term. Executives employment shall continue under this Agreement for an indefinite period
of time beginning on the Effective Date of this Agreement and continuing until termination in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

3. Compensation. Employer shall pay and Executive shall accept as full consideration for the services
to be rendered hereunder compensation consisting of the items listed below. Employer shall have no obligation to pay any such compensation
for any period after the termination of Executives employment, except as otherwise expressly provided.

a. Salary, paid pursuant to Employers normal payroll practices, at an annual rate of three hundred
seventy five thousand dollars ($375,000) per year or such other rate as may be established prospectively from time to time by the Compensation
Committee of the Employers Board of Directors (Compensation Committee). All such payments shall be subject to deduction
and withholding authorized or required by applicable law. Executive is a salaried, exempt employee.

b. A Short-Term Incentive (STI) payment with respect to each fiscal year of the Employer (the
Performance Year) during the term of this Agreement. The STI shall be computed as a percentage of Executives salary
actually paid with respect to the Performance Year, which percentage shall be targeted at sixty percent (60%) and shall be subject to
the performance criteria outlined in Employers STI Plan. The terms and conditions of the STI payment, including the applicable
performance criteria for a Performance Year, and the determination of the amount of the STI payable to the Executive for a Performance
Year (if any) shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee. The STI payment with respect to a Performance
Year will be paid during the period that begins on the first day immediately following the last day of the Performance Year and ends on
April 15 of the calendar year in which the Performance Year ends.

c. Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) Employer agrees to offer Executive participation
in the Employers LTIP which shall be evaluated according to the Employers stated LTIP criteria. The target award for Executive
shall be eighty percent (80%) of the goal for each LTIP plan year.

d. Executive shall receive such other benefits, payments, or items of compensation as are provided under
the employee benefit plans of Employer, or as are made available from time to time under compensation policies set by Employer for management
employees of Employer having similar salary and level of responsibility; including, but not limited to, paid time off (PTO)
based on years of service, as defined in Employers PTO policy.

e. Employer shall reimburse Executive, in accordance with the general policies and practices of Employer
as in effect from time to time, for normal out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Executive in the ordinary course of business, including
without limitation, business related travel, customer entertainment and professional organizations.

4. Disability or Death. If Executive should die or become disabled during the Term of this Agreement,
Executives employment and Employers obligations hereunder (other than payment of salary through and including the date of
Executives termination and payment of benefits in accordance with the applicable employee benefit plan) shall terminate as of Executives
death or disability, as applicable. In such event, the Employer shall pay the Executive an STI payment for the Performance Year in which
the Executive died or became disabled, which shall be prorated for the period ending on the date of the Executives death or disability.
Such STI payment, if any, shall be paid by no later than April 15 of the calendar year in which such Performance Year ends. For purposes
of this Section 4, Executive shall be considered disabled if Executive has suffered any medically determinable physical
or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than six months,
where such impairment causes the Executive to be unable to perform the duties of Executives position of employment or any substantially
similar position of employment with the Employer.

5. Termination by Employer.

a. Cause. Employer may terminate the employment of Executive under this Agreement during its Term
for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Cause shall include termination for (i) breach of this Agreement
by Executive; (ii) Executives gross negligence in the performance of Executives material duties hereunder; (iii) intentional
nonperformance or mis-performance of such duties, or refusal to abide by or comply with the reasonable directives of the CEO, or the Employers
policies and procedures; (iv) Executives willful dishonesty, fraud or misconduct with respect to the business or affairs of the
Employer, that in the reasonable judgment of the CEO adversely affects the Employer; (v) Executives arrest for, conviction of,
or a plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or other crime involving moral turpitude or that otherwise threatens to interfere with the Employers
interest as determined by the CEO in his or her sole discretion; (vi) Executive violates the Employers Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics; or (vii) Executives failure to report to work or unexcused absenteeism in violation of the Employers attendance
policies. In such event no further salary shall be paid to Executive after the date of termination and no STI payment shall be paid to
Executive after the date of termination, including any STI payment with respect to any fiscal year or the portion of any fiscal year preceding
the date of termination. Executive shall retain only such rights to participate in other benefits as are required by the terms of those
plans, Employers polices, or applicable law.

2

b. Without Cause. Employer may terminate the employment of Executive under this Agreement during its
Term without Cause. In such event, however, Executive, while living, shall be entitled to receive (i) Executives then-current base
salary for a period of twelve (12) months following such termination of employment and (ii) an STI payment for the Performance Year in
which the Executives employment is terminated, which shall be prorated for the period ending on the date of the Executives
termination of employment; provided, however, that the payment of any severance or STI payment shall be conditioned upon Executive executing
and not revoking a general release of claims against Employer in a form reasonably acceptable to Employer within thirty (30) days (or
the time provided by applicable law, if longer) of Executives termination date. The STI payment, if any, shall be paid by no later
than April 15 of the calendar year in which such Performance Year ends. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the total amount payable under
this Section 5(b) shall not exceed the applicable dollar limit imposed under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or any successor
or replacement section thereto. In addition, if the Employer terminates the employment of Executive without Cause and such termination
date is within one year after a Change of Control (as defined in the Employers 2024 Amended and Restated Stock Compensation Plan),
then the Executive shall receive the severance benefit under Section 7 rather than and in lieu of any amounts payable under this Section
5(b). The severance benefit payable pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be paid at the time and form set forth in Section 7.

6. Termination by Executive.

a. Good Reason. Executive may terminate his employment with Employer for Good Reason (as defined herein)
at any time during the Term of the Agreement provided that such termination shall constitute Good Reason only if the Employer fails to
cure such event(s) in accordance with the notice and cure provisions described below. In such event, Executive shall be entitled to receive
(i) Executives then-current base salary for a period of twelve (12) months following such termination of employment and (ii) an
STI payment for the Performance Year in which the Executives employment is terminated, which shall be prorated for the period ending
on the date of the Executives termination of employment; provided, however, that the payment of any severance or STI payment shall
be conditioned upon Executive executing and not revoking a general release of claims against Employer in a form reasonably acceptable
to Employer within thirty (30) days (or the time provided by applicable law, if longer) of Executives termination date. The STI
payment, if any, shall be paid by no later than April 15 of the calendar year in which such Performance Year ends. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the total amount payable under this Section 6(b) shall not exceed the applicable dollar limit imposed under Treasury Regulation
Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or any successor or replacement section thereto. In addition, if the Executive terminates his employment
for Good Reason and such termination date is within one year after a Change of Control (as defined in the Employers 2024 Amended
and Restated Stock Compensation Plan), then the Executive shall receive the severance benefit under Section 7 rather than and in lieu
of any amounts payable under this Section 6(a). The severance benefit payable pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be paid at the
time and form set forth in Section 7.

3

b. Definitions.

i. Good Reason shall mean (i) a material adverse change in Executives duties, authority or responsibilities;
(ii) the relocation of Executives principal place of employment to another location more than seventy-five (75) miles away from
Executives current principal place of employment; or (iii) Employers material breach of this Agreement or any other agreement
between the Parties.

ii. Notice and Cure shall mean (i) Executive shall give Employer a notice of termination within sixty (60)
days following the event giving rise to Executives Good Reason termination and (ii) Employer shall have a period of thirty (30)
days after receiving the notice of termination to remedy the action or inaction on which Good Reason is based. If Employer fails to remedy
the action or inaction on which the Good Reason is based within such thirty (30) day period, Executive may terminate his employment for
Good Reason within thirty (30) days after the end of the cure period.

c. Resignation. Executive may terminate Executives employment under this Agreement for any
reason (or no reason) at any time by providing thirty (30) days written notice to the Employer. Employer may, in its sole discretion,
waive the aforementioned notice requirement and accept Executives resignation effective as of any earlier date. In the event of
such a termination by the Executive, Executive shall not be entitled to receive any compensation from the Employer pursuant to this Agreement
other than the salary due through and including the date of Executives termination and payment of benefits in accordance with the
applicable employee benefit plan; provided, however, in the event of Executives retirement, he or she shall be entitled to an STI
payment for the Performance Year in which the Executive retires. The STI payment, if any, shall be paid by no later than April 15 of the
calendar year in which such Performance Year ends. For purposes of this Section 6(c), retirement shall mean the Employers
agreement to Executives voluntary separation from service on account of Executives retirement provided Executive (i) gives
Employer a minimum of ninety (90) days advance written notice of the anticipated retirement date (unless waived by Employer); (ii)
enters into a mutually agreed upon written plan with Employer to affect the orderly transition of duties and responsibilities; and (iii)
complies with such other guidelines as the Employer may establish in its sole discretion.

7. Change of Control. If the Executives employment is terminated for Good Reason or by the
Employer without Cause and such termination date is within one year after a Change of Control (as defined in the Employers 2024
Amended and Restated Stock Compensation Plan), the Executive shall be entitled to a severance payment under this Section 7 in an amount
equal to one times the sum of (i) Executives then-current base salary and (ii) an STI payment for the Performance Year in which
the Executives employment is terminated, which shall be prorated for the period ending on the date of the Executives termination
of employment; provided, however, that the severance payment shall be conditioned upon Executive executing and not revoking a general
release of claims against Employer in a form reasonably acceptable to Employer within thirty (30) days (or the time provided by applicable
law, if longer) of Executives termination date. Subject to any payment timing requirements under Section 19 below which may cause
a delay in the payment to the Executive, this severance payment shall be made to Executive in a single lump sum within forty-five (45)
days of the termination date.

4

8. Confidential Information and Return of Property. Confidential Information means any
written, oral, or other confidential information obtained by Executive in the course of employment with Employer and concerning Employer
or any of its affiliates, including, without limitation, confidential information about their respective operations, financial condition,
business commitments or business strategy, unless such information is generally known in the industry or is already publicly known through
no fault of any person bound by a duty of confidentiality to Employer or any of its affiliates. Executive will not at any time, during
or after Executives employment with Employer, directly or indirectly disclose Confidential Information to any person or entity,
except as required in the course of employment with, and for the benefit of, Employer. Executive will not at any time, during or after
Executives employment with Employer, in any manner access or use Confidential Information on behalf of himself or any other person
or entity other than Employer, or accept any position in which Executive would have a duty to any person to use Confidential Information.
Upon termination of Executives employment for any reason or at any time upon Employers request, Executive will promptly
return to Employer all property of Employer, including documents and computer files, and including all property that contains or reflects
Confidential Information. Executive shall not take, copy, download, or remove from the premises of Employer any Confidential Information
except with the express written authorization of Employer, and Executive shall retain no copies of any Confidential Information following
the termination of Executives employment for any reason. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or shall operate to diminish
such duties or obligations of Executive to Employer that arise or continue in effect after the termination of Executives employment
hereunder, including without limitation any such duties or obligations to maintain confidentiality or refrain from adverse use of any
of Employers trade secrets or other Confidential Information that Executive may have acquired in the course of Executives
employment.

9. Disclosure and Ownership of Work Related Intellectual Property. Executive shall disclose fully
to Employer any and all intellectual property (including, without limitation, inventions, processes, improvements to inventions and processes,
and enhancements to inventions and processes, whether or not patentable, trade secrets, formulae, data and computer programs, related
documentation and all forms of copyrightable subject matter) that Executive conceives, develops or makes, alone or jointly with others,
during the term of Executives employment and that in whole or in part result from or relate to Executives work for Employer
(collectively, Work Related Intellectual Property). Any such disclosure shall be made promptly after each item of Work Related
Intellectual Property is conceived, developed or made by Executive, whichever is sooner. Executive acknowledges that all Work Related
Intellectual Property that is copyrightable shall be work made for hire and shall be automatically owned by Employer. Further,
Executive hereby assigns to Employer any and all rights, title and interest which Executive has or may have in Work Related Intellectual
Property, whether or not patentable or copyrightable under applicable law, and any associated know-how, moral rights, or other intellectual
property rights (Proprietary Rights). If any Work Related Intellectual Property embodies or reflects any preexisting rights
of Executive, Executive hereby grants to Employer the irrevocable, perpetual, nonexclusive, worldwide, and royalty-free license to use,
reproduce, display, perform, distribute copies of and prepare derivative works based upon such preexisting rights and to authorize others
to do any or all of the foregoing. Further, Executive will execute, verify and deliver such documents and perform such other acts (including
appearances as a witness) as Employer may reasonably request for use in applying for, obtaining, perfecting, evidencing, sustaining and
enforcing any right, title and interest in and to any Work Related Intellectual Property and any Proprietary Rights. In addition, Executive
will execute, verify and deliver assignments of such Proprietary Rights to Employer or its designee at Employers request. Executives
obligation to assist Employer with respect to Proprietary Rights relating to Work Related Intellectual Property shall continue beyond
the cessation of Executives employment. Employer shall reimburse Executive for reasonable expenses actually incurred by Executive
in the course of providing such assistance at Employers request.

10. Covenant Not to Compete. Throughout any period during which Executive is an employee of the Employer,
and for a period of twelve (12) months from and after the date upon which Executive shall cease for any reason whatsoever to be an employee
of the Employer, Executive covenants and agrees that Executive will not engage, in any Restricted Capacity, in any business that is in
Competition with the Employer within the Restricted Area. For purposes of this Agreement, the Restricted Capacity shall
be any capacity which involves the performance of managerial, supervisory, development, marketing or sales duties substantially similar
to any of Executives material duties for the Employer during the most recent twelve (12) months of employment with the Employer.
For purposes of this Agreement, a business is in Competition with the Employer if it engages in the business of developing,
designing, manufacturing, distributing, promoting, importing, selling or providing the same or substantially similar wood, metal or upholstered
residential furniture products at price points the Employer has provided to its customers during the most recent twelve (12) months of
Executives employment with the Employer. For purposes of this Agreement, the Restricted Area shall be the geographic
territory consisting of the United States of America. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive has and will continue to assist
Employer to engage in its business in the territory described in the preceding sentence and therefore such territory is necessary and
reasonable for the covenants in this Section.

5

Notwithstanding the preceding, Executive
may own less than two percent (2%) of any class of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
of any corporation engaged in Competition with Employer so long as Executive does not otherwise participate in the management or operation
of any such business, or violate any other provision of this Agreement.

11. Non-Solicitation of Customers. Executive agrees that during the term of this Agreement, and for
a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, regardless of the circumstances of the termination or any claim that Executive may have against
Employer under this Agreement or otherwise, Executive will not:

a. directly or indirectly solicit or participate in the solicitation of any person or entity who, during
the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the date upon which Executives employment with the Employer ceased, paid or
engaged the Employer for products or services of any type (Customer) to withdraw, curtail or cancel its business with the
Employer or do any other act which may result in the impairment of the relationship between any Customer and the Employer;

b. for the benefit of a business in Competition with the Employer, agree to perform or perform services,
or agree to sell or sell products, of any type that the Employer offered, sold, or provided to any Customer during the twelve (12) month
period immediately preceding the date upon which Executives employment with the Employer ceased;

c. directly or indirectly induce any supplier, vendor, or other business relation of Employer to cease doing
business in whole or in part with Employer; or

d. for Executive or for the benefit of another, induce or influence, or attempt to induce or influence, any
person who is an employee, agent, independent contractor, partner, officer or director of the Employer and with whom Executive had material
contact or whose identity Executive learned in the course of employment with Employer to terminate his or her relationship with the Employer.

e. Executive acknowledges and agrees that, as a result of Executives position, Executive is responsible
for oversight of Employers relationships with, and/or accesses and uses Confidential Information concerning, all Customers of Employer.
As such, Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions in this Section are reasonable and necessary to protect Employers
legitimate interests and Customer goodwill.

12. Non-Disparagement. During Executives employment with Employer and at all times thereafter,
Executive shall not, in any manner, directly or indirectly make or publish any statement (orally or in writing) that would libel, slander,
disparage, denigrate, ridicule or criticize Employer, any of its subsidiaries, or any of its officers, directors, or management employees.
For the avoidance of doubt, this clause does not apply to Executives communications with members of Employers Board of Directors.

6

13. Remedies and Equitable Relief. Executive acknowledges and agrees that a breach of any of the covenants
made by Executive in Sections 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 above would cause irreparable harm to Employer or any of its affiliates for which there
would be no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, in the event of any threatened or actual breach of any such covenant, Executive agrees
that Employer shall be entitled to enforce any such covenant by injunctive and other appropriate equitable relief in any court of competent
jurisdiction, in addition to all other remedies available. If Executive breaches Sections 10 or 11 above, the duration of the period identified
shall be computed from the date Executive resumes compliance with the covenant or from the date Employer is granted injunctive or other
equitable relief by a court of competent jurisdiction enforcing the covenant, whichever shall first occur, reduced by the number of days
Executive was not in breach of the covenant after termination of employment, or any delay in filing suit, whichever is greater. To the
extent allowed under state law, Employer shall have the right to set off or withhold any amount owed to Executive by Employer or any of
its affiliates for any amount owed to Employer as a result of Executives breach or threatened breach of this Agreement. If any
judicial or other proceeding is brought to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the party that prevails in such proceeding
shall be entitled to recover its costs, expenses and fees (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred in such proceeding.

14. Protected Rights and Government Agencies. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the
contrary, nothing in this Agreement limits Executives right to file a charge with, to participate in a proceeding by, to give testimony
to, or to communicate with a court, legislative body, administrative agency, government agency or government official, including without
limitation the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, nothing in this Agreement limits Executives rights under any applicable
workplace transparency statute, if any. In the event Executive becomes legally compelled to disclose Confidential Information pursuant
to any subpoena, summons, order, or other judicial or government process, Executive shall provide Employer with prompt notice thereof
so that Employer may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or waive compliance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement.
In the event Employer does not obtain such protective order or other remedy or does not grant a waiver, Executive shall disclose only
such Confidential Information as Executive is legally required to disclose.

15. DTSA Notice. Executive is advised and understands that the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of
2016 provides that an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure
of a trade secret that: (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly,
or to any attorney; and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint
or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

16. Certain Defenses Waived. The existence of any claim or cause
of action of Executive against Employer, whether predicated on this Agreement or not, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement
by Employer of the restrictions, covenants and agreements contained herein.

7

17. Assignment. Employer may assign this Agreement to any other entity acquiring all or substantially
all of the assets or stock of Employer or to any other entity into which or with which Employer may be merged or consolidated. Upon such
assignment, merger, or consolidation, the rights of Employer under this Agreement, as well as the obligations and liabilities of Employer
hereunder, shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the assignee, successor-in-interest, or transferee of Employer and Employer
shall have no further obligations or liabilities hereunder. By signing this Agreement, Executive hereby expressly consents to any such
assignment or transfer by Employer, and no such assignment or transfer shall in any manner restrict, terminate, limit, or modify the obligations
of Executive under this Agreement. This Agreement is not assignable in any respect by Executive.

18. Severability; Invalid Provisions. It is not the intention of either Party to violate any public
policy, or any statutory or common law. If any sentence, paragraph, clause or combination of the same in this Agreement is found unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction, such sentence, paragraph, clause or combination of the same shall be void in the jurisdictions where
it is unlawful, and the remainder of the Agreement shall remain binding on the Parties. However, the Parties agree, and it is their desire
that a court should substitute for each such illegal, invalid or unenforceable covenant a reasonable and judicially-enforceable limitation
in its place, and that as so modified the covenant shall be as fully enforceable as if set forth herein by the Parties themselves in the
modified form.

19. Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the Parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof.
This Agreement may be amended in whole or in part only by an instrument in writing setting forth the particulars of such amendment and
duly executed by both Parties.

20. Multiple Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which
will be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

21. Governing Law and Venue. The validity, construction, interpretation and enforceability of this
Agreement and the capacity of the parties shall be determined and governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard
to the conflict of law rules contained therein. Employer and Executive hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts having jurisdiction over Martinsville, Virginia in connection with any action, suit, or other proceeding arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or Executives employment with Employer. Employer and Executive agree not to assert in any such action, suit,
or proceeding brought in any such court any defenses or lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue, or inconvenient forum.

8

22. Taxes. All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to the Employers withholding
of all required foreign, federal, state and local income and employment/payroll taxes, and all payments shall be net of such tax withholding.
The parties intend that any payment under this Agreement shall, to the extent subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (Code Section 409A) be paid in compliance with Code Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations thereunder
such that there shall be no adverse tax consequences, interest, or penalties as a result of the payments, and the parties shall interpret
the Agreement in accordance with Code Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. Without limiting the foregoing: (a) each installment
of any such payment shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Code Section 409A; (b) each installment of any such payment
that is payable as a result of the Executives termination of employment shall not be paid unless and until the Executives
separation from service (within the meaning of Code Section 409A); (c) if such payment is payable as a result of the Executives
separation from service, and the Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) at the time
of such separation from service, then any installment of such payment that would otherwise be paid to the Executive within six months
following such separation from service shall be delayed and paid to the Executive (or the Executives estate, as applicable) in
a single lump sum on the earlier of (i) the first day of the seventh month following such separation from service or (ii) the date of
the Executives death, with any remaining installments to be paid in accordance with the original payment schedule as if no delay
had occurred; (d) if any such payment is conditioned upon the Executives executing and not revoking a release of claims, and the
period during which the Executive can execute or revoke such release begins in one calendar year and ends in the following calendar year,
then no such payment shall be paid to the Executive until the later of (i) the first day of such second calendar year or (ii) the date
on which such release becomes effective; and (e) if any expense reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided to the Executive under this
Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A, then: (i) the amount of expense eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during
each calendar year cannot affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year;
(ii) any reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be paid to the Executive on or before the last day of the calendar year following
the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and (iii) any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement shall
not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties intend that all amounts payable
under this Agreement shall be exempt from Code Section 409A under the short-term deferral exemption, the exemption for separation pay
due upon an involuntary separation from service, or other available exemption. The parties agree to modify this Agreement or the timing
(but not the amount) of any payment to the extent necessary to comply with Code Section 409A, or an exemption therefrom, and avoid application
of any taxes, penalties, or interest thereunder. However, in the event that the payments under the Agreement are subject to any taxes
(including, without limitation, those specified in Code Section 409A), the Executive shall be solely liable for the payment of any such
taxes.

[The remainder of this page intentionally
left blank.]

9

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first written above.

Employer

By: /s/ Jeremy R. Hoff

Jeremy R. Hoff

Chief Executive Officer and Director

Executive

/s/ C. Earl Armstrong III

C. Earl Armstrong III

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>hoftex10-3.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBT 10.3
<TEXT>
Exhibit
10.3

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT

This
Employment Agreement (Agreement) is made and entered into this 20th day of February ,
2025, by and between Hooker Furnishings Corporation (Employer) and Anne J. Smith (Executive) (each a Party
and collectively, the Parties).

WHEREAS,
Executive is the Chief Administrative Officer and President Domestic Upholstery of the Employer; and

WHEREAS,
Employer and Executive previously entered into an employment agreement dated July 13, 2022 (the 2022 Agreement); and

WHEREAS,
Employer desires to secure Executives continued service and expertise in connection with Employers business pursuant to
an employment agreement beginning February 3, 2025 (the Effective Date), which shall supersede and replace any prior employment
agreements, if applicable; and

WHEREAS,
the Parties agree that a covenant not to compete is essential to the growth and stability of the business of Employer and to the continuing
success of such business whenever the employment to which this Agreement relates is terminated;

1. Employment.
Upon the Effective Date, Employer shall continue to employ and Executive agrees to continue
to be employed as Employers Chief Administrative Officer and President Domestic
Upholstery, and to perform such different or other duties as may be assigned to Executive
by Employer from time to time by Employers Chief Executive Officer (CEO).
Executive will devote Executives full working time and best efforts to the diligent
and faithful performance of such duties as may be entrusted to Executive from time to time
by Employer and shall observe and abide by the corporate policies and decisions of Employer
in all business matters.

2. Term.
Executives employment shall continue under this Agreement for an indefinite period
of time beginning on the Effective Date of this Agreement and continuing until termination
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

3. Compensation.
Employer shall pay and Executive shall accept as full consideration for the services to be
rendered hereunder compensation consisting of the items listed below. Employer shall have
no obligation to pay any such compensation for any period after the termination of Executives
employment, except as otherwise expressly provided.

a. Salary,
paid pursuant to Employers normal payroll practices, at an annual rate of three hundred
seventy five thousand dollars ($375,000) per year or such other rate as may be established
prospectively from time to time by the Compensation Committee of the Employers Board
of Directors (Compensation Committee). All such payments shall be subject to
deduction and withholding authorized or required by applicable law. Executive is a salaried,
exempt employee.

b. A
Short-Term Incentive (STI) payment with respect to each fiscal year of the
Employer (the Performance Year) during the term of this Agreement. The STI
shall be computed as a percentage of Executives salary actually paid with respect
to the Performance Year, which percentage shall be targeted at sixty percent (60%) and shall
be subject to the performance criteria outlined in Employers STI Plan. The terms and
conditions of the STI payment, including the applicable performance criteria for a Performance
Year, and the determination of the amount of the STI payable to the Executive for a Performance
Year (if any) shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee. The
STI payment with respect to a Performance Year will be paid during the period that begins
on the first day immediately following the last day of the Performance Year and ends on April
15 of the calendar year in which the Performance Year ends.

c. Long-Term
Incentive Plan (LTIP) Employer agrees to offer Executive participation
in the Employers LTIP which shall be evaluated according to the Employers stated
LTIP criteria. The target award for Executive shall be sixty percent (60%) of the goal for
each LTIP plan year.

d. Executive
shall receive such other benefits, payments, or items of compensation as are provided under
the employee benefit plans of Employer, or as are made available from time to time under
compensation policies set by Employer for management employees of Employer having similar
salary and level of responsibility; including, but not limited to, paid time off (PTO)
based on years of service, as defined in Employers PTO policy.

e. Employer
shall reimburse Executive, in accordance with the general policies and practices of Employer
as in effect from time to time, for normal out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Executive in
the ordinary course of business, including without limitation, business related travel, customer
entertainment and professional organizations.

4. Disability
or Death. If Executive should die or become disabled during the Term of this Agreement,
Executives employment and Employers obligations hereunder (other than payment
of salary through and including the date of Executives termination and payment of
benefits in accordance with the applicable employee benefit plan) shall terminate as of Executives
death or disability, as applicable. In such event, the Employer shall pay the Executive an
STI payment for the Performance Year in which the Executive died or became disabled, which
shall be prorated for the period ending on the date of the Executives death or disability.
Such STI payment, if any, shall be paid by no later than April 15 of the calendar year in
which such Performance Year ends. For purposes of this Section 4, Executive shall be considered
disabled if Executive has suffered any medically determinable physical or mental
impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous
period of not less than six months, where such impairment causes the Executive to be unable
to perform the duties of Executives position of employment or any substantially similar
position of employment with the Employer.

5. Termination
by Employer.

a. Cause.
Employer may terminate the employment of Executive under this Agreement during its Term for
Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, termination for Cause shall include
termination for (i) breach of this Agreement by Executive; (ii) Executives gross negligence
in the performance of Executives material duties hereunder; (iii) intentional nonperformance
or mis-performance of such duties, or refusal to abide by or comply with the reasonable directives
of the CEO, or the Employers policies and procedures; (iv) Executives willful
dishonesty, fraud or misconduct with respect to the business or affairs of the Employer,
that in the reasonable judgment of the CEO adversely affects the Employer; (v) Executives
arrest for, conviction of, or a plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or other crime involving
moral turpitude or that otherwise threatens to interfere with the Employers interest
as determined by the CEO in his or her sole discretion; (vi) Executive violates the Employers
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; or (vii) Executives failure to report to work
or unexcused absenteeism in violation of the Employers attendance policies. In such
event no further salary shall be paid to Executive after the date of termination and no STI
payment shall be paid to Executive after the date of termination, including any STI payment
with respect to any fiscal year or the portion of any fiscal year preceding the date of termination.
Executive shall retain only such rights to participate in other benefits as are required
by the terms of those plans, Employers polices, or applicable law.

2

b. Without
Cause. Employer may terminate the employment of Executive under this Agreement during
its Term without Cause. In such event, however, Executive, while living, shall be entitled
to receive (i) Executives then-current base salary for a period of twelve (12) months
following such termination of employment and (ii) an STI payment for the Performance Year
in which the Executives employment is terminated, which shall be prorated for the
period ending on the date of the Executives termination of employment; provided, however,
that the payment of any severance or STI payment shall be conditioned upon Executive executing
and not revoking a general release of claims against Employer in a form reasonably acceptable
to Employer within thirty (30) days (or the time provided by applicable law, if longer) of
Executives termination date. The STI payment, if any, shall be paid by no later than
April 15 of the calendar year in which such Performance Year ends. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the total amount payable under this Section 5(b) shall not exceed the applicable dollar limit
imposed under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or any successor or replacement
section thereto. In addition, if the Employer terminates the employment of Executive without
Cause and such termination date is within one year after a Change of Control (as defined
in the Employers 2024 Amended and Restated Stock Compensation Plan), then the Executive
shall receive the severance benefit under Section 7 rather than and in lieu of any amounts
payable under this Section 5(b). The severance benefit payable pursuant to the preceding
sentence shall be paid at the time and form set forth in Section 7.

6. Termination
by Executive.

a. Good
Reason. Executive may terminate her employment with Employer for Good Reason (as defined
herein) at any time during the Term of the Agreement provided that such termination shall
constitute Good Reason only if the Employer fails to cure such event(s) in accordance with
the notice and cure provisions described below. In such event, Executive shall be entitled
to receive (i) Executives then-current base salary for a period of twelve (12) months
following such termination of employment and (ii) an STI payment for the Performance Year
in which the Executives employment is terminated, which shall be prorated for the
period ending on the date of the Executives termination of employment; provided, however,
that the payment of any severance or STI payment shall be conditioned upon Executive executing
and not revoking a general release of claims against Employer in a form reasonably acceptable
to Employer within thirty (30) days (or the time provided by applicable law, if longer) of
Executives termination date. The STI payment, if any, shall be paid by no later than
April 15 of the calendar year in which such Performance Year ends. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the total amount payable under this Section 6(b) shall not exceed the applicable dollar limit
imposed under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or any successor or replacement
section thereto. In addition, if the Executive terminates her employment for Good Reason
and such termination date is within one year after a Change of Control (as defined in the
Employers 2024 Amended and Restated Stock Compensation Plan), then the Executive shall
receive the severance benefit under Section 7 rather than and in lieu of any amounts payable
under this Section 6(a). The severance benefit payable pursuant to the preceding sentence
shall be paid at the time and form set forth in Section 7.

3

b. Definitions.

i. Good
Reason shall mean (i) a material adverse change in Executives duties, authority or
responsibilities; (ii) the relocation of Executives principal place of employment
to another location more than seventy-five (75) miles away from Executives current
principal place of employment; or (iii) Employers material breach of this Agreement
or any other agreement between the Parties.

ii. Notice
and Cure shall mean (i) Executive shall give Employer a notice of termination within sixty
(60) days following the event giving rise to Executives Good Reason termination and
(ii) Employer shall have a period of thirty (30) days after receiving the notice of termination
to remedy the action or inaction on which Good Reason is based. If Employer fails to remedy
the action or inaction on which the Good Reason is based within such thirty (30) day period,
Executive may terminate her employment for Good Reason within thirty (30) days after the
end of the cure period.

c. Resignation.
Executive may terminate Executives employment under this Agreement for any reason
(or no reason) at any time by providing thirty (30) days written notice to the Employer.
Employer may, in its sole discretion, waive the aforementioned notice requirement and accept
Executives resignation effective as of any earlier date. In the event of such a termination
by the Executive, Executive shall not be entitled to receive any compensation from the Employer
pursuant to this Agreement other than the salary due through and including the date of Executives
termination and payment of benefits in accordance with the applicable employee benefit plan;
provided, however, in the event of Executives retirement, he or she shall be entitled
to an STI payment for the Performance Year in which the Executive retires. The STI payment,
if any, shall be paid by no later than April 15 of the calendar year in which such Performance
Year ends. For purposes of this Section 6(c), retirement shall mean the Employers
agreement to Executives voluntary separation from service on account of Executives
retirement provided Executive (i) gives Employer a minimum of ninety (90) days advance
written notice of the anticipated retirement date (unless waived by Employer); (ii) enters
into a mutually agreed upon written plan with Employer to affect the orderly transition of
duties and responsibilities; and (iii) complies with such other guidelines as the Employer
may establish in its sole discretion.

7. Change
of Control. If the Executives employment is terminated for Good Reason or by the
Employer without Cause and such termination date is within one year after a Change of Control
(as defined in the Employers 2024 Amended and Restated Stock Compensation Plan), the
Executive shall be entitled to a severance payment under this Section 7 in an amount equal
to one times the sum of (i) Executives then-current base salary and (ii) an STI payment
for the Performance Year in which the Executives employment is terminated, which shall
be prorated for the period ending on the date of the Executives termination of employment;
provided, however, that the severance payment shall be conditioned upon Executive executing
and not revoking a general release of claims against Employer in a form reasonably acceptable
to Employer within thirty (30) days (or the time provided by applicable law, if longer) of
Executives termination date. Subject to any payment timing requirements under Section
19 below which may cause a delay in the payment to the Executive, this severance payment
shall be made to Executive in a single lump sum within forty-five (45) days of the termination
date.

4

8. Confidential
Information and Return of Property. Confidential Information means any
written, oral, or other confidential information obtained by Executive in the course of employment
with Employer and concerning Employer or any of its affiliates, including, without limitation,
confidential information about their respective operations, financial condition, business
commitments or business strategy, unless such information is generally known in the industry
or is already publicly known through no fault of any person bound by a duty of confidentiality
to Employer or any of its affiliates. Executive will not at any time, during or after Executives
employment with Employer, directly or indirectly disclose Confidential Information to any
person or entity, except as required in the course of employment with, and for the benefit
of, Employer. Executive will not at any time, during or after Executives employment
with Employer, in any manner access or use Confidential Information on behalf of himself
or any other person or entity other than Employer, or accept any position in which Executive
would have a duty to any person to use Confidential Information. Upon termination of Executives
employment for any reason or at any time upon Employers request, Executive will promptly
return to Employer all property of Employer, including documents and computer files, and
including all property that contains or reflects Confidential Information. Executive shall
not take, copy, download, or remove from the premises of Employer any Confidential Information
except with the express written authorization of Employer, and Executive shall retain no
copies of any Confidential Information following the termination of Executives employment
for any reason. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or shall operate to diminish
such duties or obligations of Executive to Employer that arise or continue in effect after
the termination of Executives employment hereunder, including without limitation any
such duties or obligations to maintain confidentiality or refrain from adverse use of any
of Employers trade secrets or other Confidential Information that Executive may have
acquired in the course of Executives employment.

9. Disclosure
and Ownership of Work Related Intellectual Property. Executive shall disclose fully to
Employer any and all intellectual property (including, without limitation, inventions, processes,
improvements to inventions and processes, and enhancements to inventions and processes, whether
or not patentable, trade secrets, formulae, data and computer programs, related documentation
and all forms of copyrightable subject matter) that Executive conceives, develops or makes,
alone or jointly with others, during the term of Executives employment and that in
whole or in part result from or relate to Executives work for Employer (collectively,
Work Related Intellectual Property). Any such disclosure shall be made promptly
after each item of Work Related Intellectual Property is conceived, developed or made by
Executive, whichever is sooner. Executive acknowledges that all Work Related Intellectual
Property that is copyrightable shall be work made for hire and shall be automatically
owned by Employer. Further, Executive hereby assigns to Employer any and all rights, title
and interest which Executive has or may have in Work Related Intellectual Property, whether
or not patentable or copyrightable under applicable law, and any associated know-how, moral
rights, or other intellectual property rights (Proprietary Rights). If any
Work Related Intellectual Property embodies or reflects any preexisting rights of Executive,
Executive hereby grants to Employer the irrevocable, perpetual, nonexclusive, worldwide,
and royalty-free license to use, reproduce, display, perform, distribute copies of and prepare
derivative works based upon such preexisting rights and to authorize others to do any or
all of the foregoing. Further, Executive will execute, verify and deliver such documents
and perform such other acts (including appearances as a witness) as Employer may reasonably
request for use in applying for, obtaining, perfecting, evidencing, sustaining and enforcing
any right, title and interest in and to any Work Related Intellectual Property and any Proprietary
Rights. In addition, Executive will execute, verify and deliver assignments of such Proprietary
Rights to Employer or its designee at Employers request. Executives obligation
to assist Employer with respect to Proprietary Rights relating to Work Related Intellectual
Property shall continue beyond the cessation of Executives employment. Employer shall
reimburse Executive for reasonable expenses actually incurred by Executive in the course
of providing such assistance at Employers request.

10. Covenant
Not to Compete. Throughout any period during which Executive is an employee of the Employer,
and for a period of twelve (12) months from and after the date upon which Executive shall
cease for any reason whatsoever to be an employee of the Employer, Executive covenants and
agrees that Executive will not engage, in any Restricted Capacity, in any business that is
in Competition with the Employer within the Restricted Area. For purposes of this Agreement,
the Restricted Capacity shall be any capacity which involves the performance
of managerial, supervisory, development, marketing or sales duties substantially similar
to any of Executives material duties for the Employer during the most recent twelve
(12) months of employment with the Employer. For purposes of this Agreement, a business is
in Competition with the Employer if it engages in the business of developing,
designing, manufacturing, distributing, promoting, importing, selling or providing the same
or substantially similar wood, metal or upholstered residential furniture products at price
points the Employer has provided to its customers during the most recent twelve (12) months
of Executives employment with the Employer. For purposes of this Agreement, the Restricted
Area shall be the geographic territory consisting of the United States of America.
Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive has and will continue to assist Employer
to engage in its business in the territory described in the preceding sentence and therefore
such territory is necessary and reasonable for the covenants in this Section.

5

Notwithstanding
the preceding, Executive may own less than two percent (2%) of any class of securities registered pursuant to the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, of any corporation engaged in Competition with Employer so long as Executive does not otherwise participate
in the management or operation of any such business, or violate any other provision of this Agreement.

11. Non-Solicitation
of Customers. Executive agrees that during the term of this Agreement, and for a period
of twelve (12) months thereafter, regardless of the circumstances of the termination or any
claim that Executive may have against Employer under this Agreement or otherwise, Executive
will not:

a. directly
or indirectly solicit or participate in the solicitation of any person or entity who, during
the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the date upon which Executives
employment with the Employer ceased, paid or engaged the Employer for products or services
of any type (Customer) to withdraw, curtail or cancel its business with the
Employer or do any other act which may result in the impairment of the relationship between
any Customer and the Employer;

b. for
the benefit of a business in Competition with the Employer, agree to perform or perform services,
or agree to sell or sell products, of any type that the Employer offered, sold, or provided
to any Customer during the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the date upon which
Executives employment with the Employer ceased;

c. directly
or indirectly induce any supplier, vendor, or other business relation of Employer to cease
doing business in whole or in part with Employer; or

d. for
Executive or for the benefit of another, induce or influence, or attempt to induce or influence,
any person who is an employee, agent, independent contractor, partner, officer or director
of the Employer and with whom Executive had material contact or whose identity Executive
learned in the course of employment with Employer to terminate his or her relationship with
the Employer.

e. Executive
acknowledges and agrees that, as a result of Executives position, Executive is responsible
for oversight of Employers relationships with, and/or accesses and uses Confidential
Information concerning, all Customers of Employer. As such, Executive expressly acknowledges
and agrees that the restrictions in this Section are reasonable and necessary to protect
Employers legitimate interests and Customer goodwill.

12. Non-Disparagement.
During Executives employment with Employer and at all times thereafter, Executive
shall not, in any manner, directly or indirectly make or publish any statement (orally or
in writing) that would libel, slander, disparage, denigrate, ridicule or criticize Employer,
any of its subsidiaries, or any of its officers, directors, or management employees. For
the avoidance of doubt, this clause does not apply to Executives communications with
members of Employers Board of Directors.

6

13. Remedies
and Equitable Relief. Executive acknowledges and agrees that a breach of any of the covenants
made by Executive in Sections 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 above would cause irreparable harm to Employer
or any of its affiliates for which there would be no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly,
in the event of any threatened or actual breach of any such covenant, Executive agrees that
Employer shall be entitled to enforce any such covenant by injunctive and other appropriate
equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction, in addition to all other remedies
available. If Executive breaches Sections 10 or 11 above, the duration of the period identified
shall be computed from the date Executive resumes compliance with the covenant or from the
date Employer is granted injunctive or other equitable relief by a court of competent jurisdiction
enforcing the covenant, whichever shall first occur, reduced by the number of days Executive
was not in breach of the covenant after termination of employment, or any delay in filing
suit, whichever is greater. To the extent allowed under state law, Employer shall have the
right to set off or withhold any amount owed to Executive by Employer or any of its affiliates
for any amount owed to Employer as a result of Executives breach or threatened breach
of this Agreement. If any judicial or other proceeding is brought to enforce or interpret
the terms of this Agreement, the party that prevails in such proceeding shall be entitled
to recover its costs, expenses and fees (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred
in such proceeding.

14. Protected
Rights and Government Agencies. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the
contrary, nothing in this Agreement limits Executives right to file a charge with,
to participate in a proceeding by, to give testimony to, or to communicate with a court,
legislative body, administrative agency, government agency or government official, including
without limitation the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, nothing in this Agreement
limits Executives rights under any applicable workplace transparency statute, if any.
In the event Executive becomes legally compelled to disclose Confidential Information pursuant
to any subpoena, summons, order, or other judicial or government process, Executive shall
provide Employer with prompt notice thereof so that Employer may seek a protective order
or other appropriate remedy or waive compliance with the relevant provisions of this Agreement.
In the event Employer does not obtain such protective order or other remedy or does not grant
a waiver, Executive shall disclose only such Confidential Information as Executive is legally
required to disclose.

15. DTSA
Notice. Executive is advised and understands that the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act
of 2016 provides that an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under
any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (i) is made
(A) in confidence to a federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly,
or to any attorney; and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or
other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

16. Certain
Defenses Waived. The existence of any claim or cause of action of Executive against Employer,
whether predicated on this Agreement or not, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement
by Employer of the restrictions, covenants and agreements contained herein.

7

17. Assignment.
Employer may assign this Agreement to any other entity acquiring all or substantially all
of the assets or stock of Employer or to any other entity into which or with which Employer
may be merged or consolidated. Upon such assignment, merger, or consolidation, the rights
of Employer under this Agreement, as well as the obligations and liabilities of Employer
hereunder, shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the assignee, successor-in-interest,
or transferee of Employer and Employer shall have no further obligations or liabilities hereunder.
By signing this Agreement, Executive hereby expressly consents to any such assignment or
transfer by Employer, and no such assignment or transfer shall in any manner restrict, terminate,
limit, or modify the obligations of Executive under this Agreement. This Agreement is not
assignable in any respect by Executive.

18. Severability;
Invalid Provisions. It is not the intention of either Party to violate any public policy,
or any statutory or common law. If any sentence, paragraph, clause or combination of the
same in this Agreement is found unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such
sentence, paragraph, clause or combination of the same shall be void in the jurisdictions
where it is unlawful, and the remainder of the Agreement shall remain binding on the Parties.
However, the Parties agree, and it is their desire that a court should substitute for each
such illegal, invalid or unenforceable covenant a reasonable and judicially-enforceable limitation
in its place, and that as so modified the covenant shall be as fully enforceable as if set
forth herein by the Parties themselves in the modified form.

19. Entire
Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the Parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be amended in whole or
in part only by an instrument in writing setting forth the particulars of such amendment
and duly executed by both Parties.

20. Multiple
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which
will be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

21. Governing
Law and Venue. The validity, construction, interpretation and enforceability of this
Agreement and the capacity of the parties shall be determined and governed by the laws of
the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to the conflict of law rules contained therein.
Employer and Executive hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts having jurisdiction over Martinsville, Virginia in connection with any action, suit,
or other proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executives employment
with Employer. Employer and Executive agree not to assert in any such action, suit, or proceeding
brought in any such court any defenses or lack of personal jurisdiction, improper venue,
or inconvenient forum.

8

22. Taxes.
All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to the Employers withholding
of all required foreign, federal, state and local income and employment/payroll taxes, and
all payments shall be net of such tax withholding. The parties intend that any payment under
this Agreement shall, to the extent subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended (Code Section 409A) be paid in compliance with Code Section
409A and the Treasury Regulations thereunder such that there shall be no adverse tax consequences,
interest, or penalties as a result of the payments, and the parties shall interpret the Agreement
in accordance with Code Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. Without limiting
the foregoing: (a) each installment of any such payment shall be treated as a separate payment
for purposes of Code Section 409A; (b) each installment of any such payment that is payable
as a result of the Executives termination of employment shall not be paid unless and
until the Executives separation from service (within the meaning of
Code Section 409A); (c) if such payment is payable as a result of the Executives separation
from service, and the Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning
of Code Section 409A) at the time of such separation from service, then any installment of
such payment that would otherwise be paid to the Executive within six months following such
separation from service shall be delayed and paid to the Executive (or the Executives
estate, as applicable) in a single lump sum on the earlier of (i) the first day of the seventh
month following such separation from service or (ii) the date of the Executives death,
with any remaining installments to be paid in accordance with the original payment schedule
as if no delay had occurred; (d) if any such payment is conditioned upon the Executives
executing and not revoking a release of claims, and the period during which the Executive
can execute or revoke such release begins in one calendar year and ends in the following
calendar year, then no such payment shall be paid to the Executive until the later of (i)
the first day of such second calendar year or (ii) the date on which such release becomes
effective; and (e) if any expense reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided to the Executive
under this Agreement is subject to Code Section 409A, then: (i) the amount of expense eligible
for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during each calendar year cannot affect
the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other
calendar year; (ii) any reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be paid to the Executive
on or before the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense
was incurred; and (iii) any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement
shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. For the avoidance of
doubt, the parties intend that all amounts payable under this Agreement shall be exempt from
Code Section 409A under the short-term deferral exemption, the exemption for separation pay
due upon an involuntary separation from service, or other available exemption. The parties
agree to modify this Agreement or the timing (but not the amount) of any payment to the extent
necessary to comply with Code Section 409A, or an exemption therefrom, and avoid application
of any taxes, penalties, or interest thereunder. However, in the event that the payments
under the Agreement are subject to any taxes (including, without limitation, those specified
in Code Section 409A), the Executive shall be solely liable for the payment of any such taxes.

[The
remainder of this page intentionally left blank.]

9

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first written above.

Employer

By: /s/ Jeremy R. Hoff

Chief Executive Officer and Director

Executive

/s/ Anne J. Smith

Anne J. Smith

10
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>hoft-20241209.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>hoft-20241209_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>hoft-20241209_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Dec. 09, 2024

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K/A

Amendment Flag true

Amendment Description Amendment No. 1 to Form 8-K

Document Period End Date Dec. 09, 2024

Entity File Number 000-25349

Entity Registrant Name HOOKER FURNISHINGS CORPORATION

Entity Central Index Key 0001077688

Entity Tax Identification Number 54-0251350

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code VA

Entity Address, Address Line One 440 East Commonwealth Boulevard

Entity Address, City or Town Martinsville

Entity Address, State or Province VA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 24112

City Area Code (276)

Local Phone Number 632-2133

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, no par value

Trading Symbol HOFT

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Description of changes contained within amended document.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentDescription

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
23 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://hookerfurniture.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

hoft-20241209.xsd 
hoft-20241209_lab.xml 
hoft-20241209_pre.xml 
hoft8ka120924.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001185185-25-000159-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>hoft8ka120924_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001077688 

2024-12-09 
2024-12-09 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

true 
Amendment No. 1 to Form 8-K 
0001077688 
8-K/A 
2024-12-09 
HOOKER FURNISHINGS CORPORATION 
VA 
000-25349 
54-0251350 
440 East Commonwealth Boulevard 
Martinsville 
VA 
24112 
(276) 
632-2133 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, no par value 
HOFT 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>