<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001829126-25-002001.txt : 20250324
<SEC-HEADER>0001829126-25-002001.hdr.sgml : 20250324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250324110349
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-25-002001
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250321
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001130166
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		EIN:				911766850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50626
		FILM NUMBER:		25762912

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CONNELL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BERKELEY HEIGHTS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07922
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-517-7330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CONNELL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			BERKELEY HEIGHTS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07922

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	XCYTE THERAPIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001218
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>cyclacel_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false--12-31000113016600011301662025-03-212025-03-210001130166cycc:CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember2025-03-212025-03-210001130166cycc:PreferredStock0.001ParValueMember2025-03-212025-03-21iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date
of earliest event reported): March 21, 2025

CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 0-50626 91-1707622

(State or other
jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

Level 10, Tower 11, Avenue 5,The Horizon

Bangsar South City, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200,Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia

(Address Of Principal Executive Offices And Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (908) 517-7330

200 Connell Drive, Suite 1500

Berkeley Heights, NJ 07922

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General
Instruction A.2. below):

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share CYCC The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value CYCCP The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement.

Securities Purchase Agreement

On March 21, 2025, Cyclacel
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement)
with certain accredited investors (the Investors), pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase from the Company 1,000,000
shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series E Preferred Stock) of the Company at a purchase price of $1.00
per share for aggregate gross proceeds of $1 million, subject to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement. The proceeds of the
transaction will be used for general corporate and operating purposes.

The Investors agreed to invest
$1,000,000 at the closing of the transactions under the Purchase Agreement in exchange for 1,000,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock,
which occurred on or about March 21, 2025 (the Closing).

Each
share of Series E Preferred Stock is convertible into 110 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common
Stock). In no event will the Series E Preferred Stock be convertible into Common Stock in a manner that would result in each Investor
or their transferees or their affiliates holding more than the lower of (i) the maximum percentage of the number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series E
Preferred Stock that can be issued to the holder without requiring a vote of the stockholders of the Company under the rules and regulations
of The Nasdaq Capital Market (Nasdaq); and (ii) 4.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before
the original issue date (the Series E Ownership Limitation), prior to the date that the Companys stockholders approve
the issuance of shares of Common Stock to the Investors upon conversion of the Series E Preferred Stock.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement,
the Company filed a certificate of designations (the Series E Certificate of Designations) with the Secretary of State of
Delaware designating the rights, preferences and limitations of the shares of the Series E Preferred Stock on March 21, 2025. The Series
E Certificate of Designations provides, in particular, that the Series E Preferred Stock will vote together with the Common Stock on an
as-converted basis, subject to the Series E Ownership Limitation, subject further to adjustments for any stock splits, stock dividends,
stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions.

The
holders of Series E Preferred Stock will be entitled to participate in any dividends made on shares of Common Stock (on an as-converted
basis) if and when such dividends are declared. Upon any liquidation or sale of the Company or all or substantially all of its assets,
the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive pari passu with the other holders of preferred stock, prior to
and in preference to any distribution to holders of Common Stock, an amount equal to $1.00 per share, the stated value of the Series
E Preferred Stock, then held by them plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. Thereafter, the remaining assets of the Company will be distributed
to the holders of Common Stock until such holders receive a return of their capital originally contributed, and thereafter, any remaining
assets will be distributed to all holders of Common Stock and preferred stock pro rata based on the number of shares held on an as-converted
basis.

The Company agreed to attempt
to hold a special meeting of stockholders, which will include, among other things, proposals for (i) the issuance of all of the Common
Stock to the Investors in compliance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth
in the Series E Certificate of Designations), and (ii) an increase in the authorized shares of Common Stock to a minimum of 600,000,000.

The representations, warranties
and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Purchase Agreement and may be
subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties. Accordingly, the Purchase Agreement is incorporated herein by reference
only to provide information regarding the terms of the Purchase Agreement, and not to provide any other factual information regarding
the Company or its business, and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures in the Companys periodic reports and other
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission).

The
foregoing description of the Purchase Agreement and the Series E Certificate of Designations do not purport to be complete and are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Series E Certificate of Designations and the Purchase Agreement which are filed
as Exhibits 3.1 and 10.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.

1

Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The
disclosure required by this Item and included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference. The shares of
Series E Preferred Stock (and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof) are being sold without registration under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), in reliance on the exemption provided by Regulation S (Regulation
S) of the Securities Act, which permits offers or sales of securities by the Company outside of the United States that are not
made to U.S. Persons or for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person, as that term is defined in Rule 902
of Regulation S.

Item 3.03. Material Modifications to Rights
of Security Holders.

The disclosure required by
this Item and included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

The disclosure required by
this Item and included in Item 1.01 of this Current Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.01. Other Events.

On March 24, 2025, the Company
issued a press release announcing the entry into the Purchase Agreement. A copy of such press release is attached to this Current Report
on Form 8-K as Exhibits 99.1.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form
8-K contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to be materially
different from historical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements include, among other things, statements related to the receipt of stockholder approval to issue the shares of common stock
pursuant to the contemplated transactions. You are urged to consider statements that include the words may, will,
would, could, should, believes, estimates, projects,
potential, expects, plans, anticipates, intends, continues,
forecast, designed, goal, or the negative of those words or other comparable words to be uncertain
and forward-looking. These risks and uncertainties include the risk that the Company may not be successful in receiving the stockholder
approval contemplated, and the other risks described more fully in Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals filings with the Commission, including
the Risk Factors section of the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023 and its
other documents subsequently filed with or furnished to the Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024.
For a further list and description of the risks and uncertainties the Company faces, please refer to our most recent Annual Report on
Form 10-K and other periodic filings we file with the Commission that are available at www.sec.gov. Such forward-looking statements are
current only as of the date they are made, and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise. 

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number Description 

3.1 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series E Preferred Stock

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025, by and between the Company and the Investors

99.1 Press release dated March 24, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File

2

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Date: March 24, 2025 Cyclacel
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By: /s/
Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee

Name: Datuk
Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>cyclacel_ex3-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS, PREFERENCES,

RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS

OF

SERIES E CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

PURSUANT TO SECTION 151 OF THE

DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

The undersigned, Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee, does hereby certify that:

1. She is the Chief Executive Officer of Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Corporation).

2. The Corporation is authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock.

3. The following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the Board of Directors):

WHEREAS, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended, provides for a class of its authorized capital stock known as preferred stock, consisting of 5,000,000 shares, $0.001 par value per share, issuable from time to time in one or more series;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors is authorized to provide for the issuance of the shares of preferred stock in series and to establish, from time to time, the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the number, designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereon; and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Directors, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating to a series of the preferred stock;

RESOLVED, that the chief executive officer, the president or any vice-president, and the secretary or any assistant secretary, of the Corporation be and they hereby are authorized and directed to prepare and file this Certificate of Designations, Preferences, Rights and Limitations in accordance with the foregoing resolution and the provisions of Delaware law;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of a series of preferred stock to be designated the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock and does hereby fix and determine the number rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating to such series of preferred stock as follows:

TERMS OF PREFERRED STOCK

Section 1. Definitions. For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d).

Business Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.

Bylaws means the amended and restated bylaws of the Corporation, as they may be amended from time to time.

Certificate of Designations means this Certificate of Designations relating to the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock), as it may be amended from time to time.

Certificate of Incorporation shall mean the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as it may be amended from time to time, and shall include this Certificate of Designations.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the Corporations common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Corporation or its subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Conversion Amount means the sum of the Stated Value at issue.

Conversion Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Conversion Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof.

Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Fundamental Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting principles.

Holder shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

Liquidation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.

New York Courts shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(d).

Notice of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).

Original Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers of any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence such Preferred Stock.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.

2

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Share Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c).

Stated Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2, as the same may be increased pursuant to Section 3.

Successor Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d).

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the NYSE MKT or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transfer Agent means Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, and any successor transfer agent of the Corporation.

Section 2. Designation, Amount and Par Value. The series of preferred stock shall be designated as the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock) and the number of shares so designated shall be 1,000,000 (which shall not be subject to change without the written consent of a majority of the holders of the Preferred Stock (each, a Holder and collectively, the Holders)). Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.001 per share and a stated value equal to $1.00 (the Stated Value).

Section 3. Dividends. Except for stock dividends or distributions for which adjustments are to be made pursuant to Section 7, Holders shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, dividends on shares of Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis, without regard to conversion limitations herein) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of the Common Stock. No other dividends shall be paid on shares of Preferred Stock. The Corporation shall not pay any dividends on the Common Stock unless the Corporation simultaneously complies with this provision.

Section 4. Voting Rights. The Preferred Stock shall be counted (on an as-converted basis) for purposes of determining a quorum at a meeting of stockholders and shall vote on matters of the Corporation on an as-if-converted-to-Common-Stock basis, subject to the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and further subject to adjustments for any stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations, recapitalizations or other similar transactions following the date hereof. Any vote or consent of the stockholders may be taken either by vote at a meeting called for the purpose or by written consent without a meeting and in either case may be given in person or by proxy. The rules and procedures for calling and conducting any meeting of the stockholders (including, without limitation, the fixing of a record date in connection therewith), the solicitation and use of proxies at such a meeting, the obtaining of written consents and any other aspect or matter with regard to such a meeting or such consents shall be governed by any rules the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors, in its discretion, may adopt from time to time, which rules and procedures shall conform to the requirements of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws and applicable law.

Section 5. Liquidation Preference.

(a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, subject to the rights of any existing series of preferred stock or to the rights of any series of preferred stock which may from time to time hereafter come into existence, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock by reason of their ownership thereof, the Stated Value per share of Preferred Stock then held by them, plus declared but unpaid dividends. If, upon the occurrence of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets and funds thus distributed among the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be insufficient to permit the payment to such holders of the full aforesaid preferential amounts, then, subject to the rights of any existing series of preferred stock or to the rights of any series of preferred stock which may from time to time hereafter come into existence, the entire assets and funds of the Corporation legally available for distribution shall be distributed ratably among the holders of each series of preferred stock in proportion to the preferential amount each such holder is otherwise entitled to receive.

3

(b) Upon the completion of the distribution required by Section 5(a) above and any other distribution that may be required with respect to the rights of any existing series of preferred stock or to the rights of any series of preferred stock which may from time to time hereafter come into existence, if assets remain in the Corporation, the remaining assets shall be distributed to the holders of the Common Stock until such time as the holders of the Common stock shall have received a return of the capital originally contributed thereby. Thereafter, if assets remain in the Corporation, all remaining assets shall be distributed to all holders of Common Stock and to each series of Preferred Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares of Common Stock held by each (assuming conversion of all such Preferred Stock into Common Stock).

(c) For purposes of this Section 5, a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation shall be deemed to be occasioned by, or to include, (i) the acquisition of the Corporation by another entity by means of any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger or consolidation, but excluding any merger effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Corporation); or (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, unless the Corporations stockholders of record as constituted immediately prior to such acquisition or sale will, immediately after such acquisition or sale (by virtue of securities issued as consideration for the Corporations acquisition or sale or otherwise) hold at least fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving or acquiring entity in approximately the same relative percentages after such acquisition or sale as before such acquisition or sale.

(d) In any of the events specified in subsection (c) above, if the consideration received by the corporation is other than cash, its value will be deemed its fair market value. Any securities shall be valued as follows:

(i) Securities not subject to restrictions on free marketability:

(A) If traded on a securities exchange, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange over the thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing;

(B) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable) over the thirty-day period ending three (3) days prior to the closing; and

(C) If there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

(ii) The method of valuation of securities subject to restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of a stockholders status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount from the market value determined as above in (i) (A), (B) or (C) to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as mutually determined by the Corporation and the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.

(iii) In the event the requirements of Section 2(c) are not complied with, the Corporation shall forthwith either:

(A) cause such closing to be postponed until such time as the requirements of this Section 5 have been complied with; or

(B) cancel such transaction, in which event the rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of the Preferred Stock shall revert to and be the same as such rights, preferences and privileges existing immediately prior to the date of the first notice referred to in Section 5(c)(iv) hereof.

4

(iv) The Corporation shall give each holder of record of Preferred Stock written notice of such impending transaction not later than twenty (20) days prior to the stockholders meeting called to approve such transaction, or twenty (20) days prior to the closing of such transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of such transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material terms and conditions of the impending transaction and the provisions of this Section 5, and the Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes. The transaction shall in no event take place sooner than twenty (20) days after the Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein or sooner than ten (10) days after the corporation has given notice of any material changes provided for herein; provided, however, that time periods set forth in this paragraph may be shortened upon the written consent of the holders of Preferred Stock that are entitled to such notice rights or similar notice rights and that represent at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of such Preferred Stock.

Section 6. Conversion.

a) Conversions at Option of Holder. Each one share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time from and after the Original Issue Date at the option of the Holder thereof, into one hundred ten (110) shares of Common Stock (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6(c)) (the Conversion Ratio). Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (a Notice of Conversion). Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent to the conversion at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may not be prior to the date the applicable Holder delivers by facsimile or email such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such date, the Conversion Date). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. The calculations and entries set forth in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. To effect conversions of shares of Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender the certificate(s) representing the shares of Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless all of the shares of Preferred Stock represented thereby are so converted, in which case such Holder shall deliver the certificate representing such shares of Preferred Stock promptly following the Conversion Date at issue. Shares of Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof shall be canceled and shall not be reissued.

b) Mechanics of Conversion.

i. Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. Not later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) after each Conversion Date (the Share Delivery Date), the Corporation shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder (A) the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends, if any. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Corporations primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Notice(s) of Conversion delivered by 12:00 pm (New York time) on the Original Issue Date, the Corporation agrees to deliver the Conversion Shares subject to such notice(s) by 4:00 pm (New York time) on the Original Issue Date.

ii. Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares. If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Corporation at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Corporation shall promptly return to the Holder any original Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and the Holder shall promptly return to the Corporation the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Notice of Conversion.

5

iii. Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages. The Corporations obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by a Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by such Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law by such Holder or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation to such Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided, however, that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against such Holder. If the Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 6(b)(i) by the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, the Corporation shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000.00 of Stated Value of Preferred Stock being converted, per Trading Day for each Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue actual damages for the Corporations failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein, and such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit a Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law.

iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion. In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Corporation fails for any reason to deliver to a Holder the applicable Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 6(b)(i), and if after such Share Delivery Date such Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holders brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of the Conversion Shares which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In), then the Corporation shall (A) pay in cash to such Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by such Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) such Holders total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of such Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Preferred Stock submitted for conversion (in which case, such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 6(b)(i). For example, if a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of shares of Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Corporation shall be required to pay such Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Corporation written notice indicating the amounts payable to such Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Corporation, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holders right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Corporations failure to timely deliver Conversion Shares upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock as required pursuant to the terms hereof.

v. Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. Until no shares of Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the Corporation covenants that, subject to any required stockholder approval in accordance with Delaware General Corporation Law, it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Preferred Stock), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 7) upon the conversion of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. The Corporation covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

6

vi. RESERVED

vii. Transfer Taxes and Expenses. The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of the Preferred Stock shall be made without charge to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax has been paid. The Corporation shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion and all fees to the DTC (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares.

c) Beneficial Ownership Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Corporation shall not effect any conversion of the Preferred Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right to vote or convert any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holders Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with such Holder or any of such Holders Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties)) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below); provided, that, following a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Trading Market on which the Common Stock trades on such date and applicable securities laws to approve the removal of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, a Holder shall have the right to convert any portion of the Preferred Stock, and the Corporation may effect any such conversion of the Preferred Stock. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Stated Value of Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Preferred Stock) beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 6(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 6(c) applies, the determination of whether the Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of how many shares of Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be such Holders determination of whether the shares of Preferred Stock may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and how many shares of the Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to represent to the Corporation each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such conversion will not violate the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such representation. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 6(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely solely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in a written notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request (which may be via email) of a Holder, the Corporation shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including the Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall mean, as of any date, the lower of (X) the maximum percentage of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock that can be issued to the Holder without requiring a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation under the rules and regulations of the Trading Market on which the Common Stock trades on such date and applicable securities laws; and, (Y) 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately before the Original Issue Date. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 6(c) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of Preferred Stock.

7

Section 7. Certain Adjustments.

a) Stock Dividends and Stock Splits. If the Corporation, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation upon conversion of, or payment of a dividend on, this Preferred Stock), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Corporation, then the number of shares of Common Stock each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible into shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification.

b) Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) above, if at any time the Corporation grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such Holders Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

c) Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation declares or makes any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution), at any time after the issuance of this Preferred Stock, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent that the Holders right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).

8

d) Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, (i) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another Person, (ii) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Corporation or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction), then, upon any subsequent conversion of the Preferred Stock by the Holder thereof, the Holder shall receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of the Preferred Stock), the number of shares of common stock (as applicable) of the successor or acquiring corporation or the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation (as applicable), if it is the surviving corporation, and all additional securities (equity or debt), cash, property or other consideration (all such additional consideration, the Alternate Consideration), receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which such Holders Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of the Preferred Stock). If holders of Common Stock are entitled to elect the proportion of securities, cash, property or other consideration to be received by holders of Common Stock in a Fundamental Transaction, then each Holder of Preferred Stock shall be given the same choice as to the proportion of securities, cash, property or other consideration such Holder is entitled to receive upon any conversion of such Holders shares of Preferred Stock following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Corporation or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall file a new Certificate of Designations in respect of a new series of preferred stock of the successor or acquiring corporation, or the Corporation, if it is the surviving corporation, setting forth the same rights, preferences, privileges and other terms contained in this Certificate of Designations in respect of the Preferred Stock, including, without limitation, the provisions contained in this Section 7(d) and evidencing, among other things, the Holders right to convert such new preferred stock into Alternate Consideration. The Corporation shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Corporation is not the survivor (the Successor Entity) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designations in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of a Holder of Preferred Stock, deliver to such Holder in exchange for such Holders Preferred Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to the Preferred Stock which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of the Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of the Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder(s) thereof. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designations referring to the Corporation shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Corporation and shall assume all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designations with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Corporation herein. For the avoidance of doubt, if, at any time while any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, a Fundamental Transaction occurs, pursuant to the terms of this Section 7(d), a Holder of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to receive any consideration in such Fundamental Transaction in respect of such Holders shares of Preferred Stock, except as provided for in this Certificate of Designations (or any new Certificate of Designations in respect of a new series of preferred stock issued to the Holders of Preferred Stock as contemplated hereby).

9

e) Intentionally Omitted.

f) Notice to the Holders.

i. Adjustment to Conversion Amount. Whenever the number of shares of Common Stock that the shares of Preferred Stock are convertible into is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 7, the Corporation shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment.

ii. Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder. If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Corporation shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Corporation shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Corporation is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered to each Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Corporation or any of the Subsidiaries, the Corporation shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert the Conversion Amount of this Preferred Stock (or any part hereof) during the 15-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein.

Section 8. Miscellaneous.

a) Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, email address or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Corporation at:

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Level 10, Tower 11, Ave. 5, No. 8 Jalan Kerinchi

Bangsar South, Wilayah Persekutuan

Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, 59200

Attention: Chief Executive Officer

Email: info@cyclacel.com

10

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Debbie Klis, Esq.

Rimon Law, P.C.

1050 Connecticut Ave NW, Suite 500

Washington D.C. 20036

E-mail: debbie.klis@rimonlaw.com

or such other facsimile number or address (physical or email) as the Corporation may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders delivered in accordance with this Section 8. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Corporation hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, by email attachment or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number, email address or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such facsimile number, email address or address appears on the books of the Corporation, at the principal place of business of such Holder. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email attachment at the facsimile number or email address set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile or email attachment at the facsimile number or email address set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the Person to whom such notice is required to be given. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate of Designations, where this Certificate of Designations provides for notice of any event to a Holder, if the Preferred Stock is held in global form by DTC (or any successor depositary), such notice may be delivered via DTC (or such successor depositary) pursuant to the procedures of DTC (or such successor depositary).

b) Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designations shall alter or impair the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages and accrued dividends, as applicable, on the shares of Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.

c) Lost or Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate. If a Holders Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated certificate, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares of Preferred Stock so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such certificate, and of the ownership hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation.

d) Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designations shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each of the Corporation and each Holder agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Certificate of Designations (whether brought against the Corporation, a Holder or any of their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Wilmington, Delaware (the Delaware Courts). Each of the Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such Delaware Courts, or such Delaware Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each of the Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such Person at the address in effect for notices to it under this Certificate of Designation and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each of the Corporation and each Holder hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Certificate of Designations or the transactions contemplated hereby. If the Corporation or any Holder shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designations, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding.

11

e) Waiver. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designations shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of Designations or a waiver by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designations on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that Person (or any other Holder) of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designations on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder must be in writing.

f) Severability. If any provision of this Certificate of Designations is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate of Designations shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law.

g) Next Business Day. Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.

h) Headings. The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designations and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

i) Status of Converted Preferred Stock. If any shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as Series E Convertible Preferred Stock.

12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Certificate this 21st day of March 2025.

CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

By: /s/ Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee

Name: Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee

Title: Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation

13
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cyclacel_ex10-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of March 21, 2025 (the Effective Date), between Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), and _______, an individual (the Purchaser).

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to the applicable regulations under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more fully described in this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, it is also understood by the parties that the Company is entering into this Agreement in order to provide for the issuance and sale by the Company of the Securities (as defined below) in an offshore transaction within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1.

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the Certificate of Designations (as defined herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring Person shall have the meaning given such term in Section 4.8.

Action shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company or any authorized committee thereof.

Business Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally open for use by customers on such day.

Certificate of Designations means the Certificate of Designations of the Series E Preferred Stock to be filed prior to the Closing by the Company with the Secretary of State of Delaware, in the form of Exhibit A, attached hereto.

Closing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.

Closing Date means, with respect to each Closing, the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents with respect to the applicable Closing, have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Purchase Price and (ii) the Companys obligations to deliver the Securities, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Company Party means all directors, officers, stockholders, employees, agents, and representatives, including those directors comprising of the current board of the Company.

Conversion Price shall have the meaning given such term in the Certificates of Designation.

Conversion Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof.

Disclosure Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

Evaluation Date shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(r).

Exchange Act shall have the meaning given such term in the recitals.

FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

GAAP shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(h).

2

Indebtedness shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(z).

Liens means an adverse claim, lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, or preemptive right.

Material Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b).

Material Permits shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(n).

Maximum Rate shall have the meaning given such term in Section 5.16.

Person means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Preferred Stock means the number of shares of the Companys Series E Convertible Preferred Stock issued as set forth in the Certificate of Designations, having the rights, preferences and privileges therein, in the form set forth in Exhibit A.

Proceeding means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or, to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing, against the Company before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental, or administrative agency or regulatory authority.

Prospectus means the final prospectus to be filed in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement.

Purchaser shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

Purchaser Party shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 4.11.

Purchase Price means Two Hundred Fifty Thousand dollars (U.S.$250,000), payable in accordance with the terms herein in immediately available funds.

Required Approvals shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(e).

Required Minimum means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock issuable or potentially issuable in the future pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including through the conversion of the Preferred Stock, ignoring any conversion and limits set forth in the Certificate of Designations.

Rule 144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

SEC Reports
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 3.1(h).

3

Securities means the Preferred Stock and the Conversion Shares.

Securities Act shall have the meaning given such term in the recitals.

Short Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

Subsidiary means any subsidiary of the Company and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the OTC (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the Certificate of Designations, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto, and any other documents or agreements executed by all or any of the Parties hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer Agent means EQ Shareowner Services (Equiniti), the current transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11219, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

VWAP means, for any date, the price determined as follows: (a) the weighted average daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for the five (5) Trading Days immediately preceding such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)).

ARTICLE 2.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1 Purchase of Preferred Stock. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase Two Hundred Fifty Thousand United States Dollars (U.S.$250,000) worth of shares of Series E Preferred Stock, at a price per share of $1.00, or Two Hundred Fifty Thousand (250,000) shares of Series E Preferred Stock. Each share of Series E Preferred Stock shall be convertible into 110 shares of Common Stock.

2.2 Closing. The Closing shall take place as set forth below (the Closing). On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the Purchaser shall transfer $250,000 in the manner set forth in Section 2.4(b)(i), and the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser 250,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock, and the Company and the Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth in Section 2.3 that are deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Section 2.4, the Closing shall take place remotely by electronic transfer of the Closing deliverables and documentation.

4

2.3 Deliverables.

(a) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser the following:

(i) a book-entry statement or share certificate evidencing issuance of the Series E Preferred Stock;

(ii) an as-filed Certificate of Designations for the Series E Preferred Stock, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A; and

(iii) a copy of resolutions of the Companys Board of Directors authorizing Companys execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement, including, inter alia, the authorization and issuance of the Securities.

(b) On or prior to the applicable Closing Date, the Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, the following:

(i) the Purchase Price by wire transfer to the account as specified in writing by the Company in Exhibit B.

2.4 Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on each Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such date);

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; and

(iii) the delivery by the Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.3(b).

(b) The obligations of the Purchaser hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i) the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on each Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate in all material respects or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, in all respects) as of such date);

5

(ii) all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the applicable Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii) the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.3 (a);

(iv) there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company; and

(v) trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the Companys Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared by the United States authorities nor shall there have occurred after the date of this Agreement any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable judgment of the Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase any of the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE 3.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports and the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to the Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect Subsidiaries of the Company, if any, and their respective jurisdictions of incorporation or organization are set forth in the SEC Reports. Other than as stated in the SEC Reports, the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and, all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.

(b) Organization and Qualification. The Company and, other than as set forth in the SEC Reports, each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Other than as set forth in the SEC Reports, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation,

6

bylaws or other
organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company, and other than as set forth in the SEC Reports, any Subsidiaries is duly qualified
to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good
standing, as the case may be, would not result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, liabilities or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and any Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect); provided, that a change in the market price or trading volume of the Common Stock alone shall not be deemed
to constitute a Material Adverse Effect; and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing
or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Company is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(d) No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to receipt of the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

7

(e) Filings, Consents and Approvals. Except as set forth in SEC Reports, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings and approvals required pursuant to Sections 4.7, 4.12 and 4.14, (ii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the Conversion Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iii) such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws, including an amendment to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation to increase the authorized shares of Common Stock of the Company to include the Conversion Shares (collectively, the Required Approvals).

(f) Issuance of the Securities. The Preferred Stock is duly designated (as applicable), authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable, free and clear of any Lien imposed by the Company. The Conversion Shares, upon issuance, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable, free and clear of any Lien imposed by the Company.

(g) Capitalization.
The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g)
shall also include the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the
date hereof. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of
participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as set
forth on Schedule 3.1(g) and as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options,
warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or
obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any
Common Stock or other securities, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary
is or may become bound to issue additional Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the Securities will
not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue Common Stock or other securities of the Company to any Person (other than the
Purchaser). Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any
Subsidiary with any provision that adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are
no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions,

8

and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any share appreciation rights or phantom share plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, have been issued in compliance in all material respects with all federal and state securities laws where applicable, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. Except for the Required Approvals, no further approval or authorization of any stockholder of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholder agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys share capital to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

(h) SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

9

(i) Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Since the date of the latest financial statements included within the SEC Reports, except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i) or except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting in any material respect, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending, before the Commission, any request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, or as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i), no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or any Subsidiary, or their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j) Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, Proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty that could result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or executive officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor Relations. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(k), no labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company, and the Company is not a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company believes that its relationships with its employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company is in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

10

(l) Compliance. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(l) of the Company Disclosure Schedules, the Company: (i) is not in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is not in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has, to the Companys knowledge, not been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Environmental Laws. To the knowledge of the Company, the Company (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply would be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n) Regulatory Permits. The Company possesses all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct its business as currently conducted, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material Permits), and the Company has not received any notice of Proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

11

(o) Title to Assets. The Company has good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by it and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities currently held under lease by the Company are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company are in compliance in all material respects.

(p) Offering Exemption. Subject to the accuracy of the representations of the Purchaser set forth in this Agreement, the offer, sale and issuance of the Securities to be issued in conformity with the terms of this Agreement constitute transactions which are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and from all applicable state registration or qualification requirements. The Company has implemented all necessary offering restrictions applicable to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement under Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act. Subject to the receipt of the Required Approvals and assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, the issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder will not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, the issuance and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchaser is exempt from the Prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws of the location of the Purchaser and no Prospectus or other document is required to be filed, under such applicable securities laws and no Proceeding is required to be taken and no approval, permit, consent or authorization of regulatory authorities is required to be obtained by the Company under such securities laws to permit such issuance and sale.

(q) Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for: (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

12

(r) Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries, if any, are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, except in each case as disclosed in the Companys SEC Reports. The Company maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company has established disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions rules and forms. The Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company that have materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(s) Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchaser shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(t) Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be or be an Affiliate of, required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not be required to register as an investment company subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(u) Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary.

13

(v) Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has taken no action designed to, or which to the Companys knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company has taken commercially reasonable efforts to reach compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements in the foreseeable future. The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with such electronic transfer.

(w) Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchaser as a result of the Purchasers and the Companys fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Companys issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities.

(x) Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information which has not been otherwise disclosed. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchaser regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including in the SEC Reports or the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, is true and correct, in all material respects, and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser neither makes nor has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(y) No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) any applicable stockholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated, or (ii) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act.

14

(z) Solvency. Based on the financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, the fair saleable value of the Companys assets (including the proceeds from the sale of Securities hereunder) exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Companys existing known debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature as of the Closing Date. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of fifty thousand U.S. dollars ($50,000) (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of fifty thousand U.S. dollars ($50,000) due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Company is not in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(aa) Tax Status. Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim.

(bb) Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, if any, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

15

(cc) Accountants and Lawyers. The Companys independent accounting firm was RSM US LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm: (i) was a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) expressed its opinion with respect to the financial statements that were included in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. The Companys current independent accounting firm is Bush & Associates CPA LLP. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

(dd) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that the Purchaser is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by the Purchaser or any of the Purchasers representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ee) Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company.

(ff) No General Solicitation or Directed Selling Efforts. Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising or directed selling efforts (as defined in Rule 902(c) of Regulation S). The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchaser.

(gg) Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys equity incentive plans was granted (i) in accordance with the terms of the Companys equity incentive plans and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the Companys equity incentive plans has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

16

(hh) Cybersecurity. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, (i)(x) there has been no security breach or other compromise of or relating to any of the Companys material information technology and computer systems, networks, hardware, software, data (including the data of its respective customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and any third party data maintained by or on behalf of the Company), equipment or technology (collectively, IT Systems and Data) and (y) the Company has not been notified in writing of, and has no knowledge of any event or condition that would reasonably be expected to result in, any security breach or other compromise to its IT Systems and Data; (ii) the Company is presently in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws or statutes and all judgments, orders, rules and regulations of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT Systems and Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Data from unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the Company has implemented and maintained commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain and protect its material confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security of all IT Systems and Data; and (iv) the Company has implemented backup and disaster recovery technology consistent with industry standards and practices.

(ii) Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(jj) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not or has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon the Purchasers request.

(kk) Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(ll) Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business.

17

(mm) Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in all material respects with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser. The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a) Organization; Authority. The Purchaser has the right and legal capacity to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by the Purchaser, and when delivered by the Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law.

(b) Understandings or Arrangements. The Purchaser is acquiring the Securities in compliance with applicable securities laws, and in the ordinary course of its business. The Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty not limiting such the Purchasers right to sell such Securities pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws).

(c) Purchaser Status. At the time the Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, it will be either (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act, or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. In addition, if the Purchaser has purchased the Securities pursuant to Regulation S, and the Purchaser represents and warrants that (i) at the time he, she or it was offered the Securities he, she or it was not, as of the date hereof it is not, and throughout the Closing Date he, she or it will continue not to be, a U.S. Person as that term is defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S, and (ii) he, she or it has, and will at all times have, executed all documents (including this Agreement) outside of the United States.

18

(d) General Solicitation. The Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser, any other general solicitation or general advertising. In addition, the Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a result of any directed selling efforts (as defined in Rule 902(c) of Regulation S) in the United States.

(e) Experience of Purchaser. The Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. The Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(f) Access to Information. The Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded, (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

(g) Certain
Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, the Purchaser has not
directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Purchaser, executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that the
Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth
the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Other than to
other Persons party to this Agreement, or to such Purchasers and/or transferees representatives, including, without
limitation, its officers, directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser and/or
transferee has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the
existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall
constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect
Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

19

ARTICLE 4.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Restrictive Legends. The Purchaser agrees that the Preferred Stock and the Conversion Shares, issued pursuant to exemptions from registration under the Securities Act, shall each bear legends stating that transfer of those Securities is restricted, substantially as follows:

THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY ARE BEING OFFERED TO INVESTORS WHO ARE NOT U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT)) AND WITHOUT REGISTRATION WITH THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT IN RELIANCE UPON REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY IS PROHIBITED, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. HEDGING TRANSACTIONS MAY NOT BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchasers expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities.

4.2 Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company acknowledges that the issuance of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market conditions. Subject to compliance with the terms of this Agreement, the Company further acknowledges that its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to issue the Conversion Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents when required in accordance with their terms, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against the Purchaser or any transferee thereof, and regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.

20

4.3 Furnishing of Information; Public Information.

(a) The Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, except in the event that the Company consummates (in each case on or after the date as of which the Purchasers may sell all of their Securities without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144): (a) any transaction or series of related transactions as a result of which any Person (together with its Affiliates) acquires then outstanding securities of the Company representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting control of the Company; (b) a merger or reorganization of the Company with one or more other entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity; or (c) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, where the consummation of such transaction results in the Company no longer being subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

(b) At any time commencing the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the Securities may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company (i) shall fail for any reason to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) or (ii) has ever been an issuer described in Rule 144 (i)(1)(i) or becomes an issuer in the future, and the Company shall fail to satisfy any condition set forth in Rule 144(i)(2) (a Public Information Failure) then, in addition to such Purchasers other available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities, an amount in cash equal to two percent (2.0%) of the Purchase Price on the day of a Public Information Failure and on every thirtieth (30th) day (prorated for periods totaling less than thirty days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information is no longer required for the Purchaser to transfer the Conversion Shares pursuant to Rule 144. The payments to which a Purchaser shall be entitled pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) are referred to herein as Public Information Failure Payments. Public Information Failure Payments shall be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the third (3rd) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the Public Information Failure Payments is cured. In the event the Company fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein shall limit such Purchasers right to pursue actual damages for the Public Information Failure, and such Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

21

4.4 Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require stockholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless stockholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

4.5 Conversion Procedures. The Purchaser agrees not to convert any of the Preferred Stock until the Required Approvals are obtained. The form of Notice of Conversion included in the Certificate of Designations sets forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchaser in order to convert the Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required in order to convert the Preferred Stock. No additional information or instructions shall be required of the Purchaser or transferee thereof to convert the Preferred Stock. The Company shall honor the conversions of the Preferred Stock and shall deliver Conversion Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents.

4.6 Bankruptcy. The Company shall not voluntarily initiate, or cause to be initiated, any bankruptcy proceeding for itself, unless required by applicable law. Notwithstanding the above, the Company may initiate such proceedings for any or all of its Subsidiaries.

4.7 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of
the transactions contemplated hereby and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press
release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether
written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees,
Affiliates or agents, and the Purchaser or any transferee thereof, shall terminate and be of no further force or effect. The Company
understands and confirms that Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the
Company. The Company and Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor the Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make
any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of the Purchaser, or without
the prior consent of the Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be
withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the
other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not
publicly disclose the name of the Purchaser, or include the name of the Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any
regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, except: (a) as required by federal
securities law in connection with the filing of final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such
disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the Purchaser with prior notice
of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b) and reasonably cooperate with the Purchaser regarding such disclosure.

22

4.8 Stockholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that the Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that the Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchaser.

4.9 Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Preferred Stock hereunder in its sole discretion not in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

4.10 Indemnification of the Company. Subject to the subsections of this Section 4.10, the Purchaser will indemnify and hold the Company and each Company Party harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Company Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Purchaser in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Company in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Company Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Company Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Company Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Company Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Company Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Company Party shall promptly notify the Purchaser in writing, and the Purchaser shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Company Party. Any Company Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Company Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Purchaser in writing, (ii) the Purchaser has failed within ten days after notice from the Company Party to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Purchaser and the position of such Company Party, in which case the Purchaser shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Purchaser will not be liable to any Company Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Company Party effected without the Purchasers prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Company Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Company Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.10 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Company Party against the Purchaser or others and any liabilities the Purchaser may be subject to pursuant to law.

23

4.11 Indemnification of Purchaser. Subject to the subsections of this Section 4.11, the Company will indemnify and hold the Purchaser and its directors, officers, stockholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed within twenty (20) days after notice from the Purchaser Party to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.11 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.12 Reservation and Listing of Securities.

(a) Except to the extent limited by the Companys authorized shares of Common Stock, the Company shall maintain a reserve from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Transaction Documents in such amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the Transaction Documents.

24

(b) If, on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than the Required Minimum on such date, then the Board of Directors shall include a proposal for an amendment to the Companys certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least the Required Minimum at a duly called meeting of the stockholders of the Company.

(c) The Company shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required by the principal Trading Market, prepare and file with such Trading Market an additional shares listing application covering a number of shares of Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date of such application, (ii) take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common Stock to be listed on such Trading Market as soon as possible thereafter, (iii) provide to the Purchaser evidence of such listing and (iv) use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the listing of such Common Stock on such Trading Market. The Company agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.13 Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. The Purchaser covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.7. The Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.7, the Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included in this Agreement and the Disclosure Schedules (other than as disclosed to its legal and other representatives). Notwithstanding the foregoing, and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Purchaser makes no representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.7; (ii) the Purchaser shall not be restricted or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.7; and (iii) the Purchaser shall have no duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the Company to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, Affiliates or agents after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.7. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Purchaser is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of the Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of the Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement.

4.14 Stockholder Approval. The Company agrees to convene a meeting of the stockholders of the Company to approve the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the removal of any beneficial ownership limits of the Securities and to increase the authorized shares of Common Stock to include the Conversion Shares.

25

ARTICLE 5.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Fees and Expenses.

(a) The Company agrees to pay all costs and expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, including expenses, fees and taxes in connection with (i) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the certificates for the Securities to the Purchaser, including any stock or other transfer taxes or duties payable upon the sale of the Securities to the Purchaser, (ii) the filing for any required review of the offering of the Securities by FINRA (including the legal fees and filing fees and other disbursements of counsel for the Purchaser relating thereto), (iii) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Conversion Shares on Nasdaq, and (iv) the performance of the Companys other obligations hereunder.

(b) Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, including, inter alia, each Party shall otherwise pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such Party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

(c) The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion notice delivered by the Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser.

5.2 Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.3 Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto.

26

5.4 Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchaser or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.4 shall be binding upon the Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company.

5.5 Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.6 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Purchaser (other than by merger). The Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom the Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchaser.

5.7 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced or waived by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 5.6.

5.8 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, stockholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, 

27

that
such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal
service of process and consents to process being served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this
Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall
commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the
Company under Section 4.10, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party
for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution
of such Action or Proceeding.

5.9 Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities for the period of the applicable statute of limitations.

5.10 Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file or other electronic signing crated on an electronic platform (such as DocuSign), such signature shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such .pdf signature page were an original thereof.

5.11 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.12 Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever the Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document, and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then the Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

5.13 Replacement of Securities. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities.

28

5.14 Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, the Purchaser and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.15 Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to the Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or the Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.16 Usury. To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in connection with any Action or Proceeding that may be brought by the Purchaser in order to enforce any right or remedy under any Transaction Document. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any Transaction Document, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability of the Company under the Transaction Documents for payments in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction Documents is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Transaction Documents from the Closing Date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Purchaser with respect to indebtedness evidenced by the Transaction Documents, such excess shall be applied by the Purchaser to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to be at the Purchasers election.

5.17 Liquidated Damages. The Companys obligations to pay any partial liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall have been canceled.

29

5.18 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.19 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

5.20 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

[Signature Pages Follow]

30

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Address for Notice:

Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

By: /s/ Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee 200 Connell Drive, Suite 1500

Name: Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee Berkeley Heights, NJ 07922

Its: Chief Executive Officer Attention: Datuk Dr. Doris Wong Sing Ee, CEO

E-mail: doris@cyclacel.com

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

Debbie Klis, Esq.

Rimon Law, P.C.

1050 Connecticut Ave NW, Suite 500

Washington D.C. 20036

E-mail: deborrah.klis@rimonlaw.com

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

31

PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGE TO SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

PURCHASER:

Name: Address for Notice:

E-Mail:

32

EXHIBIT A

SERIES E PREFERRED STOCK CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION

Exhibit A-1

EXHIBIT B

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS

Bank name:.

Bank address:

Account name:

Account address:

Swift Code:

Wire Routing #:

ACH Routing #:

Account #:

Reference:

All payments should be remitted in USD only.

Send remittance to

Exhibit B-1

DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cyclacel_ex99-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 99.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS ANNOUNCES $1 MILLION PRIVATE

PLACEMENT OFFERING OF CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

KUALA LUMPUR, March 24, 2025 Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Cyclacel) (NASDAQ: CYCC, NASDAQ: CYCCP), a biopharmaceutical company that develops innovative cancer medicine, today announced that it has entered into a securities purchase agreement for the sale of its convertible Series E Preferred Stock (Preferred Stock) in a private placement to certain accredited investors yielding gross proceeds of $1.0 million before deducting offering expenses. The offering closed on March 21, 2025.

The net proceeds of the offering shall be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. Based on its current operating assumptions, Cyclacel expects this financing, together with Cyclacels cash on hand, will extend its cash runway into third quarter 2025.

Each share of Preferred Stock is convertible into 110 shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock), which Preferred Stock may not be converted without Cyclacels stockholder approval per Nasdaq listing rules. The holders of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to participate in any dividends made on shares of Common Stock (on an as-converted basis) if and when such dividends are declared. Additional information regarding the Preferred Stock will be included in a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

The securities being issued and sold in the private placement have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any states securities laws, and were issued and sold in reliance on Regulation S of the Securities Act. The securities may not be offered or sold in the United States, except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Preferred Stock was offered directly to the investors without a placement agent, underwriter, broker or dealer.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the Preferred Stock or Cyclacels Common Stock, nor shall there be any sale of the Preferred Stock in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.

Advisors

Arc Group Ltd. served as a financial advisor to Cyclacel in the private placement.

Rimon P.C. served as legal counsel to Cyclacel.

About Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

Cyclacel is a clinical-stage, biopharmaceutical company developing innovative cancer medicines based on cell cycle, transcriptional regulation and mitosis biology. The transcriptional regulation program is the anti-mitotic program plogosertib, a PLK1 inhibitor, in patients with both solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Cyclacels strategy is to build a diversified biopharmaceutical business based on a pipeline of novel drug candidates addressing oncology and hematology indications. For additional information, please visit www.cyclacel.com.

Forward-looking Statements

This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the Safe Harbor provisions of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and encompasses all statements, other than statements of historical fact contained in this press release. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as may, could, will, expects, anticipates, aims, future, intends, plans, believes, estimates, targets, likely to, understands and similar statements. These forward-looking statements are based on managements current expectations. However, it is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors and circumstances that may cause Cyclacels actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from its expectations expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including conditions in the U.S. capital markets, negative global economic conditions, potential negative developments resulting from epidemics or natural disasters, other negative developments in Cyclacels business or unfavorable legislative or regulatory developments. We caution you therefore against relying on these forward-looking statements, and we qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements.

For a discussion of additional factors that may affect the outcome of such forward-looking statements, see our 2023 annual report filed with the SEC on Form 10-K on March 21, 2024, as amended on April 30, 2024 (Commission File Number: 000-50626), and in particular the Risk Factors section, as well as the other documents filed with or furnished to the SEC by Cyclacel from time to time. Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC at www.sec.gov, or on the SEC Filings section of our Investor Relations website at https://investor.cyclacel.com/sec-filings. These and other important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements made in this press release. Any such forward-looking statements represent managements estimates as of the date of this press release. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Cyclacels views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. All forward-looking statements in this press release are based on information currently available to Cyclacel, and Cyclacel and its authorized representatives assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.

Investor Relations Contact

IR@cyclacel.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex99-1_001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cycc-20250321.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>cycc-20250321_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>cycc-20250321_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>cycc-20250321_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 21, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 21, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 0-50626

Entity Registrant Name CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001130166

Entity Tax Identification Number 91-1707622

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One Level 10, Tower 11, Avenue 5

Entity Address, Address Line Two The Horizon

Entity Address, Address Line Three Bangsar South City, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi

Entity Address, City or Town Kuala Lumpur

Entity Address, Country MY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 59200

City Area Code 908

Local Phone Number 517-7330

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share

Trading Symbol CYCC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 

Title of 12(b) Security Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value

Trading Symbol CYCCP

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 3 such as an Office Park+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine3

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCountry

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:countryCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cycc_CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=cycc_PreferredStock0.001ParValueMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
25 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://cyclacel.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cycc-20250321.xsd 
cycc-20250321_def.xml 
cycc-20250321_lab.xml 
cycc-20250321_pre.xml 
cyclacel_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001829126-25-002001-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>cyclacel_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001130166 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

0001130166 

cycc:CommonStockParValue0.001PerShareMember 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

0001130166 

cycc:PreferredStock0.001ParValueMember 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001130166 
8-K 
2025-03-21 
CYCLACEL PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
DE 
0-50626 
91-1707622 
Level 10, Tower 11, Avenue 5 
The Horizon 
Bangsar South City, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi 
59200 
Kuala Lumpur 
MY 
908 
517-7330 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
CYCC 
NASDAQ 
Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value 
CYCCP 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>