<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-064779.txt : 20250327
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-064779.hdr.sgml : 20250327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250327090317
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-064779
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250321
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AB Private Credit Investors Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001634452
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01196
		FILM NUMBER:		25775582

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		405 COLORADO STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(512) 721-2900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		405 COLORADO STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1500
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AB Private Credit Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150219
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d944278d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

AB Private Credit Investors Corpfalse000163445200016344522025-03-212025-03-21

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

Current Report

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):

March 21, 2025

AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS CORPORATION

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland 814-01196 81-2491356

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

405 Colorado Street, Suite 1500

Austin, Texas78701

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (512)721-2900

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR 230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR 240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

On March 21, 2025, ABPCIC Funding VI LLC (the Borrower), a wholly-owned subsidiary of AB Private Credit Investors Corporation (the Fund), entered into a warehouse financing transaction (the Warehouse Credit Facility). In connection with the Warehouse Credit Facility, the Borrower entered into, among other agreements, (i) the facility agreement (the Facility Agreement), among AB Private Credit Investors LLC, as collateral manager (in such capacity, the Collateral Manager), the Borrower, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, NatWest Markets Plc, as lead lender (in such capacity, the Lead Lender), U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent), U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian (in such capacity, the Document Custodian), and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as loan agent, (ii) the securities account control agreement (the Securities Account Control Agreement), among the Borrower, as debtor, the Collateral Manager, the Lead Lender, the Collateral Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as securities intermediary (in such capacity, the Securities Intermediary), (iii) the purchase and sale agreement (the Transfer Agreement) between the Fund, as seller, and the Borrower, as buyer, and (iv) the pledge agreement (the Pledge Agreement), between the Fund, as pledgor, and the Collateral Agent. 

The Facility Agreement provides for borrowings in an aggregate amount up to $75,000,000. Borrowings under the Facility Agreement will bear interest based on the term standard overnight financing rate for the relevant interest period or the applicable replacement thereto provided for in the Facility Agreement, in each case, plus 2.10%. Interest is payable quarterly in arrears. Any amounts borrowed under the Facility Agreement will mature, and all accrued and unpaid interest thereunder will be due and payable, on the earlier of (i) March 21, 2032 or (ii) upon certain other events which result in accelerated maturity under the Facility Agreement. Borrowing under the Warehouse Credit Facility is subject to certain restrictions contained in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

Borrowings under the Facility Agreement are secured by all of the assets held by the Borrower as well as all of the Funds equity interests in the Borrower, which are pledged by the Fund to the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Pledge Agreement. Pursuant to the Facility Agreement, the Collateral Manager will perform certain duties with respect to the purchase and management of the assets securing the Warehouse Credit Facility. The Collateral Manager has elected to waive any fees that would otherwise be payable under the Facility Agreement. The Borrower will reimburse the expenses incurred by the Collateral Manager in the performance of its obligations under the Facility Agreement other than any ordinary overhead expenses, which shall not be reimbursed. The Borrower has made customary representations and warranties under the Facility Agreement and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. 

All of the collateral pledged by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the secured parties under the Facility Agreement is held in the custody of the Document Custodian under the Facility Agreement or the Securities Intermediary under the Securities Account Control Agreement. The Collateral Agent will maintain and perform certain collateral administration services with respect to the collateral pursuant to the Facility Agreement. As compensation for the services rendered by the Collateral Agent, the Borrower will pay the Collateral Agent, on a quarterly basis, customary fee amounts and reimburse the Collateral Agent for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. 

Concurrently with the closing of the Warehouse Credit Facility, the Fund contributed and/or sold certain assets to the Borrower pursuant to the Transfer Agreement, and the Fund expects to continue to contribute and/or sell assets to the Borrower pursuant to the Transfer Agreement in the future. The Fund may, but shall not be required to, repurchase and/or substitute certain assets previously transferred to the Borrower subject to the conditions specified in the Transfer Agreement and the Facility Agreement. 

The Fund incurred certain customary fees, costs and expenses in connection with the closing of the Warehouse Credit Facility. 

The foregoing descriptions of the Facility Agreement, the Securities Account Control Agreement, the Transfer Agreement and the Pledge Agreement do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the full text of each of the Facility Agreement, the Securities Account Control Agreement, the Transfer Agreement, and Pledge Agreement which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, Exhibit 10.2, Exhibit 10.3, and Exhibit 10.4, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

The information set forth under Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. 

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d) Exhibits 

Exhibit

Number 

Description

10.1* Facility Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025, among AB Private Credit Investors LLC, as collateral manager, ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as borrower, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, NatWest Markets Plc, as lead lender, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as document custodian, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as loan agent. 

10.2* Securities Account Control Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025, among ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as debtor, AB Private Credit Investors LLC, as collateral manager, NatWest Markets Plc, as lead lender, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as securities intermediary. 

10.3* Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025, by and between AB Private Credit Investors Corporation, as seller, and ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as buyer. 

10.4 Pledge Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025, by and between AB Private Credit Investors Corporation, as pledgor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent. 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document)

* 

Exhibits and/or schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of all omitted exhibits and/or schedules to the SEC upon its request. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 27, 2025 AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS CORPORATION

By: 

/s/ Leon Hirth

Leon Hirth

Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d944278dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

UP TO U.S. $75,000,000 

FACILITY AGREEMENT 

by and
among 

AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS LLC, 

as the Collateral Manager 

ABPCIC FUNDING VI LLC, 

as the Borrower 

EACH OF
THE LENDERS 

FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, 

as the Lenders 

NATWEST
MARKETS PLC, 

as the Lead Lender 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as the Collateral Agent 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as the Document Custodian 

and 

ALTER DOMUS
(US) LLC, 

as the Loan Agent 

Dated as of March 21, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I. DEFINITION 2 

Section 1.1 Certain Defined Terms 2 

Section 1.2 Other Terms 43 

Section 1.3 Computation of Time Periods 44 

Section 1.4 Interpretation 44 

Section 1.5 Currency symbols and definitions 45 

ARTICLE II. THE FACILITY 45 

Section 2.1 Advances; Use of Proceeds 45 

Section 2.2 Procedures for Advances by the Lenders 46 

Section 2.3 Reduction of the Facility Amount; Mandatory and Optional Repayments 47 

Section 2.4 Determination of Interest, etc 48 

Section 2.5 Evidence of Advances 50 

Section 2.6 Principal Repayments 50 

Section 2.7 Interest Priority of Payment 50 

Section 2.8 Principal Priority of Payment; Investment Gains 52 

Section 2.9 Alternative Priority of Payment 53 

Section 2.10 [Reserved] 54 

Section 2.11 Collections and Allocations 54 

Section 2.12 Payments, Computations, Etc 55 

Section 2.13 Collateral Assignment of Agreements 55 

Section 2.14 Fees 56 

Section 2.15 Increased Costs 56 

Section 2.16 Illegality 58 

Section 2.17 Taxes 59 

Section 2.18 Increase in the Maximum Facility Amount 63 

Section 2.19 Sales and Purchases; Credit Estimates 63 

Section 2.20 Cure Payments 65 

Section 2.21 Instructions to the Collateral Agent 66 

Section 2.22 Defaulting Lenders 66 

-i- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page 

ARTICLE III. CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 67 

Section 3.1 Conditions to Closing 67 

Section 3.2 Conditions Precedent to All Advances 69 

Section 3.3 Advances Do Not Constitute a Waiver 71 

Section 3.4 Custodianship; Perfection of Loans 71 

ARTICLE IV. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 73 

Section 4.1 Representations and Warranties of the Borrower 73 

Section 4.2 Representations and Warranties of the Borrower Relating to the Agreement and the Collateral 83 

Section 4.3 Representations and Warranties of the Collateral Manager 83 

Section 4.4 Representations and Warranties of the Collateral Agent 88 

Section 4.5 Representations and Warranties of the Document Custodian 89 

ARTICLE V. GENERAL COVENANTS 90 

Section 5.1 Affirmative Covenants of the Borrower 90 

Section 5.2 Negative Covenants of the Borrower 94 

Section 5.3 Affirmative Covenants of the Collateral Manager 97 

Section 5.4 Negative Covenants of the Collateral Manager 99 

Section 5.5 Affirmative Covenants of the Collateral Agent 101 

Section 5.6 [Reserved] 101 

Section 5.7 Affirmative Covenants of the Document Custodian 101 

Section 5.8 Negative Covenants of the Document Custodian 101 

ARTICLE VI. ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF CONTRACTS 102 

Section 6.1 Designation of the Collateral Manager 102 

Section 6.2 Duties of the Collateral Manager 103 

Section 6.3 Authorization of the Collateral Manager 104 

Section 6.4 Collection of Payments; Accounts 105 

Section 6.5 Collateral Management Compensation 107 

Section 6.6 Payment of Certain Expenses by Collateral Manager 108 

Section 6.7 Reports 108 

Section 6.8 Annual Statement as to Compliance 109 

Section 6.9 Due Diligence 109 

Section 6.10 The Collateral Manager Not to Resign 110 

Section 6.11 Collateral Manager Defaults 110 

Section 6.12 Appointment of Successor Collateral Manager 112 

-ii- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page 

ARTICLE VII. THE COLLATERAL AGENT 113 

Section 7.1 Designation of the Collateral Agent 113 

Section 7.2 Duties of the Collateral Agent 114 

Section 7.3 Merger or Consolidation 116 

Section 7.4 Collateral Agent Compensation 117 

Section 7.5 Collateral Agent Removal or Resignation 117 

Section 7.6 Limitation on Liability 117 

Section 7.7 Payments by the Collateral Agent 122 

Section 7.8 Erroneous Payments 122 

ARTICLE VIII. THE DOCUMENT CUSTODIAN 124 

Section 8.1 Designation of Document Custodian 124 

Section 8.2 Duties of Document Custodian 124 

Section 8.3 Merger or Consolidation 126 

Section 8.4 Document Custodian Compensation 127 

Section 8.5 Document Custodian Removal or Resignation 127 

Section 8.6 Limitation on Liability 127 

Section 8.7 Release of Documents 131 

Section 8.8 Return of Required Loan Documents 131 

Section 8.9 Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding the Collateral; Audits 132 

Section 8.10 Agency 132 

ARTICLE IX. SECURITY INTEREST 133 

Section 9.1 Grant of Security Interest 133 

Section 9.2 Release of Lien on Collateral 133 

Section 9.3 Remedies 134 

Section 9.4 Power of Attorney 134 

ARTICLE X. TERMINATION EVENTS 134 

Section 10.1 Termination Events 134 

Section 10.2 Remedies 137 

-iii- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page 

ARTICLE XI. INDEMNIFICATION 139 

Section 11.1 Indemnities by the Borrower 139 

Section 11.2 Indemnities by the Collateral Manager 142 

Section 11.3 Legal Proceedings 144 

Section 11.4 After-Tax Basis 144 

ARTICLE XII. THE LOAN AGENT and lead lender 145 

Section 12.1 The Loan Agent 145 

Section 12.2 The Lead Lender 149 

Section 12.3 Survival 151 

ARTICLE XIII. MISCELLANEOUS 152 

Section 13.1 Amendments and Waivers 152 

Section 13.2 Notices, Etc 152 

Section 13.3 No Waiver; Remedies 153 

Section 13.4 Binding Effect; Benefit of Agreement 153 

Section 13.5 Term of this Agreement 153 

Section 13.6 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Objection to Venue, Service of Process 153 

Section 13.7 Waiver of Jury Trial 154 

Section 13.8 Costs and Expenses 154 

Section 13.9 No Proceedings 155 

Section 13.10 Recourse Against Certain Parties 155 

Section 13.11 Confidentiality 156 

Section 13.12 Execution in Counterparts; Severability; Integration 159 

Section 13.13 Waiver of Setoff 159 

Section 13.14 Register; Assignability; Multiple Lenders 159 

Section 13.15 Heading and Exhibits 161 

Section 13.16 Non-Confidentiality of Tax Treatment 161 

Section 13.17 Intent of Parties 161 

Section 13.18 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 162 

ARTICLE XIV. RETENTION REQUIREMENTS 163 

-iv- 

EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT A-1 Form of Funding Request

EXHIBIT A-2 Form of Repayment Notice (Reduction of Advances Outstanding/Facility Amount)

EXHIBIT B Form of Collateral Report

EXHIBIT C Form of Officers Closing Certificate

EXHIBIT D Form of Release of Required Loan Documents

EXHIBIT E Form of Collateral Managers Certificate

EXHIBIT F Form of Transferee Letter

EXHIBIT G Form of Joinder Supplement

EXHIBIT H Form of Collateral Manager Compliance Certificate

EXHIBIT I [Reserved]

-v- 

SCHEDULES 

SCHEDULE I Condition Precedent Documents

SCHEDULE II Location of Required Loan Documents

SCHEDULE III [Reserved]

SCHEDULE IV Concentration Limitations

SCHEDULE V Eligibility Criteria

SCHEDULE VI [Reserved]

SCHEDULE VII Competitors

SCHEDULE VIII S&P Recovery Rates

SCHEDULE IX S&P Industry Classifications

SCHEDULE X Form of Transaction Summary

SCHEDULE XI Approved Valuation Agent

SCHEDULE XII Diversity Score Calculation

ANNEXES 

ANNEX A Addresses for Notices

ANNEX B Commitments

-vi- 

FACILITY AGREEMENT 

THIS FACILITY AGREEMENT (as amended, modified, waived, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time, this
Agreement) is made as of this March 21, 2025, by and among: 

(1) AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company, as collateral manager (together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Collateral Manager); 

(2) ABPCIC FUNDING VI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the borrower (the Borrower); 

(3) EACH OF THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO (together with its respective successors and assigns in such capacity, each a
Lender and collectively, the Lenders); 

(4) NATWEST MARKETS PLC (together with its successors
and assigns in such capacity, the Lead Lender); 

(5) U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national
banking association (USB), not in its individual capacity but solely as the collateral agent (together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Collateral Agent); 

(6) U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity but solely as the document custodian
(together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Document Custodian); and 

(7) ALTER DOMUS
(US) LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (Alter Domus), not in its individual capacity but solely as the loan agent (together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Loan Agent). 

PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 

WHEREAS, the Borrower desires that each Lender extend financing on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and 

WHEREAS, each Lender desires to extend financing on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, based upon the foregoing recitals, the premises and the mutual agreements herein contained, and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

1 

ARTICLE I. 

DEFINITION 

Section 1.1 Certain Defined Terms. 

Certain capitalized terms used throughout this Agreement are defined in this Section 1.1. As used in this Agreement
and its schedules, exhibits and other attachments, unless the context requires a different meaning, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms
defined): 

1940 Act: The Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

Account: Any of the Collection Account, the Principal Collections Account, the Interest Collections
Account, the Unfunded Exposure Account, the Reinvestment Account and any sub-accounts thereof deemed appropriate or necessary by the Lead Lender or the Collateral Agent after consultation with the Borrower for
convenience in administering such accounts. 

Accrual Period: With respect to the first Payment Date, the period from
and including the Closing Date to and including the Determination Date immediately preceding the first Payment Date and with respect to any subsequent Payment Date, the period commencing on the day immediately following the prior Determination Date
and ending on and including the Determination Date immediately preceding such Payment Date; provided that, with respect to any Advance, the initial Accrual Period for purposes of calculating Interest for such Advance shall be the period from
and including the Funding Date for such Advance to and including the Determination Date immediately preceding the first Payment Date following such Funding Date. 

Action: Defined in Section 11.3. 

Adjusted Advances Outstanding: On any date of determination, an amount equal to the Advances Outstanding plus any Advances
for which a Funding Request has been submitted but for which the Funding Date has not occurred. 

Adjusted Borrowing
Base: On any date of determination, an amount equal to the Borrowing Base adjusted for any scheduled drawdowns of any Delayed Drawdown Obligations or Revolving Obligations and for any scheduled proceeds from sales of Loans that have not
settled, as provided by the Collateral Manager. 

Advance: Each funding by the Lenders hereunder. 

Advances Outstanding: On any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of all Advances outstanding on such
date, after giving effect to any amounts received by the Lenders in repayment of the principal amounts of Advances and the making of new Advances on such date; provided that the principal amounts of Advances outstanding shall not be reduced
by any amounts if on such date of determination such amounts are rescinded or must be returned for any reason. 

2 

Advance Rate: The Maximum Advance Rate corresponding to the
applicable Grid Number set forth in the matrix set forth below (the Collateral Quality Matrix); provided that for purposes of the Collateral Quality Matrix, (i) the Diversity Score will be determined based on the portfolio on
a traded basis and (ii) linear interpolation shall apply between points. 

Grid Number Diversity Score Maximum

Advance

Rate (during

Ramp-Up

Period) Maximum

Advance

Rate (after

Ramp-Up

Period) 

1 3 0.0 % 0.0 % 

2 8 45 % 35 % 

3 12 55 % 45 % 

4 15 65 % 60 % 

5 16 and higher 65 % 65 % 

Affiliate: With respect to a Person, means any other Person that, directly or indirectly,
controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person, or is a director or officer of such Person; provided that for purposes of determining whether any Loan is an Eligible Loan, the term Affiliate shall not
include any Affiliate relationship which may exist solely as a result of direct or indirect ownership of, or control by, a common Financial Sponsor. For purposes of this definition, control, when used with respect to any specified Person
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to vote 50% or more of the voting securities of such Person or to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting
securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Aggregate Funded Spread: As of any Measurement Date, the sum of: 

(a) in the case of each Floating Rate Loan that bears interest at a spread over a Benchmark Rate based index, (i) the stated interest rate
spread on such Loan above such index as of the immediately preceding Determination Date multiplied by (ii) the outstanding principal balance of such Loan (excluding the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Obligation and any
Revolving Obligation); and 

(b) in the case of each Floating Rate Loan that bears interest at a spread over an index other than a Benchmark
Rate based index, (i) the excess of the sum of such spread and such index over the Benchmark Rate as of the immediately preceding Determination Date (which spread or excess may be expressed as a negative percentage) multiplied by
(ii) the outstanding principal balance of each such Loan (excluding the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Obligation or Revolving Obligation). 

For purposes of calculating the Aggregate Funded Spread, the stated interest rate of a Loan will be excluded from such calculation to the
extent the Borrower or the Collateral Manager has actual knowledge that such payment of interest will not be made by the Obligor thereof during the applicable period. 

3 

Aggregate Unpaids: With respect to the Borrower, at any time, an amount
equal to the sum of all accrued and unpaid Advances Outstanding, Interest, Commitment Fees, Prepayment Penalties and all other accrued and unpaid amounts owed by the Borrower to the Lenders, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Document
Custodian hereunder (including, without limitation, all Indemnified Amounts, other amounts payable under Article XI and amounts required to be paid under Section 2.7, Section 2.8(a),
Section 2.9, Section 2.13, Section 2.14 and Section 2.15 to any Indemnified Party) or under any other Transaction Documents, in each case whether
or not such payments are due. 

Alternative Priority of Payment: Defined in Section 2.9. 

Anti-Corruption Laws: (a) The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended; (b) the U.K. Bribery Act 2010,
as amended; and (c) any other anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations or ordinances in any jurisdiction in which the Borrower, the Parent or the Collateral Manager is located or doing business. 

Anti-Money Laundering Laws: Applicable laws or regulations in any jurisdiction in which the Borrower, the Parent or the
Collateral Manager is located or doing business that relates to money laundering, any predicate crime to money laundering, or any financial record keeping and reporting requirements related thereto. 

Anticipated Target Par Amount: U.S.$115,000,000 or such other amount as agreed between the Borrower and the Lead Lender.

Applicable Law: For any Person or property of such Person, all existing and future laws, rules, regulations (including
proposed, temporary and final income tax regulations), statutes, treaties, codes, ordinances, permits, certificates, orders, licenses, judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs or awards of and interpretations by any Governmental Authority applicable
to such Person. 

Appraised Value: A valuation determined by an Approved Valuation Agent. 

Approved Valuation Agent: Any entity set forth on Schedule XI. 

Assigned Documents: Defined in Section 2.13. 

Availability: At any time, an amount equal to the positive excess, if any, of (i) the Maximum Availability over
(ii) the Advances Outstanding on such day; provided that at all times on and after the earlier to occur of the Reinvestment Period End Date or the Termination Date, the Availability shall be zero. 

Available Funds: With respect to any Payment Date, all amounts on deposit in the Collection Account (including, without
limitation, any Collections with respect to Loans included in the Collateral and earnings from Permitted Investments in such Collection Account but excluding any Investment Gains), as of the last day of the immediately preceding Accrual Period. 

Average Life: On any Determination Date with respect to any Loan, the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum
of the products of (a) the number of years (rounded to the nearest one hundredth thereof) from such date of determination to the respective dates of each successive Scheduled Payment of principal of such Loan and (b) the respective
amounts of principal of such Scheduled Payments by (ii) the sum of all successive Scheduled Payments of principal on such Loan. 

4 

Bankruptcy Code: The United States Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11
U.S.C. 101, et seq.), as amended from time to time. 

Benchmark Rate: In relation to any Advance for any
Accrual Period, Term SOFR; provided that if Term SOFR is less than zero, the Benchmark Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 

Beneficial Ownership Regulation: 31 C.F.R. 1010.320. 

Benefit Plan Investor: A benefit plan investor as defined in Department of Labor regulation 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the Plan Asset Regulations), which includes an employee benefit plan that is subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of
Title I of ERISA, a plan that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and an entity the underlying assets of which are deemed to include plan assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

Borrower: Defined in the Preamble. 

Borrowing Base: At any time, an amount, as calculated by the Collateral Manager, equal to the sum of (i) the amounts
in the Principal Collection Account, (ii) the amounts in the Reinvestment Account and (iii) the aggregate Principal Balance of the Loans. 

Borrowing Base Calculation Statement: With respect to any Advance, a statement prepared by the Collateral Manager setting
forth, among other things, a pro forma calculation of the Borrowing Base after giving effect to the addition of Loans in the Collateral on the Funding Date for such Advance, in substantially the form mutually agreed by the Borrower, the Collateral
Manager and the Lead Lender, as such form may be modified from time to time. 

Break Costs: With respect to any
prepayment of Advances to any Lender by the Borrower on a day other than a Payment Date, an amount equal to the product of (x) the principal amount received by such Lender as a result of such prepayment and (y) the amount (if any) by
which: 

(i) the Benchmark Rate for the current Accrual Period; 

exceeds: 

(ii) the rate of
reinvestment that such Lender would be able to obtain by reinvesting such prepaid principal amount for a period starting on the Business Day following prepayment and ending on the last day of the current Accrual Period; 

provided that the Borrower shall only be required to pay Break Costs to a Lender to the extent that such Lender is charging break costs in
similarly situated facilities, as determined by such Lender in its sole discretion. 

5 

Business Day: Any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which
banks are required or authorized to be closed in London, New York, New York, or the city in which the offices of the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or the Document Custodian are authorized or required by Applicable Law to close (which
shall initially be Charlotte, North Carolina). 

CCC Obligation: Any Loan with one or more ratings of CCC+ (or
equivalent) or lower. 

Certificated Security: The meaning specified in
Section 8-102(a)(4) of the UCC. 

Change in Law: The occurrence, after the
date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or
application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that all requests, rules,
guidelines or directives concerning liquidity and capital adequacy issued by any United States regulatory authority (i) under or in connection with the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and
(ii) in connection with the implementation of the recommendations of the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices (or any successor or similar authority) shall be deemed to have
occurred after the date of this Agreement for purposes of this definition, regardless of the date adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented. 

Change of Control: Means the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a) in respect of the Borrower, 100% of the equity interests cease to be held by the Parent or its Affiliates (other than nominal interests);

(b) the Collateral Manager ceasing to be directly or indirectly controlled by AllianceBernstein L.P.; or 

(c) any consolidation, merger, dissolution, termination or liquidation, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Collateral Manager that does not satisfy the relevant conditions set forth in Section 5.4(b). 

Clearing
Corporation: The meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(5) of the UCC. 

CLO
Closing Date: The closing date of a Term CLO. 

CLO Exit Fee: The meaning specified in
Section 2.14(c). 

Closing Date: March 21, 2025. 

CM Assigned CE: A credit estimate determined by the Collateral Manager in lieu of a Credit Estimate or public rating from
S&P; provided that: 

(a) such credit estimate shall be no higher than B-;provided that if the CM Assigned CE Basis Trigger is met, the CM Assigned CE shall be no higher than CCC+; 

6 

(b) the Collateral Manager has certified to the Collateral Agent and the Lead Lender that it
believes that such S&P rating determined by the Collateral Manager is commercially reasonable and that the credit estimate (when assigned) shall be at least equal to such CM Assigned CE; and 

(c) any Loans constituting the Excess Concentration Amount in respect of Loans with a CM Assigned CE shall having an S&P rating of CCC-.

CM Assigned CE Basis Trigger: The trigger that will be met if
either: 

(a) At least 10 CM Assigned CEs have been applied over the preceding 12 months that have subsequently received a credit estimate;
and 

(b) The S&P Weighted Average Rating Factor, based on the CM Assigned CEs provided over the preceding 12 months, is 400 points
higher than the S&P Weighted Average Rating Factor based on the credit estimates received. 

Code: The Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 

Collateral: All of the Borrowers right, title, and interest
(whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, and wherever located) in the property identified in clauses (i)(iii) below and all accounts, cash and currency, chattel paper, tangible chattel paper, electronic chattel paper,
copyrights, copyright licenses, equipment, fixtures, contract rights, general intangibles, instruments, certificates of deposit, certificated securities, uncertificated securities, financial assets, securities entitlements, commercial tort claims,
deposit accounts, inventory, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, software, supporting obligations, accessions, and other property consisting of, arising out
of, or related to any of the following (in each case excluding the Excluded Amounts and any Margin Stock, provided that any proceeds of Margin Stock shall be Collateral): 

(i) the Loans, and all monies due or to become due in payment under such Loans on and after the related Funding Date, including, but not
limited to, all Collections; 

(ii) all Related Security with respect to the Loans referred to in clause (i); 

(iii) the Transaction Documents; and 

(iv) all income and Proceeds of the foregoing. 

Collateral Agent: Defined in the Preamble. 

Collateral Agent and Portfolio Administration Fee: The fees, expenses and indemnity amounts (including fees of counsel,
experts and agents and disbursements) payable to the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian and the Securities Intermediary (without duplication) set forth as such in the Document Custodian Fee Letter and as provided herein or in any other
Transaction Documents. 

Collateral Agent Termination Notice: Defined in Section 7.5. 

7 

Collateral Report: Defined in Section 6.7(b).

Collateral Management Fee: The fee payable to the Collateral Manager on each Payment Date in arrears in respect of
each Accrual Period in an amount equal to the product of (i) 0.25%, (ii) the arithmetic mean of the aggregate Principal Balance of all Eligible Loans and the cash and the principal balance of any Permitted Investments on deposit in the Principal
Collections Account (excluding any amounts necessary to fund the acquisition of any Loan that the Borrower has committed to purchase and the trade date has occurred) on the first day and on the last day of the related Accrual Period and
(iii) the actual number of days in such Accrual Period divided by 360; provided that as long as the Collateral Manager or an Affiliate thereof is the Collateral Manager, such fee shall be zero. 

Collateral Management Standard: Shall mean, with respect to the Collateral Manager, in rendering its services hereunder and
under the other Transaction Documents, with reasonable care and in good faith, diligently using a degree of skill and attention no less than that which the Collateral Manager exercises with respect to comparable assets that it manages for itself and
for others having similar investment objectives and restrictions in accordance with its existing practices and procedures relating to assets of the nature and character of the Loans. 

Collateral Manager: AB Private Credit Investors LLC and each successor appointed as Successor Collateral Manager pursuant
to Section 6.12(a). 

Collateral Manager Default: Defined in
Section 6.11. 

Collateral Manager Pension Plan: Defined in
Section 4.3(o). 

Collateral Manager Termination Notice: Defined in
Section 6.11. 

Collateral Managers Certificate: Defined in
Section 6.7(c). 

Collection Account: Defined in Section 6.4(d).

Collection Date: The date on which the Aggregate Unpaids have been reduced to zero and indefeasibly paid in full. 

Collections: Interest Collections and Principal Collections. 

Commitment: With respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Advances in accordance herewith in an amount
not to exceed (a) on any day prior to the earlier to occur of the Reinvestment Period End Date or the Termination Date, the amount set forth opposite the Lenders name on Annex B hereto or the amount set forth as such Lenders
Commitment on Schedule I to the Joinder Supplement relating to such Lender, as applicable, and (b) on each day on or after the earlier to occur of the Reinvestment Period End Date or the Termination Date, with respect to each
Lender, such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the aggregate Advances Outstanding on such day. 

Commitment Fee: Defined
in Section 2.13(a). 

8 

Commitment Fee Rate: Defined in
Section 2.13(a). 

Commitment Increase Date: With respect to a Loan, any date on which the
Borrower increases the amount of its commitment thereunder. 

Competitor: Any Person set forth on Schedule VII. 

Concentration Limitations: The meaning specified in Schedule IV hereto. 

Confidential Information: All information relating to the Borrower, the Parent, any Obligor, any Loan or this Agreement of
which the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian or any Lender becomes aware in its capacity as, or for the purpose of becoming, a Lender or other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or which is received by the Collateral
Agent, the Document Custodian or any Lender in relation to, or for the purpose of becoming, a Lender or other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document from either: 

(a) the Borrower, the Parent, the Collateral Manager, any member of the Manager Group or any of their respective advisers; or 

(b) the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian or any Lender, if the information was obtained by that party directly or indirectly from the
Borrower, the Parent, the Collateral Manager, any member of the Manager Group or any of their respective advisers, 

in whatever form, and includes
information given orally and any document, electronic file or any other way of representing or recording information which contains or is derived or copied from such information but excludes: 

(i) information that: 

(1) is or becomes public information other than as a direct or indirect result of any breach by the Collateral Agent, the
Document Custodian or Lender, as applicable, of Section 13.13; or 

(2) is identified in writing at the time of
delivery as non-confidential by the Borrower, the Parent, the Collateral Manager, any member of the Manager Group or any of their respective advisers; or 

(3) is known by the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian or Lender, as applicable, before the date the information is
disclosed to it in accordance with paragraphs (a) or (b) above or is lawfully obtained by the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian or Lender, as applicable, after that date, from a source that, as far as that the Collateral Agent, the
Document Custodian or Lender, as applicable, is aware, has not been obtained in breach of, and is not otherwise subject to, any obligation of confidentiality. 

9 

Confidentiality Undertaking means a confidentiality undertaking
substantially in the recommended form of the Loan Market Association or in any other form agreed between the Borrower and the Lead Lender. 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or
that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Continued Errors: Defined in
Section 6.12(d). 

Contractual Obligation: With respect to any Person, any material provision
of any securities issued by such Person or any material indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, contract, undertaking, agreement, instrument or other document to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound or to which
either is subject. 

Costs and Expenses: Any amount payable by the Borrower pursuant to Sections2.15,
2.17 and 13.8. 

Cov-Lite Obligation: A Loan the Underlying
Instruments for which do not (i) contain any financial covenants or (ii) require the Obligor thereunder to comply with any Maintenance Covenant; provided that a Loan shall not constitute a Cov-Lite
Obligation if the Underlying Instruments contain a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision to, or such Loan is pari passu with, another loan of the applicable Obligor forming part of the same loan facility that contains one or more Maintenance
Covenants.. 

Credit Estimate: With respect to any Collateral Obligation, a numerical value representing or derived from
a credit estimate obtained from S&P. 

Current Pay Obligation: Any Loan (other than a DIP Loan) that would otherwise
be treated as a Defaulted Obligation but as to which no payments are due and payable that are unpaid and with respect to which the Collateral Manager has certified to the Lead Lender (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) in writing that it believes,
in its reasonable business judgment, that the Obligor of such Loan (a) is current on all interest payments, principal payments and other amounts due and payable thereunder and will continue to make scheduled payments of interest thereon and
will pay the principal thereof and all other amounts due and payable thereunder by maturity or as otherwise contractually due and (b) if the Obligor is subject to a bankruptcy proceeding, it has been the subject of an order of a bankruptcy
court that permits it to make the scheduled payments on such Loan and all interest payments, principal payments and other amounts due and payable thereunder have been paid in cash when due. 

Cutoff Date: With respect to any Loan, the date on which the Borrower acquires such Loan. 

Default Period: The period beginning on the day on which the Termination Date is declared or automatically occurs, and
ending on the Collection Date. 

Defaulted Obligation: A Loan in respect of which, as of any date of determination, any
one or more of the following applies as determined by the Borrower: 

10 

(a) there has occurred a default with respect to the payment of interest or principal that
is continuing for 90 days (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any failure of the Obligor to make a required cash interest payment with respect to any PIK Obligation); or 

(b) an Insolvency Event has occurred in respect of an Obligor. 

Defaulting Lender: Any Lender that (i) has failed to fund any portion of the Advances required to be funded by it
hereunder within one Business Day of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, (ii) has otherwise failed to pay over to the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian or any Lender any other amount required to be paid by it
hereunder within three Business Days of the date when due, unless such amount is the subject of a good faith dispute, (iii) has notified the Borrower, the Lead Lender, the Loan Agent or any other Lender in writing that it does not intend to
comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement or has made a public statement to the effect that it does not intend to comply or has failed to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or generally under other
agreements in which it commits or is obligated to extend credit, or (iv) has become or is insolvent or has become the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee or custodian appointed for it,
or has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment. 

Delayed Drawdown Obligation: A Loan that requires the Borrower to make one or more future advances to the Obligor(s) under
its Underlying Instruments but which does not permit any such advance to be re-borrowed. For the avoidance of doubt, any Loan the Underlying Instruments for which describe obligations to make additional
advances to the related Obligor shall not be considered a Delayed Drawdown Obligation following the date on which such obligations expire or terminate. 

Determination Date: The date that is 12 Business Days prior to the 28th day of each calendar month. 

Deteriorated Obligation: A Loan in respect of which as of any date of determination, any one or more of the following has
occurred and is continuing: 

a) 

breach of any material obligation or covenant and has not cured such breach within the applicable cure period
specified in the Underlying Instruments, if any; 

b) 

the Obligor has breached a financial covenant and has not cured such breach within the applicable cure period
specified in the Underlying Instruments, if any (regardless of whether or not such breaches are waived, and by reference to the covenants in place at the date of Funding Date with respect to such Loan as opposed to covenants following any subsequent
covenant reset); or 

c) 

the financial reporting in respect of such Loan is more than 90 days overdue, or 120 days overdue if an
extension or waiver has been provided by the Collateral Manager (counting from the original due date); 

provided
that if (i) the original financial covenants are in compliance for two continuous calendar quarters or reporting periods and (ii) if applicable, the current credit estimate for the Loan is no worse than the credit estimate at the time of
the Funding Date with respect to such Loan, such Loan shall be deemed to no longer constitute a Deteriorated Obligation; provided that no Loan may be deemed to not constitute a Deteriorated Obligation pursuant to this proviso more than one time.

11 

DIP Loan: Any interest in a loan or financing facility that is acquired
directly by way of assignment (a) which is an obligation of a debtor in possession as described in 1107 of the United States Bankruptcy Code or a trustee (if appointment of such trustee has been ordered pursuant to 1104 of the
United States Bankruptcy Code) (a Debtor) organized under the laws of the United States or any State therein, (b) which is paying interest and principal on a current basis and (c) the terms of which have been approved by
an order of the United States Bankruptcy Court, the United States District Court, or any other court of competent jurisdiction, the enforceability of which order is not subject to any pending contested matter or proceeding (as such terms are defined
in the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure) and which order provides that: (i) such DIP Loan is secured by liens on the Debtors otherwise unencumbered assets pursuant to 364(c)(2) of the United States Bankruptcy Code;
(ii) such DIP Loan is secured by liens of equal or senior priority on property of the Debtors estate that is otherwise subject to a lien pursuant to 364(d) of the United States Bankruptcy Code; (iii) such DIP Loan is secured
by junior liens on the Debtors encumbered assets and such DIP Loan is fully secured based upon a current valuation or appraisal report; or (iv) if the DIP Loan or any portion thereof is unsecured, the repayment of such DIP Loan retains
priority over all other administrative expenses pursuant to 364(c)(1) of the United States Bankruptcy Code. 

Discount
Obligation: Any Loan with a purchase price of less than 90% of par. 

Dispute Mechanism: The following
mechanism which will apply if the Lead Lender, upon notice to the Collateral Manager, the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent, disputes the Collateral Managers determination of the Market Value of any Loan within 10 Business Days of receiving
written notice thereof, in which case the Market Value of any such Loan will be: 

(1) 

the Market Value agreed to by the Lead Lender and the Collateral Manager; and 

(2) 

if the Market Value cannot be determined pursuant to paragraph (1) above, the fair value of such Loan as
determined by the Approved Valuation Agent (the costs of fees payable to any such Approved Valuation Agent payable by the Borrower) selected by the Lead Lender; provided that if the Lead Lender requires such Loan to be revalued and such
revaluation does not occur within 90 calendar days of the Collateral Manager receiving written notice of such dispute, the Collateral Manager shall have the right to determine the Market Value of such Loan in its sole discretion and the Lead Lender
shall no longer have the right to dispute the Market Value of such Loan; 

provided further that (x) if the
Lead Lender disputes the Collateral Managers determination of the Market Value of any Loan, until such time that a new Market Value is determined pursuant to the mechanics set forth above, the Market Value shall be the value determined by the
Collateral Manager prior to such dispute and (y) if the Market Value cannot be determined pursuant to the paragraph above, the Lead Lender shall have no obligation to engage an Approved Valuation Agent to determine the Market Value, in which
case the Market Value shall be the value determined by the Collateral Manager. 

12 

Diversity Score: A single number that indicates collateral concentration
in terms of both issuer and industry concentration, calculated as set forth in Schedule XII hereto. 

Document
Custodian: Defined in the Preamble. 

Document Custodian Fee Letter: The fee letter, dated as of the date
hereof, by and among the Collateral Manager and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as the Document Custodian and USB in its capacity as the Collateral Agent, relating to the Collateral Agent and Portfolio Administration Fee and any
expenses and indemnity amounts (including fees of counsel, experts and agents and disbursements) payable to the Collateral Agent, Document Custodian and Securities Intermediary hereunder, as such letter may be amended, modified, supplemented,
restated or replaced from time to time. 

Document Custodian Termination Notice: Defined in
Section 8.5. 

Dollars: Means, and the conventional $ signifies, the lawful
currency of the United States. 

Domicile or Domiciled: With respect to a Loan and the Obligor(s)
thereunder the jurisdiction and/or the country in which, in the Borrowers opinion, a substantial portion of such Obligor(s) operations are located or from which a substantial portion of its or their revenue is derived, in each case
directly or through subsidiaries (which shall be any jurisdiction and country known at the time of designation by the Borrower to be the source of the majority of revenues, if any, of such Obligor(s)). 

Due Diligence Requirements: The EU Due Diligence Requirements and the UK Due Diligence Requirements. 

EBITDA: With respect to any period and any Loan, the meaning of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA,
Consolidated EBITDA, or any comparable definition in the Underlying Instruments for each such Loan or other comparable metric agreed to by the Borrower and the Lead Lender for any Loan. In any case that EBITDA, Adjusted
EBITDA, Consolidated EBITDA or such comparable definition is not defined in such Underlying Instruments, an amount, for the related Obligor and any of its parents or Subsidiaries that are obligated with respect to such Loan
pursuant to its Underlying Instruments (determined on a consolidated basis without duplication in accordance with GAAP) determined by the Collateral Manager in its commercially reasonable judgment equal to earnings from continuing operations for
such period plus interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and any other non-cash charges and organization costs deducted in determining earnings from continuing operations for such period,
and costs and expenses reducing earnings and other extraordinary non-recurring costs and expenses for such period (to the extent deducted in determining earnings from continuing operations for such period.

Eligibility Criteria: The meaning specified in Schedule V hereto. 

13 

Eligibility Criteria Testing Dates means, in respect of a Loan, each of:

(a) its Funding Date; 

(b)
each Determination Date; and 

(c) each Commitment Increase Date. 

Eligible Loan: On any date, each Loan that satisfied the Eligibility Criteria on the most recent Eligibility Criteria
Testing Date in respect of such Loan; provided that the Eligibility Criteria set forth in clause (e) of the definition thereof must be satisfied only as of its Funding Date. 

Environmental Laws: Any and all foreign, federal, state and local laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits,
licenses, approvals, interpretations and orders of courts or Governmental Authorities, relating to the protection of human health or the environment, including, but not limited to, requirements pertaining to the manufacture, processing,
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transportation, handling, reporting, licensing, permitting, investigation or remediation of Hazardous Materials. Environmental Laws include, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.), the Hazardous Material Transportation Act (49 U.S.C. 331 et seq.), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), the
Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.), the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C.
300, et seq.), the Environmental Protection Agencys regulations relating to underground storage tanks (40 C.F.R. Parts 280 and 281), and the Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C. 651 et seq.), and the rules
and regulations thereunder, each as amended or supplemented from time to time. 

EOD OC Ratio Test: A test satisfied on
any Determination Date if the Senior OC Ratio as of such date is less than or equal to (y) 105%. 

Equity Security: (i)
Any equity security or any other security that is not eligible for purchase by the Borrower as an Eligible Loan and (ii) any security purchased as part of a unit with a Loan and that itself is not eligible for purchase by the
Borrower as an Eligible Loan, in each case other than a security received in exchange for a Defaulted Obligation or portion thereof in connection with an insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, debt restructuring or workout of the Obligor thereof
which shall be deemed to be a Defaulted Obligation); it being understood that Equity Securities may not be purchased by the Borrower but may be received by the Borrower in exchange for an Eligible Loan or a portion thereof in connection with the
insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, debt restructuring or workout of the issuer or Obligor thereof. 

ERISA: The
United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 

14 

ERISA Affiliate: (a) Any corporation that is a member of the same
controlled group of corporations (within the meaning of Section 414(b) of the Code) as the Borrower or Collateral Manager, as applicable, (b) a trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control (within the meaning of
Section 414(c) of the Code) with the Borrower or Collateral Manager, as applicable, or (c) for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, a member of the same affiliated service group (within the meaning of
Section 414(m) of the Code) as the Borrower or Collateral Manager. 

Errors: Defined in
Section 6.12(d). 

EU Retention Requirements: The risk retention requirement under Article
6(1) of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 

EU Securitisation Regulation: Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 relating to a
European framework for simple, transparent and standardised securitisation including any implementing regulation, technical standards and official guidance relating thereto as may from time to time be published by the European Banking Authority, the
European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority and/or the European Securities and Markets Authority. 

EU Due Diligence
Requirements: Article 5 of the EU Securitisation Regulation, including any implementing regulation, technical standards and official guidance related thereto. 

Excess Concentration Amount: As of any date of determination, without duplication, all or the portion of the principal
amount of any Loan (other than any Ineligible Loan) that exceeds any Concentration Limitation as of such date; provided that the Collateral Manager shall select in its sole discretion which Loan(s) constitute part of the Excess Concentration
Amount; providedfurther that if the Collateral Manager does not so select any Loan(s), the applicable portion of the Loan(s) calculated on a pro rata basis across all Loans contributing to such Concentration Limitation having been
exceeded shall make up the Excess Concentration Amount. 

Exchange Act: The United States Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Excluded Amounts: (a) Any amount received in
the Collection Account with respect to any Loan included as part of the Collateral, which amount is attributable to the payment of any Tax, fee or other charge imposed by any Governmental Authority on such Loan or on any Related Property,
(b) any amount received in the Collection Account or other Account representing (i) a reimbursement of insurance premiums and (ii) any escrows relating to Taxes, insurance and other amounts in connection with Loans which are held in
an escrow account for the benefit of the Obligor and the secured party pursuant to escrow arrangements under the Underlying Instruments, (c) any amount received in the Collection Account with respect to any Loan that is sold or transferred by
the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19(a), to the extent such amount is attributable to a time after the effective date of such sale, (d) any interest or fees (including origination, agency, structuring, management or
other up front fees) that are for the account of the applicable Person from whom the Borrower or Parent purchased a Loan or (e) any amount deposited in the Collection Account in error. 

Excluded Taxes: Any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Secured Party or required to be withheld or
deducted from a payment to a Secured Party, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Secured Party being organized under
the laws of, or 

15 

having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that
are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Commitment or Advance pursuant to a law in
effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Financing Commitment or Advance or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.03, amounts with
respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Secured
Partys failure to comply with Section 2.16(e) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

Exposure
Amount: As of any date of determination, with respect to any Delayed Drawdown Obligation or Revolving Obligation, (i) the maximum commitment of such Delayed Drawdown Loan or Revolving Obligation (excluding any original issue discount)
under the terms of the applicable Underlying Instruments minus (ii) the outstanding principal amount of such Delayed Drawdown Obligation or Revolving Obligation on such date of determination. 

Exposure Amount Shortfall: Defined in Section 2.2(e). 

Facility Amount: The aggregate Commitments of the Lenders then in effect, which amount may be up to $75,000,000, as such
amounts may vary from time to time pursuant to Section 2.1(b) or Section 2.3(a); provided that on or after the earlier to occur of the Reinvestment Period End Date or the Termination Date
the Facility Amount shall equal the Advances Outstanding. 

Facility Increase Request means, on any date during the
Reinvestment Period, the request of the Borrower in writing (which may be by email) to the Lead Lender, each Lender and the Loan Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) for an increase of the Commitments pursuant to
Section 2.18. 

Facility LTV Test: A test satisfied on any Determination Date if the Advances
Outstanding as of such date are less than or equal to the Maximum Availability. 

Facility Margin Rate: 2.10% per annum.

Facility Maturity Date: The earlier to occur of (i) March 21, 2032 or (ii) the date on which the
Parents partnership agreement is terminated. 

FATCA: Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of
this Agreement (or any amended or successor provisions of the Code that are substantively similar), any current or future regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of
the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules, guidance notes or official practices adopted pursuant to any published intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code. 

16 

Federal Funds Effective Rate: For any day, the rate calculated by the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds transactions by depositary institutions, as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time, and
published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the effective federal funds rate; provided that, if no such rate is so published, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be the average rate
charged to major banks selected by the Loan Agent on such day on such transactions as determined by the Loan Agent. 

Federal
Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website: The website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 

Financial Asset: The meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC. 

Financial Sponsor: Any Person, including any Subsidiary of such Person, whose principal business activity is acquiring,
holding, and selling investments (including controlling interests) in otherwise unrelated companies that each are distinct legal entities with separate management, books and records and bank accounts, whose operations are not integrated with one
another and whose financial condition and creditworthiness are independent of the other companies so owned by such Person. 

Fixed
Rate Loan: An Eligible Loan that bears a fixed rate of interest. 

Floating Rate Loan: An Eligible Loan other
than a Fixed Rate Loan. 

Foreign Lender: (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person (as defined in the Code), a Lender
that is not a U.S Person and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 

Funding Date: With respect to any Advance, the date such funds are made available to the Borrower in accordance with
Section 2.2. 

Funding Request: A borrowing notice substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 requesting an Advance and including the items required by Section 2.2. 

GAAP: Generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States. 

Governmental Authority: With respect to any Person, any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision
thereof, any central bank (or similar monetary or regulatory authority) thereof, any body or entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government and any court or arbitrator having
jurisdiction over such Person. 

Grant or Granted means to grant, bargain, sell, convey, assign,
transfer, mortgage, pledge, create and grant a security interest in and right of setoff against, deposit, set over and confirm. A Grant of the Collateral, or of any other instrument, shall include all rights, powers and options (but none of the
obligations) of the granting party thereunder, including, the immediate continuing right to claim for, collect, receive and receipt for principal and interest payments in respect of the Collateral, and all other monies payable thereunder, to give
and receive notices and other communications, to make waivers or other agreements, to exercise all rights and options, to bring proceedings in the name of the granting party or otherwise, and generally to do and receive anything that the granting
party is or may be entitled to do or receive thereunder or with respect thereto. 

17 

Hazardous Materials: All materials subject to regulation under any
Environmental Law, including, without limitation, materials listed in 49 C.F.R. 172.010, materials defined as hazardous pursuant to 101(14) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as
amended, flammable, explosive or radioactive materials, hazardous or toxic wastes or substances, lead-based materials, petroleum or petroleum distillates or asbestos or material containing asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, urea
formaldehyde and any substances classified as being in inventory, usable work in process or similar classification that would, if classified as unusable, be included in the foregoing definition. 

Holding Company: In relation to any Person, any other Person in respect of which it is a Subsidiary. 

IFRS: International Financial Reporting Standards developed by the International Accounting Standards Board. 

Increased Costs: Any amounts required to be paid by the Borrower to a Lender pursuant to
Section 2.14. 

Incurrence Covenant: In respect of a Loan, a covenant by any Obligor in the
relevant Underlying Instruments to comply with one or more financial covenants (including without limitation any covenant relating to a borrowing base, asset valuation or similar asset-based requirement) but only upon the occurrence of certain
actions of the Obligor, including a debt issuance, dividend payment, share purchase, merger, acquisition or divestiture. 

Indebtedness: With respect to any Person, as of any day, without duplication: (i) all obligations of such Person for
borrowed money; (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, deferrable securities, loan stock or other similar instruments and any note purchase facility; (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the
deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business; (iv) all obligations of such Person as lessee under capital leases and any other liability of such Person in respect of a
lease, hire purchase contract or other agreement which would, in accordance with GAAP, be treated as a finance or capital lease; (v) all non contingent obligations of such Person to reimburse or prepay any bank or other Person in respect of
amounts paid under a letter of credit, bankers acceptance or similar instrument; (vi) all debt of others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such debt is assumed by such Person; (vii) any acceptance under
any acceptance credit facility (including any dematerialised equivalent); and (viii) all debt of others guaranteed by such Person and other contingent obligations to purchase, to provide funds for payment, to supply funds to invest in any
Person or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss. 

Indemnified Amounts: Defined in
Section 11.1. 

Indemnified Parties: Defined in Section 11.1. 

18 

Indemnified Taxes: (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or
with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Transaction Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 

Indemnifying Party: Defined in Section 11.3. 

Independent Manager: Means a natural person who, (A) for the five-year period prior to his or her appointment as
Independent Manager, has not been, and during the continuation of his or her service as Independent Manager is not: (i) an employee, director, stockholder, member, manager, partner or officer of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates (other than
his or her service as an Independent Director of the Borrower or other Affiliates that are structured to be bankruptcy remote); (ii) a customer or supplier of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates (other than his or her service as
an Independent Director of the Borrower); or (iii) any member of the immediate family of a person described in (i) or (ii), and (B) has, (i) prior experience as an independent director or independent manager for a Person whose charter
documents required the unanimous consent of all independent director or independent manager thereof before such Person could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief under
any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy and (ii) at least three years of employment experience with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management or placement
services to issuers of securitization or structured finance instruments, agreements or securities. 

Indorsement: The
meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(11) of the UCC, and Indorsed has a corresponding meaning. 

Industry: Each of the S&P Industry Classifications set forth on Schedule IX, as such industry
classifications shall be updated at the request of the Collateral Manager (with the consent of the Lead Lender, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) if S&P publishes revised industry classifications. 

Ineligible Loan: A Loan that is not an Eligible Loan (including any Loan deemed to be an Ineligible Loan pursuant to
Section 2.19(c)). 

Insolvency Event: With respect to a specified Person, (a) the filing
of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction over such Person or any substantial part of its property in an involuntary case under any applicable Insolvency Law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator,
assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Persons affairs, and such
decree, order or appointment shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days, (b) the commencement by such Person of a voluntary case under any applicable Insolvency Law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by such
Person to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, (c) the consent by such Person to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar
official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by such Person of any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (d) the failure by such Person generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or
the taking of action by such Person in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

19 

Insolvency Laws: The Bankruptcy Code and all other applicable
liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, suspension of payments, or similar debtor relief laws from time to time in effect affecting the rights of creditors generally. 

Insolvency Proceeding: Any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to any
Insolvency Event. 

Instrument: The meaning specified in
Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC. 

Insurance Policy: With respect to any
Loan, an insurance policy covering liability and physical damage to, or loss of, the Related Property. 

Interest: For
each Accrual Period with respect to a Lender, an amount of interest accrued during such Accrual Period calculated in accordance with Section 2.4; provided that (i) no provision of this Agreement shall require
the payment or permit the collection of Interest in excess of the maximum permitted by Applicable Law and (ii) Interest shall not be considered paid by any distribution if at any time such distribution is rescinded or must otherwise be returned
for any reason. 

Interest Collections: As of any date of determination, (i) with respect to any Loan, all payments
and collections attributable to interest on such Loan, including all scheduled payments of interest and payments of interest relating to principal prepayments, all guaranty payments attributable to interest and proceeds of any liquidations, sales,
dispositions or securitizations attributable to interest on such Loan, and (ii) servicing fees, anniversary fees, amendment fees, late fees, waiver fees, prepayment fees, tax related gross-up amounts or
other amounts received in respect of Loan (other than origination fees or amounts payable in respect of original issue discount of the related Loan, which, in each case, shall be Principal Proceeds). 

Interest Collection Account: Defined in Section 6.4(f). 

Interest Priority of Payment: Defined in Section 2.7. 

Interest Rate: Subject to Section 2.14(d), for any Accrual Period, a rate equal to the Benchmark
Rate for such Accrual Period plus the Facility Margin Rate. 

Investment: With respect to any Person, any direct or
indirect loan, advance or investment by such Person in any other Person, whether by means of share purchase, capital contribution, loan or otherwise, excluding the making or acquisition of Loans and the acquisition of Equity Securities otherwise
permitted by the terms hereof which are related to such Loans. 

Investment Gains: In respect of any Loan which is
repaid, prepaid, redeemed or sold, any excess of (a) the Principal Proceeds receivable in respect thereof, over (b) the greater of (i) the par amount of such Loan and (ii) the purchase price (inclusive of transfer costs) paid by
the Borrower for such Loan, in each case net of (x) any expenses incurred in connection with any repayment, prepayment, redemption or sale thereof and (y) in the case of a sale of such Loan, any interest accrued but not paid thereon which
has not been capitalized as principal and included in the sale price thereof. 

20 

Joinder Supplement: An agreement among the Borrower, a Lender and the
Loan Agent in the form of Exhibit G to this Agreement (appropriately completed) delivered in connection with a Person becoming a Lender hereunder after the Closing Date, as contemplated by Section 13.14(a). 

Lead Lender: NatWest Markets Plc, together with its successors and assigns, including any successor appointed pursuant to
Article XII. 

Lender: Defined in the Preamble. 

Lender Fee Letter: Each fee letter agreement that shall be entered into by and among the Borrower, the Collateral Manager
and the applicable Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, as amended, modified, waived, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time. 

Level 1 Collateral Quality Test: Each of (i) the Minimum Floating Spread Test when measured against the Minimum
Floating Spread specified in clause (a) of the definition thereof, (ii) the Weighted Average Life Test when measured against the Weighted Average Life specified in the definition of Weighted Average Life Test, (iii) the WARF Test when
measured against the S&P Weighted Average Rating Factor specified in clause (a) of the definition of WARF Test and (iv) the S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate when measured against clause (a) in the definition of Minimum
S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate. 

Level 2 Collateral Quality Test: Each of (i) the Minimum Floating Spread
Test when measured against the Minimum Floating Spread specified in clause (b) of the definition thereof, (ii) the WARF Test when measured against the S&P Weighted Average Rating Factor specified in clause (b) of the definition of
WARF Test and (iii) the S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate when measured against clause (b) in the definition of Minimum S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate. 

Lien: Any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, right, claim, security interest or encumbrance of any kind of or on any
Persons assets or properties in favor of any other Person (including any UCC financing statement or any similar instrument filed against such Persons assets or properties). For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding any Loan acquired by
the Borrower hereunder meeting the requirements of an Eligible Loan, customary restrictions on transfers of a Loan pursuant to the related Underlying Instruments shall not be deemed to be a Lien. 

Liquidation Expenses: With respect to any Loan, the aggregate amount of all out-of-pocket expenses reasonably incurred by the Collateral Manager (including amounts paid to any subservicer) in accordance with the Collateral Managers customary procedures in connection with the
repossession, refurbishing and disposition of any Related Property securing such Loan upon or after the expiration or earlier termination of such Loan, and other
out-of-pocket costs related to the liquidation of any such assets, as documented by the Collateral Manager upon the request of the Lead Lender, in writing providing a
breakdown of the Liquidation Expenses for such Loan, along with any supporting documentation therefor. 

Loan: Any
commercial loan which the Collateral Manager directs the Borrower to acquire, which loan includes, without limitation, (i) the Required Loan Documents, and (ii) all right, title and interest of the Borrower in and to the loan and any
Related Property, but excluding, as applicable, the Excluded Amounts. 

21 

Loan Agent: Defined in the Preamble. 

Loan Agent Fee: The fees, expenses and indemnity amounts (including fees of counsels, experts, agents and disbursements)
payable to the Loan Agent set forth as such in the Loan Agent Fee Letter and as provided herein or in any other Transaction Documents. 

Loan Agent Fee Letter: The fee letter dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Collateral Manager, the Borrower and
Alter Domus, in its capacity as the Loan Agent, relating to the Loan Agent Fee and any costs and expenses payable to the Loan Agent hereunder, as such letter may be amended, modified, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time. 

Loan Information: For each Loan, the following documents or instruments: 

(a) an investment committee memo and the latest portfolio review prepared by the Collateral Manager in respect of the Loan; 

(b) all financial reporting provided by the Obligor(s) for at least the last three years (where available), including audited and unaudited
financial statements, covenant compliance letters and quality of earnings reports; and 

(c) execution versions of the Underlying
Instruments in respect of the Loan including, if available, the latest management presentation (or, if execution versions are not available, copies of the most recent draft versions of such Underlying Instruments). 

Loan Rate: For each Loan in an Accrual Period, the current cash pay interest rate for such Loan in such period, as
specified in the related Underlying Instruments. 

Maintenance Covenant: In respect of a Loan, a covenant by any Obligor
in the relevant Underlying Instruments to comply with one or more financial covenants (including, without limitation, any covenant relating to a borrowing base, asset valuation or similar asset-based requirement) during each reporting period,
whether or not such Obligor has taken any specified action; provided that a covenant which otherwise satisfies the definition hereof but only applies when amounts are outstanding under the related loan shall constitute a Maintenance Covenant. 

Majority Lenders: At any time, the Lenders representing an aggregate of at least 50% of the aggregate Commitments of the
Lenders then in effect; provided that the Commitment of, and the portion of any outstanding Advances, as applicable, held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Majority Lenders.

Manager Group: The Collateral Manager, together with the Borrower and the Parent. 

Margin Stock: Margin Stock as defined under Regulation U. 

22 

Market Value: With respect to any Loan, the market value determined by
the Collateral Manager in accordance with the Collateral Management Standard using the following order of priority: 

(a) The bid-side quote determined by any of Loan Pricing Corporation, LoanX Inc., MarkIt Partners, Mergent, Inc. or IDC, provided that the Lead Lender may object to the selection of any loan pricing service selected; 

(b) If not available, then: 

(i) The average of the bid-side quotes determined from three independent SEC-registered broker-dealers active in the trading of such asset (the list of eligible dealers to be agreed prior to the Closing Date, and may be amended from time to time with consent of both the Lead Lender and
the Parent); if not available, then 

(ii) If only two such bids can be obtained, the lower of the bid-side quotes of such two bids; if not available, then 

(iii) If only one such bid can
be obtained, such bid. 

(c) If the Market Value cannot be determined with clause (a) or (b) above, then for Deteriorated Obligations
only, the Market Value shall be the Appraised Value; provided that the Appraised Value has been obtained or updated with the preceding 3 months; 

(d) If the Market Value cannot be determined with clause (a) to (c) above, the Market Value shall be the lower of (i) the Market
Value as determined by the Collateral Manager exercising reasonable commercial judgement, and (ii) the Market Value as determined by the Lead Lender exercising reasonable commercial judgement; and 

(e) Otherwise, zero. 

Material Adverse Effect: With respect to any event or circumstance, means a material adverse effect on (a) the
business condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance or properties of the Collateral Manager or the Borrower (taken as a whole), (b) the validity, enforceability or collectability of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document
or the validity, enforceability or collectability of the Loans generally or any material portion of the Loans, (c) the rights and remedies of the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders and the Secured Parties with respect to matters
arising under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (d) the ability of each of the Borrower, the Retention Holder or the Collateral Manager to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction Document to
which it is a party, or (e) the status, existence, perfection, priority or enforceability of the Secured Parties lien on the Collateral. 

Material Amendment: With respect to each Lender, any amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of or to this Agreement
that would (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Advance or reduces the rate of interest thereon, or reduces any fees payable to a Lender hereunder, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of
payment of 

23 

the principal amount of any Advance, or any interest thereon, or any other amounts payable hereunder, or reduces the amount of, waives or excuses any such payment (other than the default interest
margin), or postpones the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, (iv) change any provision in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required hereby or (v) change any of the provisions of this definition or the
definition of Majority Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder. 

Maximum Availability: At any time, an amount equal to the higher of (x) zero and (y) the least of: 

(a) the product of the Advance Rate and the Borrowing Base; 

(b) the Facility Amount; and 

(c)
the Borrowing Base minus the Minimum Equity Amount. 

Measurement Date: Each of the following: (i) the
Closing Date; (ii) each Determination Date; (iii) the date of any Funding Request or Repayment Notice, as applicable; (iv) any date on which a sale of a Loan occurs and (v) each Funding Date. 

Minimum Equity Amount: U.S.$15,000,000. 

Minimum Floating Spread: (a) For purposes of compliance with the Level 1 Collateral Quality Tests, 4.65% and
(b) for purposes of compliance with the Level 2 Collateral Quality Tests, 4.00%. 

Minimum Floating Spread
Test: A test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the Weighted Average Floating Spread equals or exceeds the applicable level of the Minimum Floating Spread. 

Minimum S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate: (a) For purposes of compliance with the Level 1 Collateral Quality
Tests, 40.0% and (b) for purposes of compliance with the Level 2 Collateral Quality Tests, 36.0%. 

Moodys: Moodys Investors Service, Inc., and any successor thereto. 

Multiemployer Plan: A multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which at any time
during the current year or the preceding five years the Borrower or Collateral Manager, as applicable, or any ERISA Affiliate of the Borrower or the Collateral Manager, as applicable, contributed to, had any obligation to contribute to, or had any
liability with respect to, on behalf of its employees. 

Non-Emerging Market
Obligor: An Obligor that is Domiciled in (a) the United States of America, (b) any country that has a foreign currency government bond rating of at least Aa3 by Moodys and a foreign currency issuer credit rating
of at least AA- by S&P or (c) a Tax Jurisdiction. 

24 

Non-Recourse Party: Defined in
Section 13.11(d). 

Noteless Loan: A Loan (a) with respect to which the Underlying
Instruments (i) do not require the Obligor to execute and deliver a promissory note to evidence the indebtedness created under such Loan or (ii) do not require any holder of the indebtedness created under such Loan to affirmatively request
a promissory note from the related Obligor or (b) for which the Borrower does not receive a promissory note. 

Obligor: With respect to any Loan, any Person or Persons obligated to make payments pursuant to or with respect to such
Loan, including any guarantor thereof. 

Officers Certificate: A certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of
the Person providing the applicable certification, as the case may be. 

Opinion of Counsel: A written opinion of
counsel, which opinion and counsel are acceptable to the Lead Lender and the Loan Agent, in their reasonable discretion. 

Originated Loan: A Loan in respect of which the Retention Holder was the originator for the purposes of the
Securitisation Regulations. 

Originator Requirement: At any time, the condition that the aggregate principal balance of
all Originated Loans divided by the aggregate principal balance of all Loans is greater than 50 per cent. 

Other Connection
Taxes: With respect to any recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Indemnified Party and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than any connection arising solely from the Indemnified Party
having executed, delivered, become party to, performed its obligations or received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Transaction Document). 

Other Taxes: Defined in Section 13.9(b). 

Parent: AB Private Credit Investors Corporation, a Maryland corporation. 

Payment Date: The 28th day of each January, April, July and October,
commencing in July 2025, or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day. 

Payment Date Report:
Defined in Section 6.7(b). 

Pension Plan: Defined in
Section 4.1(bb). 

Permitted Investments At any time: 

(1) 

direct interest bearing obligations of, and interest bearing obligations guaranteed as to timely payment of
principal and interest by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States, the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States; 

25 

(2) 

demand or time deposits in, certificates of deposit of, demand notes of, or bankers acceptances issued by
any depository institution or trust company organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof (including any federal or state branch or agency of a foreign depository institution or trust company) and subject to supervision and
examination by federal and/or state banking authorities (including, if applicable, USB (or one of its Affiliates) or the Lead Lender or any agent thereof acting in its commercial capacity); provided that, the short-term unsecured debt obligations of
such depository institution or trust company at the time of such investment, or contractual commitment providing for such investment, are rated at least A-1 by S&Ps and P-1 by Moodys; 

(3) 

commercial paper that (i) is payable in Dollars and (ii) is rated at least A-1 by S&Ps and P-1 by Moodys; and 

(4) 

units of money market funds rated in the highest credit rating category by each of S&P and Moodys.

No Permitted Investment shall have an f, r, p, pi, q,
sf or t subscript affixed to its S&P rating. Any such investment may be made or acquired from or through the Collateral Agent or the Lead Lender or any of their respective affiliates, or any entity for whom the Lead
Lender, USB or any of their respective affiliates provides services and receives compensation (so long as such investment otherwise meets the applicable requirements of the foregoing definition of Permitted Investment at the time of acquisition).
The Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, and Document Custodian shall have no obligation to determine or oversee compliance with the foregoing. 

Permitted Liens: Any of the following as to which no enforcement, collection, execution, levy or foreclosure proceeding
shall have been commenced (a) Liens for Taxes if such Taxes shall not at the time be due and payable or if a Person shall currently be contesting the validity thereof in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves
in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Person, (b) Liens imposed by law, such as materialmens, warehousemens, mechanics, carriers, workmens and repairmens Liens and other similar
Liens, arising by operation of law in the ordinary course of business for sums that are not overdue or are being contested in good faith and (c) Liens granted pursuant to or by the Transaction Documents. 

Person: An individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, joint stock company, trust (including a
statutory or business trust), unincorporated association, sole proprietorship, joint venture, government (or any agency or political subdivision thereof) or other entity (and, for purposes of the definition of the term Sanctioned
Person, any group, sector, territory or country). 

PIK Obligation: Any Loan on which a portion (but not all)
of the interest accrued for a specified portion of time or until the maturity thereof is, or at the option of the Obligor may be, added to the principal balance of such Loan or otherwise deferred rather than being paid in cash; provided that a Loan
that requires by the terms of its applicable Underlying Instrument interest to be paid in cash at a rate of (in the case of a PIK Obligation that is a Fixed Rate Loan) at least 4.00% 

26 

and (in the case of a PIK Obligation that is a Floating Rate Loan) at least the Reference Rate plus 1.00% per annum shall be deemed not to be a PIK Obligation hereunder. For the avoidance of
doubt, (i) a Zero Coupon Obligation shall be deemed not to be a PIK Obligation hereunder and (ii) if the Obligor under a PIK Obligor fails to make a required cash interest payment thereunder, such PIK Obligation shall become a Defaulted
Obligation. 

Pledge: The pledge of any Eligible Loan pursuant to Article II. 

Pledge Agreement: That certain Pledge Agreement in respect of the Borrower, dated as of the date hereof between the Parent,
as pledgor, and the Collateral Agent, as pledgee, as such Pledge Agreement may from time to time be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Predecessor Collateral Manager Work Product: Defined in Section 6.12(d). 

Prepayment Penalty: An amount, payable pro rata to each Lender to the extent the Agreement is terminated or the
Facility Amount is reduced in part and the Prepayment Penalty is required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.3(a) on or prior to the Reinvestment Period End Date (except in the case of any termination or reduction in part in
connection with an Term CLO), equal to (a) the principal amount of Advances prepaid on the date of such termination or reduction, multiplied by (b) the Facility Margin Rate, multiplied by (c) the quotient of the period beginning on
the date of such termination or reduction to (but excluding) the Reinvestment Period End Date divided by 360, as determined by the Lead Lender. 

Prime Rate: For any day, the rate of interest in effect for such day that is identified and normally published by The Wall
Street Journal as the Prime Rate (or, if more than one rate is published as the Prime Rate, then the highest of such rates), with any change in Prime Rate to become effective as of the date the rate of interest which is so identified as
the Prime Rate is different from that published on the preceding Business Day. If The Wall Street Journal no longer reports the Prime Rate, or if the Prime Rate no longer exists, or the Lead Lender determines in a commercially reasonable
manner in good faith that the rate so reported no longer accurately reflects an accurate determination of the prevailing Prime Rate, then the Lead Lender may select a reasonably comparable index or source consistent with the index or source the Lead
Lender is then using as Lead Lender in similarly situated facilities to use as the basis for the Prime Rate, and shall provide such notice to the Loan Agent (with a copy to the Collateral Agent). 

Principal Balance: With respect to each Loan, as of any Determination Date, the principal amount outstanding thereof
(disregarding any accrued or capitalized interest), multiplied by the lesser of (i) 100% and (ii) the least of: 

(a) in respect of any
Discount Obligation, the purchase price thereof expressed as a percentage; 

(b) in respect of any Deteriorated Obligation, the Market Value
thereof (expressed as a percentage); 

(c) in respect of any Watchlist Obligation, (i) for the first 12 months after the date such Loan
is first classified as a Watchlist Obligation, the lesser of (x) the Market Value thereof (expressed as a percentage) and (y) the Rating Agency Recovery Value) and (ii) thereafter, zero; 

27 

(d) in respect of any Ineligible Loan and Defaulted Obligation and any Loans or portions
thereof constituting any Excess Concentration Amounts (except to the extent set forth in the definition of CM Assigned CE), zero. 

Principal Collections: As of any date of determination, (i) any amounts deposited by the Borrower in accordance with
Section 2.20(a)(i), (ii) with respect to any Loan, all amounts received which are not Interest Collections, including all Recoveries, all proceeds from any Insurance Policy, all scheduled payments of principal and principal
prepayments and all guaranty payments and proceeds of any liquidations, sales, dispositions or securitizations, in each case, attributable to the principal of such Loan and (iii) all interest and other amounts received in respect of any
Defaulted Obligation. 

Principal Collections Account: Defined in Section 6.4(f). 

Principal Priority of Payment: Defined in Section 2.8(a). 

Pro Rata Share: With respect to a Lender, the percentage obtained by dividing the Commitment of such Lender (as determined
under clause (a) of the definition of Commitment) by the aggregate Commitments of all the Lenders (as determined under clause (a) of the definition of Commitment). 

Proceeds: With respect to any Collateral, all property that is receivable or received when such Collateral is collected,
sold, liquidated, foreclosed, exchanged, or otherwise disposed of, whether such disposition is voluntary or involuntary, and includes all rights to payment with respect to any insurance relating to such Collateral. 

Project Finance Loan: A loan obligation under which the Obligor is obliged to make payments that depend (except for rights
or other assets designed to assure the servicing or timely distribution of payments) on revenues arising from infrastructure assets, including, without limitation: 

(a) the sale of products, such as electricity, water, gas or oil, generated by one or more infrastructure assets in the utility industry by a
special purpose entity; and 

(b) fees charged in respect of one or more highways, bridges, tunnels, pipelines or other infrastructure
assets by a special purpose entity, 

in each case, the sole activity of such special purpose entity is the ownership and/or management of
such asset or assets and the acquisition and/or development of such asset by the special purpose entity was effected primarily with the proceeds of debt financing made available to it on a limited recourse basis. 

Publicly Rated Obligation: Any Loan with a public rating (not including credit estimates) from a rating agency. 

28 

Purchase and Sale Agreement: The Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of
the date hereof, between the Parent, as the seller, and the Borrower, as the purchaser, as amended, modified, waived, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time. 

Qualified Institution: A depository institution or trust company organized under the laws of the United States of America
or any one of the States thereof or the District of Columbia (or any domestic branch of a foreign bank), (i)(a) that has either (1) a long-term unsecured debt rating of A or better by S&P and A2 or better by
Moodys or (2) a short-term unsecured debt rating or certificate of deposit rating of A-1 or better by S&P or P-1 or better by
Moodys, (b) the parent corporation of which has either (1) a long-term unsecured debt rating of A or better by S&P and A2 or better by Moodys or (2) a short-term unsecured debt rating or
certificate of deposit rating of A-1 or better by S&P and P-1 or better by Moodys or (c) is otherwise acceptable to the Lead
Lender and (ii) the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 

Quarterly Reporting
Date: Each of the Determination Dates occurring in January, April, July and October, beginning with the Determination Date occurring in July 2025. 

Ramp-Up Period: The period beginning on the Closing Date, and ending on the six
month anniversary thereof or, following any reduction in the Advances outstanding in connection with a Term CLO, 6 months following the related CLO Closing Date. 

Rating Agency Recovery Rate: The Recovery Rate for the Loan determined using the criteria of S&P. 

Records: All documents relating to the Loans, including books, records and other information executed in connection with
the origination or acquisition of the Collateral or maintained with respect to the Collateral and the related Obligors in which the Borrower or the Collateral Manager have obtained an interest. 

Recoveries: As of the time any Related Property with respect to any Loan is sold, discarded or abandoned (after a
determination by the Collateral Manager that such Related Property has little or no remaining value) or otherwise determined to be fully liquidated by the Collateral Manager in accordance with the Collateral Management Standard (or such similar
policies and procedures utilized by the Collateral Manager in servicing the Loans), the proceeds from the sale of the Related Property, the proceeds of any related Insurance Policy, any other recoveries with respect to such Loan, the Related
Property, and amounts representing late fees and penalties, net of Liquidation Expenses and amounts, if any, received that are required under such Loan, to be refunded to the related Obligor. 

Recurring Revenue Obligation: Any Loan issued by an Obligor that (i) provides software and technology services,
healthcare information technology, or digital infrastructure and services (including cell towers), and (ii) is underwritten on the basis of debt to recurring revenue or debt to an asset-level cash flow multiple. 

Reference Rate: In relation to any Advance, a rate per annum equal to the greater of (a) the Prime Rate in
effect on such day and (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50% and if that rate is less than zero, the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 

29 

Register: Defined in Section 13.16(b). 

Registered: A debt obligation that was issued after July 18, 1984 and that is in registered form within the meaning of
Section 5f.103-1(c) of the Treasury Regulations. 

Regulation U: Regulation
U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 12 C.F.R. 221, or any successor regulation. 

Reinvestment OC
Test: A test satisfied on any Determination Date if the Senior OC Ratio as of such date is greater than or equal to a percentage equal to (x) one divided by the applicable Advance Rate, minus (y) 5%. 

Reinvestment Period: The period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the earlier to occur of (i) the
Reinvestment Period End Date, (ii) the occurrence of a Termination Event under clauses (b), (d), (f), (k) or (o) of the definition thereof and (iii) the date of any voluntary termination by the Borrower pursuant to
Section 2.3(a). 

Reinvestment Period End Date: March 21, 2028 or such later date as may
be agreed between the Borrower and the Lead Lender. 

Related Property: With respect to a Loan, any property or other
assets designated and pledged or mortgaged as collateral to secure repayment of such Loan, including, without limitation, mortgaged property and/or a pledge of the stock, membership or other ownership interests in the related Obligor and all
Proceeds from any sale or other disposition of such property or other assets. 

Related Security: As used herein, all of
the Borrowers right, title and interest in and to: 

(a) any Related Property securing a Loan and all Recoveries related thereto, all
payments paid in respect thereof and all monies due, to become due and paid in respect thereof accruing after the applicable Funding Date and all liquidation proceeds; 

(b) all Required Loan Documents related to any Loan and any Records; 

(c) all Insurance Policies with respect to any Loan; 

(d) all Liens, guaranties, indemnities, warranties, letters of credit, accounts, bank accounts and property subject thereto from time to time
purporting to secure or support payment of any Loan, together with all UCC financing statements, mortgages or similar filings signed or authorized by an Obligor relating thereto; 

(e) the Accounts, to the extent amounts on deposit therein or credited thereto relate to the Collateral, together with all cash and investments
in each of the foregoing other than amounts earned on investments therein (excluding any Excluded Amounts that may be on deposit therein); 

(f) all records (including computer records) evidencing the foregoing; and 

30 

(g) all collections, income, payments, proceeds and other benefits of each of the foregoing.

Relevant Nominating Body: Any applicable central bank, regulator or other supervisory authority or a group of them, or
any working group or committee sponsored or chaired by, or constituted at the request of, any of them or the Financial Stability Board. 

Repayment Notice: Each written notice required to be delivered by the Borrower in respect of (a) any reduction of the
Advances Outstanding pursuant to Section 2.3(b), in the form of Exhibit A-2 or (b) any termination in whole or reduction in part of the Facility Amount pursuant to
Section 2.3(a), in the form of Exhibit A-2. 

Reportable
Event: Means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than an event for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 

Reporting Date: The date that is two (2) Business Days prior to the last day of each calendar month (unless in such
month a Payment Date occurs, in which case two (2) Business Days prior to such Payment Date), beginning in May 2025. 

Reporting Trigger: As of any date of determination, the occurrence of any of the following events: 

a) the date falling 3 months after the end of the Reinvestment Period; 

b) the Senior OC Test or the Reinvestment OC Test is failing as of such date and a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Manager has knowledge
of such event; 

c) as of any date following the nine month anniversary of the Closing Date, the Diversity Score is less than 12 and has
not been cured within 10 Business Days the date a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Manager has knowledge of such event; and 

d) the
Facility LTV Test is not satisfied as of such date and has not been cured within 10 Business Days after the date a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Manager has knowledge of such event (which cure may be done through any combination of equity
contribution, asset sale and paydown of Advances outstanding); 

provided that for purposes of this definition, the Collateral
Manager shall be deemed to have knowledge of the failure of any applicable test set forth in clauses (b) through (d) above if it receives a daily cash report from the Collateral Agent reflecting such failure, providedfurther that
the Collateral Manager shall notify the Lead Lender in writing (which may be by email) of any such failure of which it has knowledge. 

Representative: Any partner, director, officer, employee, agent, trustee, administrators, manager, advisor or service
provider. 

Required Loan Documents: For each Loan, the following documents or instruments: 

31 

(a) (i) if such Loan is not a Noteless Note or such Loan has a promissory note issued
in the name of the Borrower, the original executed promissory note (or, in the case of a lost note, a copy of the executed underlying promissory note accompanied by an original executed affidavit and indemnity to the Collateral Agent) endorsed by
the Borrower in blank (and an unbroken chain of endorsements from each prior holder of such promissory note to the Borrower), or (ii) if such promissory note is not issued in the name of the Borrower or is a Noteless Loan, an executed copy of
each assignment and assumption agreement, transfer document or instrument relating to such Loan evidencing the assignment of such Loan from any prior third party owner thereof to the Borrower and from the Borrower in blank; 

(b) to the extent the following can be obtained without undue expense or effort for the related Loan, copies of the executed
(i) guaranty, (ii) underlying credit or loan agreement (or similar agreement pursuant to which the related Loan has been issued or created), (iii) acquisition agreement (or similar agreement), (iv) any Intercreditor or subordination agreement
(if applicable) and (v) security agreement or other agreement that secures the obligations represented by such Loan; and 

(c) with
respect to any Loan originated by the Parent and with respect to which the Parent acts as collateral agent (or in a comparable capacity), copies of the UCC-1 Financing Statements, if any, and any related
continuation statements, each showing the Obligor, as debtor and the Parent as secured party and each with evidence of filing thereon. 

Required Reporting: For any Quarterly Reporting Date, the information specified below in respect of each relevant Loan
determined as of the immediately preceding Determination Date: 

(a) financial metrics including at least the latest gross debt, net debt
(as per figures in latest compliance certificates), LTV, operating cashflow, EBITDA and interest expense figures (in spreadsheet format if preferred by the Collateral Manager) in respect of the relevant Obligor(s), which have been updated at least
quarterly; 

(b) to the extent available to the Borrower, any credit rating or Credit Estimate in respect of the Loan; 

(c) details of all interest, principal and other collections received or receivable by the Borrower during the Accrual Period ending on the
relevant Determination Date, plus the details of any interest received by the Borrower by way of capitalized or payment in kind interest during such Accrual Period; 

(d) an indication as to whether such Loan has become, or has ceased to be, a Defaulted Obligation, Watchlist Obligation or Deteriorated
Obligation (since the prior Measurement Date if there is one); and 

(e) details of any Specified Event that have occurred in respect of
such Loan (since the prior Measurement Date if there is one). 

Responsible Officer: With respect to any Person, any
duly authorized officer, including any vice president, assistant vice president, treasurer, assistant treasurer, trust officer, associate or any other officer, of such Person with direct responsibility for the administration of this Agreement and
also, with respect to a particular matter, any other duly authorized officer of such Person to whom such matter is referred because of such officers knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject. 

32 

Restricted Industry Groups: Each of the following Industries: 

(a) Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels 

(b) Metals & Mining 

(c) Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 

(d) Retailing 

(e)
Aerospace & Defense 

provided that (x) any software and other non-physical
service providers for whom the Collateral Manager can reasonably demonstrate that demand for their offering is not directly linked to volumes and prices of the underlying commodity or other cyclical risk, (y) any Obligor that is a quick service
restaurant-style franchisor or franchisee and (z) any other Obligors as determined by the Lead Lender in its sole discretion, upon the request of the Collateral Manager, shall be deemed to not belong in a Restricted Industry Group. 

Restricted Junior Payment: (i) Any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any class of limited
liability company interests of the Borrower now or hereafter outstanding, except a dividend paid solely in interests of that class of limited liability company interests or in any junior class of limited liability company interests of the Borrower;
(ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any class of limited liability company interests of the Borrower now or hereafter outstanding, (iii) any
payment made to redeem, purchase, repurchase or retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire limited liability company interests of the Borrower now or hereafter outstanding and (iv) any
payment of management fees by the Borrower (except for the Collateral Management Fee). For the avoidance of doubt payments and reimbursements due to the Collateral Manager in accordance with the terms of this Agreement on any Payment Date do not
constitute Restricted Junior Payments. 

Retained Interest: The meaning specified in the Purchase and Sale Agreement.

Retention Holder: Parent. 

Retention Requirements: The EU Retention Requirements and the UK Retention Requirements. 

Revolving Obligation: Any debt obligation (other than a Delayed Drawdown Obligation) that is a loan (including, without
limitation, revolving loans, funded and unfunded positions of revolving credit lines and letter of credit facilities, unfunded commitments under specific facilities and other similar loans and investments) that pursuant to the terms of its
Underlying Instruments may require one or more future advances to be made and may be repaid and redrawn; but any such debt obligation will be a Revolving Obligation only until all commitments to make advances expire or are terminated or reduced to
zero. 

33 

Risk Retention Event: Any material breach by the Borrower or the Parent
of its respective obligations or representations under Article XIV, in each case, which has been continuing for not less than 30 consecutive calendar days. 

Risk Retention Draw Stop Event: Any breach by the Borrower or the Parent of its respective obligations or representations
under Article XIV. 

S&P: Standard & Poors Ratings Services, a division of Standard &
Poors Financial Services LLC business, and any successor thereto. 

S&P Rating: The rating as provided by
S&P whether public or credit estimate. 

S&P Rating Factor: With respect to each Loan, the rating factor
determined in accordance with the table below using such Loans S&P Rating: 

S&P Weighted Average Rating Factor: With respect to all Loans in the Collateral,
(a) the sum of the product of (i) the principal balance of each such Loan and (ii) the S&P Rating Factor divided by (b) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all such Loans. 

34 

S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate: As of any date of determination,
the number, expressed as a percentage and determined for obligations rated AAA, obtained by summing the products obtained by multiplying the principal balance of each Loan (excluding any Defaulted Obligation) by its corresponding
recovery rate provided by S&P (or if not provided, as determined in accordance with Schedule VIII), dividing such sum by the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all such Loans (excluding any Defaulted Obligation), and rounding to the
nearest tenth of a percent. 

Sanction or Sanctions: Individually and collectively, respectively, any
and all economic or financial sanctions, sectoral sanctions, trade embargoes and anti-terrorism laws imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by: (a) the United States of America, including those administered by OFAC, the U.S. State
Department, the U.S. Department of Commerce, or through any existing or future executive order, (b) the United Nations Security Council, (c) the European Union, (d) His Majestys Treasury, or (e) any other Governmental
Authorities with jurisdiction over the Borrower, the Parent or the Collateral Manager. 

Sanctioned Person: Any Person
that is a target of Sanctions, who is a designated target of Sanctions or is otherwise a subject of Sanctions (including without limitation as a result of being (a) owned or controlled directly or indirectly by any person which is a designated
target of Sanctions, or (b) incorporated or organized under the laws of, or a citizen or resident of, any country, territory or geographical region that is a target of or is subject to country-wide or comprehensive Sanctions (including, without
limitation, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, the so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic regions of Ukraine, or
Russia). 

Scheduled Payment: Each scheduled payment of principal and/or interest required to be made by an Obligor on
the related Loan, as adjusted pursuant to the terms of the related Required Loan Documents, if applicable. 

Second Lien
Loan: A Loan (other than Senior Secured Loan or Senior Secured Last Out Loan) with a junior contractual claim on tangible or intangible property (which property is subject to a prior lien (other than customary permitted liens, such as, but
not limited to, any tax liens) to secure payment of a debt or the fulfilment of a contractual obligation; provided that, any Loan that would be a Senior Secured Loan except, that the super priority facilities amount to greater
than or equal to 2.5x EBITDA will be deemed a Second Lien Loan. 

Secured Party: (i) Each Lender, (ii) the
Collateral Agent, (iii) the Document Custodian, (iv) the Securities Intermediary, (v) the Loan Agent and (vi) the Lead Lender. 

Securitisation Regulations: The EU Securitisation Regulation and the UK Securitisation Regulation. 

Securities Account: The meaning specified in Section 8-501 of the UCC. 

Securities Account Control Agreement: The Securities Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the
Borrower, as the debtor, the Collateral Manager, the Lead Lender, the Collateral Agent and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the Securities Intermediary, as the same may be amended, modified, waived, supplemented or restated from time to time. 

35 

Securities Intermediary: (i) A Clearing Corporation; or (ii) a
Person, including a bank or broker, that in the ordinary course of its business maintains Securities Accounts for others and is acting in that capacity; initially the Securities Intermediary shall be U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION. 

Security: The meaning specified in Section 9-102(a)(15) of the UCC. 

Security Certificate: The meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(16) of the
UCC. 

Security Entitlement: The meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(17)
of the UCC. 

Senior Expense Cap: $250,000. 

Senior Loan Tests: The Senior OC Test and the Reinvestment OC Test. 

Senior OC Ratio: A percentage equivalent of a fraction, the numerator of which is the Adjusted Borrowing Base and the
denominator of which is the Adjusted Advances Outstanding. 

Senior OC Test: A test satisfied on any Determination Date
if the Senior OC Ratio as of such date is greater than or equal to a percentage equal to (x) one divided by the applicable Advance Rate, minus (y) 10%. 

Senior Secured Loan: Any debt obligation that constitutes borrowed money and is in the form of, or represented by, a note
(other than any note evidencing a Loan), certificated debt security or other debt security that: (a) that is secured by a valid and perfected first priority lien on substantially all of the Obligors assets constituting related collateral
(subject to customary exceptions for permitted liens), (b) that provides that the payment obligation of the Obligor on such Loan is either senior to, or pari passu with, and is not (and cannot by its terms become) subordinate in right of payment to
all other indebtedness of such obligor (subject to customary exceptions for permitted liens including an Obligors obligations thereunder in respect of its trade claims, accounts, receivables, inventory, capitalized leases and similar
obligations, and other than customary super priority facilities which are lower than 1.3x EBITDA, including any undrawn amounts under such facilities, subject to any waivers to this limit agreed by the Lead Lender), (c) for which liens
on the related collateral securing any other outstanding indebtedness of the Obligor (including liens securing second lien loans) is expressly subject to and contractually or structurally subordinate to the priority liens securing such first lien
loan and (d) that the Collateral Manager determines in accordance with the Collateral Management Standard that the value of the related collateral (or the enterprise value) and ability to generate cash flow on or about the time of origination
equals or exceeds the outstanding balance of the loan asset plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other indebtedness of equal seniority secured by the same related collateral. 

Senior Secured Last Out Loan: A Loan that would be a Senior Secured Loan, except that the super priority
facilities amount to greater than 1.3x but less than 2.5x EBITDA. 

36 

Senior Secured Note: Any Loan (a) that is secured by a valid and
perfected first priority lien on substantially all of the Obligors assets constituting related collateral, (b) that provides that the payment obligation of the Obligor on such Loan is either senior to, or pari passu with, and is not (and
cannot by its terms become) subordinate in right of payment to all other indebtedness of such obligor (other than customary super priority facilities which are lower than 1.3x EBITDA, including any undrawn amounts under such facilities,
subject to any waivers to this limit agreed by the Lead Lender), (c) for which liens on the related collateral securing any other outstanding indebtedness of the Obligor (including liens securing second lien loans) is expressly subject to and
contractually or structurally subordinate to the priority liens securing such first lien loan, and (d) that the Collateral Manager determines in accordance with the Collateral Management Standard that the value of the related collateral (or the
enterprise value) and ability to generate cash flow on or about the time of origination equals or exceeds the outstanding balance of the loan asset plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other indebtedness of equal seniority secured by the
same related collateral. 

SOFR: With respect to any day, means, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight
financing rate published for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New Yorks Website. 

Solvent: As to any Person at any time, having a state of affairs such that all of the following conditions are met:
(a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the amount of such Persons liabilities (including disputed, contingent and unliquidated liabilities) as such value is established and liabilities evaluated for purposes of
Section 101(32) of the Bankruptcy Code; (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of such Person in an orderly liquidation of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such
Person on its debts and other liabilities as they become absolute and matured; (c) such Person is able to realize upon its property and pay its debts and other liabilities (including disputed, contingent and unliquidated liabilities) as they
mature in the normal course of business; (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Persons ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature; and (e) such Person
is not engaged in a business or a transaction, and does not propose to engage in a business or a transaction, for which such Persons property assets would constitute unreasonably small capital. 

Specified Event: Any of the following events: 

(i) 

non-payment of interest or principal for 5 Business Days (or such
longer grace period as set forth in the Underlying Instruments); 

(ii) 

rescheduling of any interest or principal in any part of the capital structure of the related Obligor (other
than as set forth in the underlying instruments); 

(iii) 

any material breach of a covenant by such Obligor (provided that any breach of a financial covenant requiring
the obligor to maintain certain leverage or liquidity multiples shall be considered material); 

(iv) 

any restructuring or amendment of debt of such Obligor that: 

37 

a. 

contractually or structurally subordinates such Loan by operation of priority of payments, turnover provisions,
or the transfer of assets in order to limit recourse to the related Obligor or the granting of liens on any of the underlying collateral securing such Loan; 

b. 

causes the Loan to no longer meet the Eligibility Criteria; 

c. 

results in a material adverse impact on the value of such Loan as determined by the Collateral Manager, acting
reasonably; or 

d. 

is a result of actual or expected adverse performance of the Obligor (as determined by the Collateral Manager,
acting reasonably); 

(v) 

the sale of a material asset that forms part of the security package of such Loan; 

(vi) 

the reduction in the Cash interest rate payable by the Obligor thereunder (excluding any increase in an
interest rate arising by operation of a default or penalty interest clause under a Loan) (for the avoidance of doubt exercising a PIK toggle or similar that was already in place in the underlying loan documentation shall not be a Specified Event);

(vii) 

a maturity amendment (excluding the refinancing of a Loan that is not a result of actual or expected adverse
performance of the obligor, as reasonably determined by the Collateral Manager); 

(viii) 

any amendment that would provide for the addition of payment-in-kind terms of such Loan; 

(ix) 

for non-recurring revenue obligations, has seen net debt (as per
figures in latest compliance certificates) / EBITDA increase by 1x since the last credit estimate was obtained (excluding any Loan for which there was underwriting expectation of leverage increase or any Loan for which such increase does not
represent credit deterioration) (excluding foreseen increases of leverage due to Delayed Drawdown Obligations that were unfunded at closing of the loan, based on the Collateral Managers commercially reasonably determination at
acquisition/origination); 

(x) 

for Recurring Revenue Obligations, net debt (as per figures in latest compliance certificates) /annualized
recurring revenue has increased by 0.5x since the last credit estimate was received (excluding any Loan for which there was an underwriting expectation of leverage increase or any Loan for which such increase does not represent credit
deterioration); and 

(xi) 

has not received for a new credit estimate in the last 12 months (unless an application for a new credit
estimate has been submitted). 

In the event of unexpected delay of payment or deliverables at the fault of a 3rd party service provider, a grace period of 5 Business Days shall be granted (or such longer grace period as set forth in the underlying instruments). 

38 

Structured Finance Security: Any obligation secured directly by,
referenced to, or representing ownership of the cash flows of a pool of receivables or other financial assets, either fixed or revolving, including (but not limited to) collateral debt obligations, collateral loan obligations, asset backed
securities, mortgage backed securities or any other securitization, or any resecuritization thereof, synthetic variants of any of the foregoing (where relevant), credit-linked notes and credit-linked loans. 

Subsidiary: As to any Person, a corporation, partnership or other entity of which such Person owns directly or indirectly
more than 50 percent of the ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) for the election of directors or other managers of such corporation,
partnership or other entity. 

Successor Collateral Manager: Defined in Section 6.12(a). 

Supermajority Lenders: At any time, the Lenders representing an aggregate of at least 66 2/3% of the aggregate Commitments
of the Lenders then in effect; provided that the Commitment of, and the portion of any outstanding Advances, as applicable, held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Supermajority
Lenders. 

Synthetic Security: A security or swap transaction (other than a letter of credit or a participation) that
has payments of interest or principal on one or more reference obligations or the credit performance of one or more reference obligations. 

Tax Jurisdiction: A sovereign jurisdiction that is commonly used as the place of organization of special purpose vehicles
(including, by way of example, the Cayman Islands, Ireland, Bermuda, Curaao, St. Maarten and the Channel Islands). 

Taxes: Any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, withholdings (including backup withholdings),
deductions, assessments or fees of any nature (including interest, penalties, and additions thereto) that are imposed by any Governmental Authority. 

Term CLO: Any collateralized loan obligation or collateralized debt obligation offering or other asset securitization or
structured finance issuance, for which (a) the Collateral Manager or an affiliate of the Collateral Manager acts as the portfolio manager, (b) as to which the notes being issued will be secured by Loans, and (c) the Lead Lender has
provided approval. In connection with a Term CLO, each of the Facility LTV Test, the Level 1 Collateral Quality Tests and Concentration Limits must be satisfied on a pro forma basis after giving effect to any transfer of Loans and repayment of
Advances on the related CLO Closing Date. 

Term SOFR: For any calculation with respect to each Accrual Period, the Term
SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of three months on the Term SOFR Determination Day for such Accrual Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. on any Term SOFR
Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the
first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR 

39 

Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government
Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day; provided, further that for any Accrual Period of less than or greater than three months, Term SOFR shall be the rate determined through the use of straight-line interpolation
by reference to two rates calculated in accordance with the foregoing, one of which shall be determined as if the period referred to above were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the Accrual Period and the other of
which shall be determined as if such period were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the Accrual Period. 

Term SOFR Administrator: The CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term
SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Lead Lender in its reasonable discretion). 

Term SOFR Determination Day: With
respect to any Accrual Period, the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Accrual Period. 

Term SOFR Reference Rate: The rate per annum determined by the Term SOFR Administrator as the forward-looking term rate
based on SOFR. 

Termination Date: The earliest of (a) the date of the termination in whole of the Facility Amount
pursuant to Section 2.3(a), (b) the Facility Maturity Date or (c) the date of the declaration of the Termination Date or the date of the automatic occurrence of the Termination Date pursuant to
Section 10.2(a). 

Termination Event: Defined in Section 10.1. 

Transaction: Defined in Section 3.2. 

Transaction Documents: This Agreement, the Purchase and Sale Agreement, the Securities Account Control Agreement, each
Lender Fee Letter, any Joinder Supplement, any Transferee Letter, the Document Custodian Fee Letter, the Loan Agent Fee Letter, the Pledge Agreement and any additional document executed by the Borrower or any of its Affiliates in connection with
this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Instruments are not Transaction Documents. 

Transferee
Letter: Defined in Section 13.16. 

UCC: The Uniform Commercial Code as from time to
time in effect in the applicable jurisdiction or jurisdictions. 

UK: The United Kingdom. 

UK PRA Securitisation Rules or UK PRASR: The Securitisation Part of the UK PRA Rulebook. 

UK PRA Rulebook: The rulebook of published policy of the PRA. 

40 

UK Retention Requirements: UK SECN 5 and Article 6 of Chapter 2 of the UK
PRASR together with Chapter 4 of the UK PRASR, including any other implementing regulation, technical standards and official guidance related thereto. 

UK SECN: The securitisation sourcebook of the FCA Handbook. 

UK Securitisation Regulation: The UKs Securitisation Regulations 2024 (SI 2024/102) (including any implementing
regulation, secondary legislation, technical and official guidance relating thereto (in each case, unless the context suggests otherwise, as amended, varied or substituted from time to time). 

UK Due Diligence Requirements: Article 5 of Chapter 2 of the UK PRASR and UK SECN 4, including any other implementing
regulation, technical standards and official guidance related thereto. 

Uncertificated Security: The meaning specified
in Section 8-102(a)(l8) of the UCC. 

Underlying Instruments: The loan
agreement, credit agreement or other agreement pursuant to which a Loan or Permitted Investment has been issued or created and each other agreement that governs the terms of or secures the obligations represented by such Loan or Permitted Investment
or of which the holders of such Loan or Permitted Investment are the beneficiaries. 

Unfunded Exposure Account: Defined
in Section 6.4(h). 

United States: The United States of America. 

Unmatured Termination Event: Any event (other than events described in Section 10.1(e) and
Section 10.1(f) and in the case of Section 10.1(f), due to the occurrence of an event described in Section 6.11(d)) that, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time,
or both, would become a Termination Event. 

Unrestricted Cash: The meaning of Unrestricted Cash or any
comparable definition in the Underlying Instruments for each Loan, and in any case that Unrestricted Cash or such comparable definition is not defined in such Underlying Instruments, all cash available for use for general corporate
purposes and not held in any reserve account or legally or contractually restricted for any particular purposes or subject to any lien (other than blanket liens permitted under or granted in accordance with such Underlying Instruments). 

Unused Portion: Defined in Section 2.13(a). 

U.S. Government Securities Business Day: Any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S. Person: Any Person that is a United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

41 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate: Defined in
Section 2.17(e). 

WARF Test: A test that shall be satisfied on any date of determination if
the S&P Weighted Average Rating Factor of the Loans is less than or equal to (a) for purposes of compliance with the Level 1 Collateral Quality Tests, 3900 and (b) for purposes of compliance with the Level 2 Collateral
Quality Tests, 4020. 

Watchlist Obligation: A Loan in respect of which, as of any date of determination, any
one or more of the following applies as determined by the Borrower: 

(a) 

there has occurred and is continuing a default with respect to the payment of interest or principal when due
beyond the grace period (if any) permitted by the related Underlying Instrument; 

(b) 

an Insolvency Event has occurred in respect of an Obligor; 

(c) 

there has occurred a material breach of obligations or material misrepresentation constituting an event of
default in accordance with the definition thereof set forth in the Underlying Instruments for such Loan and the holders of such Loan therefore have exercised their right to accelerate all or a portion of the principal amount thereof or take any
other enforcement action and such acceleration or other action has not been rescinded or waived; 

42 

(d) 

in the case of any Loan that is not a Recurring Revenue Obligation, EBITDA is negative; provided that
any such Loan shall no longer constitute a Watchlist Obligation if EBITDA is positive for two consecutive calendar quarters or reporting periods; 

(e) 

the Collateral Manager determines the Loan should be treated as a Defaulted Obligation; 

(f) 

there is a requirement to obtain a new credit estimate with respect to such Loan and the Collateral Manager has
not notified the Rating Agency within 10 business days since the Collateral Manager has become aware of such requirement; provided that upon the Collateral Manager requesting a new credit estimate such Loan will no longer constitute a
Watchlist Obligation; or 

(g) 

the Borrower has failed to comply with Required Reporting for more than 180 consecutive days; provided
that, with respect to the first failure of the Borrower to comply with the Required Reporting only, if the Required Reporting is subsequently provided, such Loan will no longer constitute a Watchlist Obligation; 

and in each case, except as set forth above, shall continue indefinitely to be a Watchlist Obligation; provided that if the Lead Lender otherwise
consents thereto (which consent shall be valid only with respect to such specified event(s) with respect to which such consent is provided), such Loan shall cease to constitute a Watchlist Obligation as a result of such event. 

Weighted Average Floating Spread: As of any Measurement Date, the number obtained by dividing (x) the Aggregate
Funded Spread by (y) an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all Floating Rate Loans as of such Measurement Date. 

Weighted Average Life: On any Determination Date with respect to any Loan (other than any Defaulted Obligation), the number
obtained by (a) summing the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Average Life at such time of each such Loan by (ii) the outstanding principal balance of such Loan and (b) dividing such sum by
the aggregate outstanding principal balance at such time of all Loans (excluding any Defaulted Obligation). 

Weighted Average
Life Test: A test that will be satisfied on any Determination Date for purposes of compliance with the Level 1 Portfolio Test if the Weighted Average Life of the Loans as of such date is less than or equal to 6.5 years. 

Withholding Agent: The Borrower, the Collateral Agent and the Loan Agent. 

Section 1.2 Other Terms. 

All accounting terms used but not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP. All terms used in Article 9 of the
UCC in the state of New York, and used but not specifically defined herein, are used herein as defined in such Article 9. 

43 

Section 1.3 Computation of Time Periods. 

Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, in the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word
from means from and including and the words to and until each mean to but excluding. 

Section 1.4 Interpretation. 

In each Transaction Document, unless a contrary intention appears: 

(a) the singular number includes the plural number and vice versa; 

(b) reference to any Person includes such Persons successors and assigns but, if applicable, only if such successors and assigns are
permitted by the Transaction Documents; 

(c) reference to any gender includes each other gender; 

(d) reference to day or days without further qualification means calendar days; 

(e) reference to any time means London time; 

(f) reference to the words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase
without limitation; 

(g) reference to any agreement (including any Transaction Document), document or instrument means such
agreement, document or instrument as amended, modified, waived, supplemented, restated or replaced and in effect from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and, if applicable, the terms of the other Transaction Documents, and reference
to any promissory note includes any promissory note that is an extension or renewal thereof or a substitute or replacement therefor; 

(h)
reference to any Applicable Law means such Applicable Law as amended, modified, codified, replaced or reenacted, in whole or in part, and in effect from time to time, including rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and reference to any
Section or other provision of any Applicable Law means that provision of such Applicable Law from time to time in effect and constituting the substantive amendment, modification, codification, replacement or reenactment of such Section or other
provision; 

(i) reference to the par or principal amount of any Loan shall, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, be calculated
exclusive of accrued and capitalized interest; 

(j) for purposes of this Agreement, an Unmatured Termination Event or a Termination Event
shall be deemed to be continuing until it is waived in accordance with Section 13.1; 

44 

(k) unless otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, if at any time any change in
generally accepted accounting principles (including the adoption of IFRS) would affect the computation of any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) set forth in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, the Borrower
and the Lead Lender shall negotiate in good faith to amend such covenant to preserve the original intent in light of such change; provided, that, until so amended, (i) such covenant shall continue to be computed in accordance with the
application of generally accepted accounting principles prior to such change and (ii) Borrower shall provide to the Lead Lender a written reconciliation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Lender, between calculations of
such covenant made before and after giving effect to such change in generally accepted accounting principles; 

(l) if the date for payment
of any amount due hereunder or under any Transaction Document falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the due date for such payment shall be the following Business Day; 

(m) for purposes of any calculation under this Agreement, each Loan will be deemed to have been purchased as of the related Funding Date and
sold as of the related trade date of such sale; 

(n) on any Determination Date, the Senior Loan Tests shall be calculated prior to the
determination of amounts to be distributed pursuant to the Priorities of Payment; 

(o) any reference to execute,
executed, sign, signed, signature or any other like term hereunder shall include execution by electronic signature (including, without limitation, any .pdf file, .jpeg file, or any other electronic or
image file, or any electronic signature as defined under the U.S. Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (E-SIGN) or the New York Electronic Signatures and Records
Act (ESRA); and 

(p) for purposes of this Agreement, the acquisition price of any Delayed Drawdown Obligation or Revolving
Obligation shall include any unfunded portion of such obligation. 

Section 1.5 Currency symbols and
definitions. 

(a) $ and USD denote the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

ARTICLE II. 

THE
FACILITY 

Section 2.1 Advances; Use of Proceeds. 

(a) During the Reinvestment Period, the Borrower may, at its option, request the Lenders make Advances secured by the Collateral by delivering
a Funding Request to the Loan Agent (who shall provide notification to the Lenders with respect thereto), in an aggregate amount up to the Availability as of the proposed Funding Date of the Advance (determined giving pro forma effect to any Loans
to be acquired by the Borrower on such Funding Date); provided that no Lender shall be obligated to make any Advance on or after the earlier to occur of the Reinvestment Period End Date or the Termination Date. Following the receipt of a Funding
Request, subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, during the Reinvestment Period, the Lenders shall fund such Advance on the requested Funding Date specified in the related 

45 

Funding Request (or on any other date agreed between the Borrower and the Lenders) unless the Borrower rescinds its Funding Request by notice in writing to the Loan Agent by 1:00 p.m. on the
Business Day prior to such Funding Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Lender shall be obligated to provide the Borrower with aggregate funds in connection with an Advance that would exceed the least of (i) such
Lenders unused Commitment then in effect, (ii) the aggregate unused Commitments then in effect and (iii) the Availability on the proposed Funding Date of such Advance (determined giving pro forma effect to any Loans to be acquired by
the Borrower on such Funding Date). 

(b) The Borrower shall use the proceeds of the Advances received by it hereunder (x) to purchase
or originate, or advance monies under, Loans in accordance with this Agreement, (y) to make payments under Sections 2.7, 2.8 and 2.9 and (z) as otherwise required or permitted under the Transaction Documents. 

Section 2.2 Procedures for Advances by the Lenders. 

(a) The Borrower may request an Advance by delivering to the Loan Agent the information and documents set forth in this
Section 2.2 at the applicable times provided herein. 

(b) With respect to all Advances, no later than 1:00 p.m.
one Business Day prior to the proposed Funding Date, the Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall deliver to the Loan Agent (who shall promptly provide notification thereof to the Lenders) (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) and
the Lead Lender (i) a duly completed Funding Request which shall (A) specify the desired amount of such Advance, which amount must be at least equal to $1,000,000, to be allocated (with respect to an Advance) to each Lender in accordance
with its Pro Rata Share, (B) specify the proposed Funding Date of such Advance, (C) specify the Loan(s) to be financed on such Funding Date (if any), and (D) include a representation that all conditions precedent for an Advance
described in Section 3.2 hereof have been met and (ii) a Borrowing Base Calculation Statement. Each Funding Request shall be irrevocable. If any Funding Request is received by the Loan Agent after the applicable time
specified in this clause (b), or on a day that is not a Business Day, such Funding Request shall be deemed to be received by the Loan Agent at 9:00 a.m. on the next Business Day. 

(c) No later than 3:00 p.m. on the proposed Funding Date, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 2.1(a) and
only so long as (other than with respect to the initial Advance to be made on the Closing Date) (1) the Loan Agent has confirmed to the Lenders (which confirmation may be made via email) that each of the Funding Notice and the Borrowing Base
Calculation Statement to be delivered pursuant to Section 3.2(a)(1) have been delivered to it with respect to the requested Advance and (2) the Collateral Manager has confirmed to the Lenders (which confirmation may be
made via email) that (x) the Facility LTV Test, before and after giving effect to such Advance and the addition to the Collateral of the Eligible Loans being acquired by the Borrower using the proceeds of such Advance on the Funding Date will
be satisfied immediately following the making of the proposed Advance, (y) the Eligibility Criteria will be satisfied in respect of each Eligible Loan being acquired by the Borrower using the proceeds of such Advance and (z) on and as of
such Funding Date, after giving effect to such Advance and the addition to the Collateral of the Eligible Loans being acquired by the Borrower using the proceeds of such Advance, the Advances Outstanding do not exceed the Maximum Availability, each

46 

Lender shall make available to the Borrower in same day funds, at such bank or other location reasonably designated by the Borrower in the Funding Request given pursuant to this
Section 2.2, an amount equal to such Lenders Pro Rata Share of the least of (i) the amount requested by the Borrower for such Advance, (ii) the aggregate unused Commitments then in effect and (iii) an
amount equal to the Availability on such Funding Date. 

(d) On each Funding Date, the obligation of each Lender to remit its Pro Rata
Share of any such Advance shall be several from that of each other Lender and the failure of any Lender to so make such amount available to the Borrower shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation hereunder. 

(e) Unless the Borrower has notified the Loan Agent in writing (which notification may be by email) by not later than 5:00 p.m. (New York City
time) on the Closing Date that it has not received the funds pursuant to the funds flow, the Loan Agent shall deem the Loans funded and make the appropriate recordations in the Register. 

Section 2.3 Reduction of the Facility Amount; Mandatory and Optional Repayments. 

(a) The Borrower shall be entitled at its option to either (i) terminate the Facility Amount in whole upon payment in full of all
Advances Outstanding, all accrued and unpaid Interest, all accrued and unpaid costs and expenses of the Lenders, the Prepayment Penalty (payable pro rata to each Lender) and all other Aggregate Unpaids (other than unmatured contingent
indemnification obligations), or (ii) reduce in part the portion of the Facility Amount that exceeds the sum of the Advances Outstanding, upon payment of all accrued and unpaid Commitment Fee with respect to the Unused Portion so reduced
(pro rata with respect to the portion of the Facility Amount so reduced), all accrued and unpaid costs and expenses of the Lenders related to the reduction and the Prepayment Penalty (payable pro rata to each Lender); provided
the Borrower shall give five (5) Business Days (or, in the case of a reduction, two (2) Business Days) prior written notice of such termination in the form of Exhibit A-2 to the Loan
Agent (and the Loan Agent shall forward such notice to each Lender); provided further that in each case no Prepayment Penalty shall be due and payable so long as such termination or reduction occurs (A) in connection with a Term CLO,
(B) in connection with the declaration of the Termination Date or the date of the automatic occurrence of the Termination Date pursuant to Section 10.2(a), (C) in order to cure a failure of a Senior Loan Test or (D) in connection with
the termination of this facility by the Borrower after being required to pay additional amounts pursuant to Section 2.15(b). Any request for a reduction or termination pursuant to this Section 2.3(a) shall be irrevocable; provided
that any such request for a reduction or termination may be conditioned on the effectiveness of any other transaction and may be revoked if such condition is not satisfied. The Commitment of each Lender shall be reduced by an amount equal to its Pro
Rata Share (prior to giving effect to any reduction of Commitments hereunder) of the aggregate amount of any reduction under this Section 2.3(a). 

47 

(b) The Borrower shall be entitled at its option, at any time, to reduce Advances
Outstanding; provided that (i) the Borrower shall give one (1) Business Days prior written notice of such reduction in the form of Exhibit A-2 to the Loan Agent and each Lender,
and (ii) any reduction of Advances Outstanding (other than with respect to repayments of Advances Outstanding made by the Borrower to reduce Advances Outstanding such that the Availability is greater than or equal to $0) shall be in a minimum
amount of $500,000. In connection with any reduction of Advances Outstanding (x) in part, the Borrower shall wire to the Loan Agent, on behalf of each Lender, funds sufficient to repay such Advances Outstanding, together with all accrued and
unpaid Interest (to be paid pro rata to each Lender) and any Break Costs, if applicable (to be paid to the applicable Lender) and (y) in whole, the Borrower shall wire to the Loan Agent, on behalf of each Lender, funds sufficient to
repay such Advances Outstanding, together with all accrued and unpaid Interest (to be paid pro rata to each Lender) and all Break Costs, if applicable (to be paid to the applicable Lender); provided that no such reduction shall be
given effect unless (1) sufficient funds have been remitted to pay all such amounts in full, (2) no event has occurred or would result from such prepayment which would constitute an Termination Event or an Unmatured Termination Event, and
(3) no Applicable Law shall prohibit or enjoin the making of the proposed reduction of Advances Outstanding or any other transaction contemplated herein. The Loan Agent shall apply amounts received from the Borrower pursuant to this
Section 2.3(b) to the pro rata reduction of the Advances Outstanding and to the payment of all accrued and unpaid Interest on the amount of the Advances Outstanding to be repaid. Any Advance so repaid may, subject to
the terms and conditions hereof, be reborrowed during the Reinvestment Period. Any Repayment Notice relating to any repayment pursuant to this Section 2.3(b) shall be irrevocable; provided that any such Repayment
Notice may be conditioned on the effectiveness of any other transaction and may be revoked if such condition is not satisfied. 

(c) In
connection with any reduction of the Facility Amount in whole or in part pursuant to Section 2.3(a) or the Advances Outstanding pursuant to Section 2.3(b) that occurs on a day other than a Payment
Date, each Lender requesting the payment of Break Costs shall provide a certificate to the Borrower confirming the amount thereof and attaching the calculation of the amount thereof and the Borrower shall pay such amounts on the date of such
reduction. 

Section 2.4 Determination of Interest, etc. 

(a) Calculation of Interest. 

(i) Advances shall accrue interest for each Accrual Period at a percentage rate per annum equal to the aggregate of: 

(1) the Facility Margin Rate; and 

(2) the Benchmark Rate. 

(ii) The amount of Interest payable to any Lender in respect of its Advances for any Accrual Period shall be equal to such
Lenders Pro Rata Share of the sum of the products determined for each day in such Accrual Period of (1) the Interest Rate, (2) the greater of (x) the aggregate principal amount of Advances outstanding on such day and
(y) (i) during the Ramp-Up Period, $0 and (ii) following the Ramp-Up Period, an amount equal to 60% of the Facility Amount as of such date and (3) a
fraction the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is 360 or 365, as applicable. 

(iii) Interest shall be computed based
on the actual number of days elapsed in the relevant Accrual Period divided by 360. 

48 

(b) Notifications of rates of interest, etc.. 

The Loan Agent shall promptly notify the relevant Lenders, the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Agent and the Borrower of the determination
of any Benchmark Rate under this Agreement. The Loan Agent shall determine the amount of interest and Commitment Fees to be paid by the Borrower on each Payment Date and shall advise the Collateral Agent thereof in writing no later than the first
Business Day of the calendar month in which such Payment Date occurs. Each Lender shall notify the Collateral Agent in writing of all Costs and Expenses and Indemnified Amounts on such Payment Date for the related Accrual Period no later than the
first Business Day of the calendar month in which such Payment Date occurs. 

(c) Changes to Calculation of Interest. 

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein if the Borrower or Majority Lenders notify the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent (with,
in the case of the Majority Lenders, a copy to the Borrower) that the Borrower or Majority Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: 

(1) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Benchmark Rate, including, without limitation, because the
Benchmark Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(2) the administrator of the Benchmark Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Lead Lender or such
administrator has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the Benchmark Rate shall no longer be made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans denominated in USD; provided that, at the time of such
statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Lead Lender that will continue to provide the applicable Benchmark Rate after such specific date; or 

(3) the events or circumstances of the type described in clauses (1) through (2) above have occurred with
respect to the Successor Rate then in effect; 

then in each case, the Lead Lender and the Borrower may amend this Agreement
solely for the purpose of replacing the applicable Benchmark Rate at the end of any Accrual Period in accordance with this Section 2.4 with another alternate benchmark rate (a Successor Rate) giving due
consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities for such alternative benchmarks and, in each case, including any other mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark
giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities for such benchmarks, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an
information service as selected by the Lead Lender (in consultation with the Borrower) from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated, so long as such Successor Rate and related adjustments are administratively
feasible to the Lead Lender; provided that any such amendment to this Agreement that affects the rights or duties of the Collateral 

49 

Agent, the Loan Agent or the Document Custodian shall require the consent of such Person. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments shall constitute a Successor Rate.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 13.1, any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Loan Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and
the Borrower unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Majority Lenders have delivered to the Loan Agent written notice that such Majority Lenders object to such amendment. 

(ii) If , at the end of any Accrual Period, no Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with
Section 2.4(c)(i) and the circumstances under Section 2.4(c)(i)(1), (2) or (3) above exist, the Lead Lender will promptly so notify the Borrower, the Loan Agent, the Collateral
Agent and each Lender. Thereafter, the obligation of the Lenders to make Advances shall be suspended until the Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with Section 2.4(c)(i). Upon receipt of such notice,
(i) the Borrower may revoke any pending Funding Request and (ii) any outstanding affected Advance will bear interest for each day of such Accrual Period at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate. 

Section 2.5 Evidence of Advances. 

Each Advance and all repayments thereof shall be evidenced by the applicable Lenders loan accounts and records. Subject to the Register
maintained pursuant to Section 13.14(b), such loan accounts and records shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Advances and repayments thereof. Any failure to record any Advances or repayment thereof
or any error in doing so shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower to pay any amount owing with respect to the Advances. 

Section 2.6 Principal Repayments. 

(a) Unless sooner prepaid pursuant to the terms hereof and subject to Section 10.2, the Advances Outstanding shall be repaid by the
Borrower in full on the Termination Date. Advances Outstanding shall be repaid as and when necessary to cause the Availability to equal or exceed $0, and any amount so repaid may, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, be reborrowed hereunder
during the Reinvestment Period. 

(b) All repayments of any Advance or any portion thereof shall be made together with payment of all
Interest accrued and unpaid on the amount repaid to (but excluding) the date of such repayment. 

Section 2.7
Interest Priority of Payment. 

On each Payment Date before the Default Period, the Collateral Agent shall cause payment
to be made from amounts representing Interest Collections (as identified by the Collateral Manager) on deposit in the Collection Account to the extent of Available Funds, as set forth in the Payment Date Report, to the following Persons, the
following amounts in the following order of priority (the Interest Priority of Payment): 

50 

(1) to the Borrower to pay (or to distribute to Parent to pay) taxes or
statutory fees owing by or in respect of the Borrower and certified as such by the Collateral Manager due in respect of the related Accrual Period (save for any tax payable in relation to any amount payable to a party pursuant to this clause
(1) (and Section 2.8(a)(1) and Section 2.9(1), if applicable) and which arises as a result of the payment of that amount to the relevant party), which amounts payable to this clause
(1) shall not exceed the Senior Expense Cap in any calendar year; 

(2) pro rata and pari passu
(x) to the Loan Agent, an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid Loan Agent Fees and (y) to the Collateral Agent and the Document Custodian, an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid Collateral Agent and Portfolio Administration Fees,
which amounts payable to this clause (2) shall not exceed the Senior Expense Cap in any calendar year less any amounts paid under clause (1) above; 

(3) to the Collateral Manager in respect of any reimbursement of any third party expenses paid by the Collateral Manager on
behalf of the Borrower during the related Accrual Period, which amounts payable pursuant to this clause (3) shall not exceed the Senior Expense Cap in any calendar year less any amounts paid under clauses (1) and (2) above; 

(4) pro rata in accordance with the amounts due under this clause, to each Lender, in an amount equal to any accrued
and unpaid Interest, Commitment Fee and Prepayment Penalty; 

(5) pro rata in accordance with the amounts due under
this clause, to each Lender, all accrued and unpaid Costs and Expenses and Indemnified Amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under the Transaction Documents; 

(6) if the Senior OC Test is not satisfied as of the immediately preceding Determination Date, to each Lender in reduction of
Advances Outstanding, an amount necessary to satisfy such test, pro rata in accordance with the amount of Advances Outstanding hereunder; 

(7) during the Reinvestment Period, if the Reinvestment OC Test is not satisfied as of the immediately preceding Determination
Date, to fund the Reinvestment Account for the purchase of additional Loans in an amount necessary to satisfy such test or, at the Collateral Managers discretion, to repay on a pro rata basis the Advances Outstanding; 

(8) on and after the last day of the Reinvestment Period, to each Lender, an amount necessary to pay the Advances Outstanding
until paid in full, pro rata in accordance with the amount of Advances Outstanding hereunder; 

(9) to pay any other
amounts due (other than with respect to the repayment of Advances) under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (including any indemnity amounts due from the Borrower hereunder and thereunder not previously paid pursuant to clauses
(1) through (3) of this Section 2.7 by reason of the Senior Expense Cap; 

51 

(10) to or at the direction of the Collateral Manager, an amount equal to
any accrued and unpaid Collateral Management Fees to the end of the related Accrual Period; and 

(11) so long as the
Termination Date shall not have occurred and be continuing, any remaining amounts shall be distributed to or at the direction of the Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf). 

Section 2.8 Principal Priority of Payment; Investment Gains. 

(a) On each Payment Date before the Default Period, the Collateral Agent shall cause payment to be made from amounts representing Principal
Collections (as identified by the Collateral Manager) on deposit in the Collection Account to the extent of Available Funds, as set forth in the Payment Date Report, to the following Persons, the following amounts in the following order of priority
(the Principal Priority of Payment): 

(1) to pay amounts due under
Section 2.7(1) through (6) (subject to the limitations therein) in the order of priority set forth therein, to the extent not paid thereunder; 

(2) during the Reinvestment Period, at the Collateral Managers discretion, to the Reinvestment Account as Principal
Collections pending reinvestment in substitute Loans in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement at a later date or, to repay on a pro rata basis the Lender; 

(3) on and after the last day of the Reinvestment Period, to each Lender, an amount necessary to pay the Advances Outstanding
until paid in full, pro rata in accordance with the amount of Advances Outstanding hereunder; 

(4) to pay any other
amounts due under Sections 2.7(9) and (10) to the extent not paid thereunder; and 

(5) so long as the
Termination Date has not occurred and is continuing, in each case at the Collateral Managers discretion, any remaining amounts shall be either (i) during the Reinvestment Period, distributed to the Reinvestment Account as Principal
Proceeds pending reinvestment in substitute Loans in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement at a later date, (ii) to repay on a pro rata basis each Lender, or (iii) distributed to the Borrower. 

(b) On each CLO Closing Date, the Collateral Agent shall cause payment of any Investment Gains, as designated by the Collateral Manager, to be
made from the Collection Account to the Borrower. 

52 

Section 2.9 Alternative Priority of Payment. 

On each Payment Date during the Default Period and on any CLO Closing Date, the Collateral Agent shall cause payment to be made from the
Collection Account to the extent of Available Funds, as set forth in the Payment Date Report, to the following Persons, the following amounts in the following order of priority (the Alternative Priority of Payment): 

(1) to the Borrower to pay (or to distribute to Parent to pay) taxes or statutory fees owing by or in respect of the Borrower
and certified as such by the Collateral Manager due in respect of the related Accrual Period (save for any tax payable in relation to any amount payable to a party pursuant to this clause (1) (and Section 2.7(1) and
Section 2.8(a)(1), if applicable) and which arises as a result of the payment of that amount to the relevant party), which amounts payable pursuant to this clause (1) shall not exceed the Senior Expense Cap in any
calendar year; 

(2) pro rata and pari passu (x) to the Loan Agent, an amount equal to any accrued and
unpaid Loan Agent Fees and (y) to the Collateral Agent and the Document Custodian, an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid Collateral Agent and Portfolio Administration Fees, which amounts payable to this clause (2) shall not exceed the
Senior Expense Cap in any calendar year less any amounts paid under clause (1) above; provided that following the exercise of remedies pursuant to Article X, any amounts payable pursuant to this clause (2) shall be paid without regard to
the Senior Expense Cap; 

(3) pro rata in accordance with the amounts due under this clause, to each Lender, in an
amount equal to any accrued and unpaid Interest; 

(4) to pay the Advances Outstanding until paid in full; 

(5) pro rata in accordance with the amounts due under this clause, to each Lender, all accrued and unpaid Commitment
Fee, Prepayment Penalty, Costs and Expenses and Indemnified Amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under the Transaction Documents; 

(6) to pay any other amounts due under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents (including any indemnity amounts due
from the Borrower hereunder and thereunder) not previously paid pursuant to clauses (1) and (2) of Section 2.9 by reason of the Senior Expense Cap; 

(7) to the Collateral Manager in respect of (i) any accrued and unpaid Collateral Management Fees to the end of the
related Accrual Period and (ii) any reimbursement of any third party expenses paid by the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Borrower during the related Accrual Period; and 

(8) any remaining amounts shall be distributed to the Borrower or, if directed by the Collateral Manager, to the holders of
the limited liability company interests of the Borrower. 

53 

Section 2.10 [Reserved]. 

Section 2.11 Collections and Allocations. 

(a) Collections. The Collateral Agent shall promptly identify any collections received in any Collection Account as Interest
Collections or Principal Collections (and shall, in the absence of actual knowledge to the contrary, be entitled to receive and rely upon directions from the Collateral Manager in connection with such identification) and shall transfer, or cause to
be transferred, all Collections received by the Borrower to the applicable Collection Account by the close of business on the second (2nd) Business Day after such Collections are received. Upon the transfer of Collections to the applicable
Collection Account, the Collateral Agent shall segregate Principal Collections and Interest Collections and transfer the same to the Principal Collections Account and the Interest Collections Account, respectively. The Collateral Agent further
include a statement in the Collateral Report and in the Payment Date Report as to the amount of Principal Collections and Interest Collections on deposit in the Collection Account as of the related Determination Date in the Collateral Report
delivered pursuant to Section 6.7(b). 

(b) Excluded Amounts. With the prior written consent of the Lead
Lender, the Borrower or the Collateral Manager may withdraw from the applicable Collection Account any deposits thereto constituting Excluded Amounts if the Collateral Manager has, prior to such withdrawal and consent, delivered to the Loan Agent
and the Lead Lender a report setting forth the calculation of such Excluded Amounts in form and substance satisfactory to the Lead Lender. 

(c) Initial Deposits. On the Funding Date with respect to any Loan, the Collateral Manager will deposit into the applicable Collection
Account all Collections previously received after the applicable Cutoff Date in respect of Eligible Loans being transferred to and included as part of the Collateral on such date. 

(d) Investment of Funds. Until the occurrence of a Termination Event, to the extent there are uninvested amounts deposited in the
Collection Account, all such amounts shall be invested in Permitted Investments selected by the Collateral Manager on each Payment Date. In the absence of any written direction from the Collateral Manager, all amounts deposited in the Collection
Account shall remain uninvested. From and after the occurrence of a Termination Event, to the extent there are uninvested amounts in the Collection Account, all such amounts may be invested in Permitted Investments selected by the Collateral Agent
(acting at the direction of the Lead Lender). In the absence of any written direction from the Lead Lender, all amounts deposited in the Collection Account shall remain uninvested. All earnings (net of losses and investment expenses) thereon shall
be retained or deposited into the Collection Account and shall be applied on each Payment Date pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.7, Section 2.8(a) and Section 2.9.

54 

Section 2.12 Payments, Computations, Etc. 

(a) All amounts to be paid or deposited by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager hereunder shall be paid in accordance with the terms hereof
no later than 3:00 p.m. on the day when due in lawful money of the United States in immediately available funds and any amount not received before such time may be deemed by the Loan Agent, in its discretion, to have been received on the next
Business Day. The Borrower or the Collateral Manager, as applicable, shall, to the extent permitted by law, pay to the Secured Parties interest on all principal and Interest amounts not paid or deposited when due hereunder at 2.0% per annum
above the Benchmark Rate (other than with respect to any Advances Outstanding, which shall accrue at the Interest Rate), payable on demand; provided that such interest rate shall not at any time exceed the maximum rate permitted by Applicable
Law. Such interest shall be for the account of the applicable Secured Party. Any Aggregate Unpaids hereunder shall not be reduced by any distribution of any portion of Collections if at any time such distribution is rescinded or required to be
returned by any Lender to the Borrower or any other Person for any reason. All computations of interest and other fees hereunder shall be made on the basis of a year consisting of 360 days and the actual number of days elapsed. 

(b) Whenever any payment hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next
succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of the payment of Interest or any fee payable hereunder, as the case may be. For avoidance of doubt, to the extent that Available Funds are
insufficient on any Payment Date to satisfy the full amount of any Increased Costs pursuant to Section 2.8(a)(1), such unpaid amounts shall remain due and owing and shall accrue interest as provided in
Section 2.11(a) until repaid in full. 

(c) If any Advance requested by the Borrower is not effectuated as a
result of the Borrowers actions or failure to fulfill any condition under Section 3.2, as the case may be, on the date specified therefor, the Borrower shall indemnify the applicable Lender against any reasonable
loss, cost or expense incurred by the applicable Lender (other than any such loss, cost or expense solely due to the gross negligence or willful misconduct or failure to fund such Advance on the part of the Lenders), including, without limitation,
any loss (including cost of funds) or reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds
acquired by the applicable Lender to fund or maintain such Advance. Any such Lender shall provide to the Borrower documentation setting forth the amounts of any loss, cost or expense referred to in the previous sentence, such documentation to be
conclusive absent manifest error. Documentation of such expense received at least two Business Day prior to a Reporting Date for any Payment Date shall be paid by the Borrower on such Payment Date. Any expense set forth in a notice received after
the second Business Day prior to the Reporting Date for any Payment Date shall be paid on the following Payment Date. 

Section 2.13 Collateral Assignment of Agreements. 

The Borrower hereby assigns to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties hereunder, all of the Borrowers right, title
and interest in and to, but none of its obligations under, the Underlying Instruments related to each Loan, all other agreements, documents and instruments evidencing, securing or guaranteeing any Loan and all other agreements, documents and
instruments related to any of the foregoing but excluding any Excluded Amounts (the Assigned Documents). The Borrower confirms that, at any time when a Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, until the Collection Date
the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, shall have the sole right to enforce the Borrowers rights and remedies under any UCC financing statements filed under or in connection therewith for the benefit of the Secured Parties.
The parties hereto agree that such collateral assignment to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall terminate upon the Collection Date. 

55 

Section 2.14 Fees. 

(a) Commitment Fee. On each Payment Date the Borrower shall pay, in accordance with Sections 2.7, 2.8 and 2.9,
pro rata to each Lender, a commitment fee (the Commitment Fee) payable in arrears for each Accrual Period, equal to the sum of the products for each day during such Accrual Period of (i) one divided by 360, (ii)
the applicable Commitment Fee Rate (as defined below), and (iii) the aggregate Commitments minus the greater of (x) the Advances Outstanding on such day and (y) (i) during the Ramp-Up
Period, $0 and (ii) following the Ramp-Up Period, an amount equal to 60% of the Facility Amount as of such date (such amount, the Unused Portion). The Commitment Fee Rate (the
Commitment Fee Rate) shall be equal to 0.60% for any Unused Portion. 

(b) The Collateral Manager shall be entitled to
the Collateral Management Fee in accordance with Section 2.7(10), Section 2.8(a)(4) and Section 2.9(7), as applicable. 

(c) CLO Exit Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Lead Lender a fee (the CLO Exit Fee) equal to $250,000 upon any
prepayment of Advances in connection with a CLO Closing Date. The CLO Exit Fee may be netted against any fees paid to the Lead Lender or its Affiliates in its role as arranger or placement agent in connection with the related Term CLO. 

(d) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Loan Agent an administration fee in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon in the Loan
Agent Fee Letter and the other Transaction Documents, in each case in accordance with Section 2.7, Section 2.8(a) and Section 2.9, as applicable. 

(e) The Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary and the Document Custodian shall be entitled to receive the Collateral Agent and
Portfolio Administration Fee, in each case in accordance with Section 2.7, Section 2.8(a) and Section 2.9, as applicable. 

(f) The Borrower shall pay to Paul Hastings LLP, as counsel to the Lead Lender, all of its reasonable fees and
out-of-pocket expenses and shall pay all additional reasonable fees and out-of-pocket
expenses of Paul Hastings LLP required to be paid by the Borrower hereunder within thirty (30) Business Days after receiving an invoice for such amounts. 

(g) The Borrower shall pay to Holland & Knight LLP, as counsel to the Loan Agent, all of its reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses and shall pay all additional reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses
of Holland & Knight LLP required to be paid by the Borrower hereunder within thirty (30) Business Days after receiving an invoice for such amounts. 

Section 2.15 Increased Costs. 

(a) If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan
requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender; 

56 

(ii) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or
expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Advances made by such Lender; or 

(iii) subject any Lender to any Taxes (other
than (x) Indemnified Taxes, (y) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (z) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations,
or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase
the cost to such Lender of making, continuing, converting or maintaining any Advance or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then, upon request by such Lender,
the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

(b) If any Lender determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the
rate of return on such Lenders capital or on the capital of such Lenders holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Advances made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lenders
holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders policies and the policies of such Lenders holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity) by an amount deemed by such
Lender to be material (which demand shall be accompanied by a statement setting forth the basis for such demand; provided that in no event shall any Lender be required to provide any information or documentation to the extent such Lender
reasonably determines providing the same would constitute a breach by such Lender of confidentiality obligations), then on the next succeeding Payment Date the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate
such Lender or such Lenders holding company for any such reduction suffered; provided that such Lender is charging such additional amounts (or similar amounts) to other special purpose entity borrowers under credit facilities backed by
assets similar to the Loans in similar circumstances, and such additional amounts are determined by such Lender in a manner that is consistent with the manner in which it determines such additional amounts (or similar additional amounts) charged to
such other borrowers. 

(c) A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate, and the basis for such
compensation of, such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (i) or (ii) of this Section, and certifying that such Lender is charging such additional amounts (or similar amounts) to other special purpose
entity borrowers under credit facilities backed by assets similar to the Loans in similar circumstances, and such additional amounts are determined by such Lender in a manner that is consistent with the manner in which it determines such additional
amounts (or similar additional amounts) charged to such other borrowers shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate on a Payment
Date that is within 90 days after receipt thereof. 

57 

(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this
Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders right to demand such compensation; provided that no Borrower shall be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.15 for any increased costs
or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders intention to claim compensation therefor;
providedfurther that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of
retroactive effect thereof; provided further that the Borrower shall only be required to pay such compensation to a Lender to the extent that such Lender is demanding similar compensation in similarly situated facilities. 

(e) Each of the Lenders agrees that it will take such commercially reasonable actions as the Borrower may reasonably request that will avoid
the need to pay, or reduce the amount of, any increased amounts referred to in this Section 2.15; provided that no Lender shall be obligated to take any actions that would, in the reasonable opinion of such Lender,
be disadvantageous to such Lender (including, without limitation, due to a loss of money). In no event will the Borrower be responsible for increased amounts referred to in this Section 2.15 which relates to any other
entities to which any Lender provides financing. 

(f) If any Lender requests compensation under this
Section 2.15 or Section 2.16, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon written notice to such Lender and the Loan Agent, prepay the Advances of such Lender or require such Lender
to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 13.16), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the
related transaction documents to an assignee identified by the Borrower (subject to satisfactory completion of know your customer review of such assignee by such Lender) that shall assume such obligations (whereupon such Lender shall be
obligated to so assign), provided that, (x) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder through
the date of such assignment and (y) a Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such
assignment and delegation cease to apply. No prepayment fee that may otherwise be due hereunder shall be payable to such Lender in connection with any such prepayment or assignment. 

Section 2.16 Illegality. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender shall
notify the Borrower that the adoption of any law, rule or regulation, or any change therein or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, makes
it unlawful, or any Governmental Authority asserts that it is unlawful, for a Lender to perform its obligations hereunder to fund or maintain Advances hereunder, then (1) the obligation of such Lender hereunder to fund or maintain Advances
shall immediately be suspended until such time as such Lender determines (in its sole discretion) that such performance is again lawful, (2) any such Lender shall assign and delegate all of its interests, rights and obligations under this
Agreement and the related transaction documents to an assignee identified by the Borrower (subject to satisfactory completion of know your customer review of such assignee by such Lender) that shall assume such obligations (whereupon
such Lender shall be obligated to so assign) (provided 

58 

that, (x) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it
hereunder through the date of such assignment and (y) a Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, such Lender determines in its sole discretion that its performance hereunder is again lawful), and
(3) if such Lender is unable to effect a transfer under clause (2), then any outstanding Advances of such Lender shall be promptly paid in full by the Borrower (together with all accrued interest and other amounts owing hereunder), either on
the following Payment Date, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Advances to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Advances; provided, that no breakage costs resulting from the
repayment of Advances on a date other than a Payment Date shall be payable in connection with a repayment of Advances in accordance with this Section 2.16. 

Section 2.17 Taxes. 

(a) Payments Free of Taxes. All payments to be made by the Borrower under any Transaction Document shall be made without deduction or
withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law (including FATCA). If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such
payment by the Borrower, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law
and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable
under this Section) the applicable Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(b) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall severally indemnify each Secured Party, on the Payment Date following demand
therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Secured Party or required to be withheld or deducted from a
payment to such Secured Party and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the
amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Secured Party shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(c)
Indemnification by Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the
Borrower has not already indemnified the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the
provisions of Section 13.14 relating to the maintenance of a register in connection with any participation and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Loan
Agent or the Collateral Agent in connection with the Transaction Documents, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental
Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

59 

(d) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the
Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, the Borrower shall deliver to the Lead Lender the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment,
a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Lender. 

(e) Status
of Secured Parties. (i) Any Secured Party that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Transaction Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Collateral Agent, at the time
or times reasonably requested by the Borrower, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Collateral Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of
withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower and the Collateral Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by Applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Collateral Agent as will
enable the Borrower and the Collateral Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion,
execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(2)(A), (2)(B) and (2)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable
judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

(i) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 

(1) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower, the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent on or prior to the
date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower, the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent), an executed IRS Form W-9
certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(2) any Foreign Lender shall deliver to
the Borrower, the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time
thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower, the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(A) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party
(x) with respect to payments of interest under any Transaction Document, an executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or
applicable successor form establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Transaction
Document, an IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E or any applicable successor form establishing an exemption from, or reduction
of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

60 

(B) an executed IRS Form W-8ECI;

(C) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under
Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, is not a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower or
the Parent within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and is not a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate) and (y) an
executed IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form; or 

(D) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, an executed IRS Form
W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form
W-8BEN-E or applicable successor form, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from
each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax
Compliance Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 

(3) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it
is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower, the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent (in such number of copies as shall be reasonably requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under
this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower, the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by Applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a
reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by Applicable Law to permit the Borrower, the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent to determine the withholding or deduction
required to be made; 

(4) if a payment made to a Lender under any Transaction Document would be subject to withholding Tax
imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower, the Loan
Agent and the Collateral Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower, the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent such documentation prescribed by Applicable Law (including as prescribed by
Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower, the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower, the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent to comply with
their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (4),
FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement; and 

61 

(5) if a Loan Agent is a United States person (as defined in
Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), it shall deliver to the Borrower on or prior to the date on which it becomes Loan Agent under this Agreement with two duly completed copies of Form W-9. If the Loan Agent
is not a United States person (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), it shall provide to the Borrower on or prior to the date on which it becomes Loan Agent under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable
request of the Borrower): (A) two executed copies of Form W-8ECI with respect to any amounts payable to the Loan Agent for its own account, and (B) two executed copies of Form W-8IMY with respect to any amounts payable to the Loan Agent for the account of others, certifying that it is a U.S. branch and that the payments it receives for the account of others are not effectively
connected with the conduct of its trade or business within the United States and that it is using such form as evidence of its agreement with the Borrower to be treated as a United States person with respect to such payments (and the Borrower and
the Loan Agent agree to so treat the Loan Agent as a United States person with respect to such payments as contemplated by Section 1.1441- 1(b)(2)(iv) of the United States Treasury Regulations). 

Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it
shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower, the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(f) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a
refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the
indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all
out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect
to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (f) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant
Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will the indemnified party be required to
pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (f) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification
payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems
confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

(g) Survival. Each partys obligations under this
Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of this Agreement, the termination of the
Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Transaction Document. 

62 

Section 2.18 Increase in the Maximum Facility
Amount. 

(a) Request for Increase. Provided that as no Unmatured Termination Event exists and no Termination Event has
occurred and is continuing and subject to compliance with the terms of this Section 2.18, from time to time during the Reinvestment Period the Borrower may request one or more increases to the Facility Amount up to
$200,000,000 (each such increase, a Facility Increase). 

(b) Conditions to Effectiveness. No Facility Increase
will be effective unless: 

(i) the Borrower has delivered to the Lead Lender, each Lender and the Loan Agent (with a copy to the
Collateral Agent) a Facility Increase Request; 

(ii) the Lead Lender and each applicable Lender providing such Facility Increase
consents to such Facility Increase; 

(iii) such Facility Increase is for an increment of at least $50,000,000, or such other amount
agreed to by the Lead Lender and each applicable Lender; 

(iv) as of the effective date of such increase and immediately after giving
effect thereto, each of the representations and warranties of the Borrower, the Collateral Manager, the Retention Holder and the Parent contained in the Transaction Documents are true and correct in all material respects as of such date (except to
the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date); and 

(v) no Termination Event has occurred and
is continuing and no Unmatured Termination Event exists at the time of the making of such Facility Increase or will result upon the effectiveness of such Facility Increase. 

(c) Effective Date. The Lead Lender shall determine the effective date of any Facility Increase (the Increase Effective
Date), which (unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Lead Lender) will be no less than ten (10) Business Days after receipt of a Facility Increase Request and shall notify the Borrower, the Loan Agent, the Lenders, the Parent, the
Collateral Agent and the Collateral Manager of the Increase Effective Date. 

(d) Commitment Increase. On any Increase Effective
Date, each Lenders Commitment will be increased in accordance with a revised Schedule I to be provided by the Loan Agent to each Lender on or prior to the Increase Effective Date. 

Section 2.19 Sales and Purchases; Credit Estimates. 

Loan Sales. On any Business Day, the Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall have the right to sell any of its Loans
included in the Collateral, subject to the following terms and conditions (unless waived by the Lead Lender in its sole discretion), and the Borrower shall (i) use the Sale Proceeds of any such sale to prepay the Advances Outstanding in accordance
with Section 2.3(b) and/or (ii) deposit such Sale Proceeds in the Principal Collection Account: 

63 

(i) During the Reinvestment Period: 

(1) No Termination Event would result from such sale; and 

(2) Either (x) the Lead Lender has provided its prior written consent to such sale, (y) the aggregate principal
amount of all Loans sold pursuant to this Section 2.19(a) since the Closing Date is less than $75,000,000 (which amount shall be reset to zero on any CLO Closing Date), and either (I) the sale price of such Loan is
greater than or equal to the original purchase price of such Loan, (II) the Level 2 Collateral Quality Tests and the Facility LTV Test are satisfied prior to and after giving effect to such sale or (III) the Level 1 Collateral
Quality Tests are satisfied prior to and after giving effect to such sale or, if the Level 1 Collateral Quality Tests were not satisfied prior to such sale, such tests are maintained or improved after giving effect to such sale or (z) the
proceeds of such sale will be used to cure a Senior Loan Test failure; 

(ii) After the last day of the Reinvestment Period, either
(x) the Lead Lender has provided its prior written consent to such sale or (y) proceeds of such sale will be used to cure a Senior Loan Test failure; 

(iii) Either (x) the sale price of any such Loan is at least equal to the Market Value of such Loan; provided that the Collateral
Manager may dispute the Market Value assigned to such Loan by the Lead Lender in accordance with the Dispute Mechanism or (y) the Lead Lender has provided its prior written consent to such sale. 

(b) Purchases. On any Business Day during the Reinvestment Period, the Borrower may apply any Available Funds on deposit in the
Reinvestment Account for the purchase of Loans so long as the Eligibility Criteria will be satisfied with respect to each such Loan and, after giving effect to such purchase, each of the Concentration Limitations will be satisfied or, if not
satisfied prior to such purchase, will be maintained or improved. In connection with any such purchase and the application of funds in connection therewith, the Borrower shall deliver to the Document Custodian a Borrower Order executed by the
Collateral Manager directing such purchase and application of funds, and certifying that such purchase satisfies the foregoing requirements. 

(c) Credit Estimates. 

(i) The Collateral Manager shall apply for (and concurrently submit all available information for such application) a credit estimate from
S&P within 30 days of the acquisition of any Loan. During such 30 day period and following submission of such application, the rating of such Loan shall be the applicable CM Assigned CE pending receipt of such credit estimate. 

(ii) The Borrower shall: 

(1) renew each such credit estimate at least annually, and 

64 

(2) notify S&P within ten Business Days of the occurrence of: 

(A) any amendment to the Underlying Instruments of any Loan that, in the judgment of the Collateral Manager, could reasonably
be expected to materially adversely impact the creditworthiness of such Loan, 

(B) and any Specified Event. 

(iii) Upon the expiration of any credit estimate from S&P with respect to a Loan, such Loan shall be deemed an Ineligible Loan until the
Collateral Manager submits an application for a new credit estimate from S&P for such Loan. 

(iv) If the Collateral Manager has
submitted an application prior to the expiration of the existing credit estimate from S&P for such Loan, then: 

(1) if
no Specified Event has occurred with respect to such Loan since the expiring credit estimate was provided, then such credit estimate shall apply until the earlier of the receipt of the new credit estimate for such Loan and the occurrence of a
Specified Event, or 

(2) if a Specified Event has occurred with respect to such Loan since the expiring credit estimate
from S&P was provided, then 

(A) for the first 30 days following the expiration of such credit estimate, such Loan
shall be deemed to have a rating equal to the lower of such expiring credit estimate and the applicable CM Assigned CE; 

(B) for the following 60 days, such Loan shall be deemed to have a rating equal to the lowest of CCC+, the expiring credit
estimate and the applicable CM Assigned CE; and 

(C) thereafter, the Loan shall be deemed an Ineligible Loan. 

Section 2.20 Cure Payments. 

(a) If, on any Determination Date prior to the Collection Date, the EOD OC Ratio Test is not satisfied, then, in addition to contributing
additional Eligible Loans or selling Loans in accordance with Section 2.19(a)(i)(2)(z), the Borrower may within three Business Days from the earlier of (x) the date of the Borrowers actual knowledge of the
occurrence of such failure or (y) the date notice of such failure is received by the Borrower from the Lead Lender, cure such failure in its entirety by depositing cash in United States dollars into the Collection Account to be applied to repay
Advances (together with all accrued and unpaid Interest and any Breakage Costs of the Lenders relating to the amount so prepaid). 

(b) No
later than 2:00 p.m. on the Business Day prior to the proposed repayment of Advances pursuant to Section 2.20(a), the Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall deliver to the Lead Lender (with a copy to the
Collateral Agent and the Document Custodian), notice of such repayment. 

65 

Section 2.21 Instructions to the Collateral Agent. 

All instructions and directions given to the Collateral Agent by the Collateral Manager, the Borrower or the Lead Lender pursuant to
Sections 2.7, 2.8 and 2.9 shall be in writing (including instructions and directions transmitted to the Collateral Agent by facsimile or e-mail), and such written instructions and
directions shall be delivered with a written certification that such instructions and directions are in compliance with the provisions of Sections 2.7, 2.8 and 2.9. The Collateral Manager and the Borrower shall immediately
transmit to the Lead Lender by facsimile or e-mail a copy of all instructions and directions given to the Collateral Agent by such party pursuant to Sections 2.7, 2.8 and 2.9. The Lead
Lender shall promptly transmit to the Collateral Manager and the Borrower by facsimile or e-mail a copy of all instructions and directions given to the Collateral Agent by the Lead Lender, pursuant to
Sections 2.7, 2.8 and 2.9. If either the Lead Lender or Collateral Agent disagrees with the computation of any amounts to be paid or deposited by a Borrower or the Collateral Manager under Sections 2.7, 2.8 and
2.9 or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, or upon their respective instructions, the Lead Lender shall so notify the Borrower, the Collateral Manager and the Collateral Agent in writing and in reasonable detail to identify the specific
disagreement. If such disagreement cannot be resolved within five (5) Business Days, the determination of the Lead Lender as to such amounts shall be conclusive and binding on the parties hereto absent manifest error. In the event the
Collateral Agent receives instructions from the Collateral Manager or the Borrower which conflict with any instructions received from the Lead Lender, the Collateral Agent shall rely on and follow the instructions given by the Lead Lender, and shall
have no liability for doing so. 

Section 2.22 Defaulting Lenders. 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as
that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law: 

(i) That Defaulting
Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 13.1. 

(ii) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether
voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, or otherwise), shall be applied at such time or times as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Loan Agent, Collateral Agent and Document Custodian hereunder,
second, to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Lead Lender hereunder; third, as the Borrower may request (so long as no Unmatured Termination Event or Termination Event exists), to the funding of any
Advance in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement; fourth, if so determined by the Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing
deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Advances under this Agreement; fifth, to the payment of any 

66 

amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lenders
breach of its obligations under this Agreement; sixth, so long as no Unmatured Termination Event or Termination Event exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction
obtained by the Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and seventh, to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent
jurisdiction; provided that if such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Advances in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Advances
of all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Advances of that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a
Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.19 shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each
Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 

(iii) For any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender, that Defaulting
Lender shall not be entitled to receive any Commitment Fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to such
Defaulting Lender). 

(b) If the Lead Lender determines that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the
Loan Agent shall notify the other parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any cash collateral), that Lender will, to
the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding Advances of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Lead Lender may determine to be necessary to cause the Advances to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in
accordance with their Pro Rata Shares, whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while
that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any
claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. 

ARTICLE III. 

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING 

Section 3.1 Conditions to Closing. 

The Lenders, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Document Custodian shall not be obligated to take, fulfill or perform any action
hereunder, until the following conditions have been satisfied in the sole discretion of or waived in writing by the Lead Lender: 

67 

(a) Each Transaction Document shall have been duly executed by, and delivered to, the
parties thereto, and the Loan Agent and each Lender shall have received such other documents, instruments, agreements and legal opinions each Lender shall reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
including, without limitation, all those specified in the schedule of condition precedent documents attached hereto as Schedule I, each in form and substance satisfactory to each Lender; 

(b) The Borrower shall have paid all fees and expenses required to be paid hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents, including all
fees required hereunder and under the applicable Lender Fee Letters, the Document Custodian Fee Letter and the Loan Agent Fee Letter, and, without duplication of Section 2.13(d), shall have reimbursed the Loan Agent,
Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian, the Securities Intermediary, the Lenders and the Lead Lender for all fees, costs and expenses of closing the transactions contemplated hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents, including the
reasonable attorney fees and any other legal and document preparation costs incurred by the Lenders, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Document Custodian and the Lead Lender; 

(c) [Reserved]; 

(d) Each of
the Loan Agent, Collateral Agent, Document Custodian and each Lender shall have received all documentation and other information requested by it in its sole discretion and/or required by regulatory authorities with respect to the Borrower, the
Parent and the Collateral Manager under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act, including a duly-executed
W-9 tax form (or such other applicable IRS tax form) of the Borrower, the Parent and the Collateral Manager, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Loan Agent, Collateral Agent and each
Lender; 

(e) The results of each Lenders financial, legal, tax and business due diligence relating to the Borrower, the Collateral
Manager, the Eligible Loans and the transactions contemplated hereunder are satisfactory to each Lender (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include the review of the Parents governing documents) (it being understood that this clause
(e) shall be deemed satisfied upon the occurrence of the Closing Date); 

(f) Each Lender shall have received
(i) satisfactory evidence that the Borrower and the Collateral Manager have obtained all required consents and approvals of all Persons, including all requisite Governmental Authorities, to the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which each is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (such satisfaction to be evidenced by such Lenders execution and delivery of this Agreement) or
(ii) an Officers Certificate from each of the Borrower and the Collateral Manager in form and substance satisfactory to each Lender affirming that no such consents or approvals are required; it being understood that the acceptance of such
evidence or Officers Certificate shall in no way limit the recourse of any Secured Party against the Collateral Manager or the Borrower for a breach of the Borrowers and the Collateral Managers representation or warranty that all
such consents and approvals have, in fact, been obtained; 

68 

(g) The Borrower, the Parent and the Collateral Manager shall each be in compliance in all
material respects with all Applicable Law. 

(h) The Borrower, the Parent and the Collateral Manager shall each have delivered to the Loan
Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender an Officers Certificate as to closing matters and as to solvency in the form of Exhibit C. 

By its execution and delivery of this Agreement, each of the Borrower and the Collateral Manager hereby certifies that each of the conditions
precedent to the effectiveness of this Agreement set forth in this Section 3.1 have been satisfied; provided that, with respect to conditions precedent that expressly require the consent or approval of the Lead
Lender or another party (other than the Borrower or the Collateral Manager), the foregoing certification is only to the knowledge of the Borrower and the Collateral Manager, as applicable, with respect to such consents or approvals. 

Section 3.2 Conditions Precedent to All Advances. 

(a) Each Advance under this Agreement and each reduction in Advances Outstanding pursuant to Section 2.3(b) shall be
subject to the conditions precedent that the Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Borrower) shall have delivered to the Loan Agent and each Lender (with a copy to the Collateral Agent): (A) a Funding Request as and when specified
under Section 2.2 and (B) a pro forma Borrowing Base Calculation Statement updated to give effect to the requested Advance and any Loans to be purchased by the Borrower in connection therewith, no later than 2:00 p.m.
on the date of such Advance; 

(b) On the date of each Advance, each of the following further conditions shall be satisfied in all material
respects (other than any such condition that is qualified by material, materially, Material Adverse Effect, or a similar term or phrase, in which case, such condition shall be satisfied as so qualified), and the
Borrower and the Collateral Manager shall have represented and certified in the related Funding Request that all conditions precedent to the requested Advance have been satisfied and shall thereby be deemed to have certified that: 

(i) The representations and warranties contained in Section 4.1, Section 4.2 and
Section 4.3 are true and correct in all respects (other than any such representation or warranty that is qualified by material, materially, Material Adverse Effect, or a similar term or
phrase, in which case, such representation or warranty shall be true and correct as so qualified), and there exists no breach of any covenant contained in Section 5.1, Section 5.2,
Section 5.3 and Section 5.4 before and after giving effect to the Advance to take place on such date and to the application of proceeds therefrom, on and as of such day as though made on and as of
such date (other than any representation and warranty that is made as of a specific date); 

(ii) On and as of such Funding Date,
(x) the Eligibility Criteria will be satisfied in respect of each Eligible Loan being acquired by the Borrower using the proceeds of such Advance and (y) after giving effect to the acquisition of each such Eligible Loan, each of the
Concentration Limitations will be satisfied or, if not satisfied prior to such acquisition, will be maintained or improved; 

69 

(iii) The Facility LTV Test, after giving effect to such Advance and the addition to the
Collateral of the Eligible Loans being acquired by the Borrower using the proceeds of such Advance, will be satisfied immediately following the making of the proposed Advance on the Funding Date; 

(iv) The Level 2 Collateral Quality Tests will be satisfied before and after giving effect to such Advance and the addition to the
Collateral of the Eligible Loans being acquired by the Borrower using the proceeds of such Advance; 

(v) The Level 1 Collateral
Quality Tests will be satisfied before and after giving effect to such Advance and the addition to the Collateral of the Eligible Loans being acquired by the Borrower using the proceeds of such Advance or, if the Level 1 Collateral Quality
Tests are not satisfied prior to such Advance, such tests are maintained or improved after giving effect to such Advance and the addition to the Collateral of the Eligible Loans being acquired by the Borrower using the proceeds of such Advance; 

(vi) On and as of such Funding Date, after giving effect to such Advance and the addition to the Collateral of the Eligible Loans being
acquired by the Borrower using the proceeds of such Advance, the Advances Outstanding do not exceed the Maximum Availability; 

(vii) No
Termination Event has occurred, or would result from such Advance, and no Unmatured Termination Event exists or would result from such Advance and no Risk Retention Draw Stop Event has occurred and is continuing; 

(viii) No event has occurred, or would result from such Advance or from the application of proceeds thereof, which constitutes a Collateral
Manager Default or any event which, if it continues uncured, will, with notice or lapse of time, constitute a Collateral Manager Default; 

(ix) Since the Closing Date, no material adverse change has occurred in the ability of the Collateral Manager, the Parent or the Borrower to
perform its obligations under any Transaction Document; 

(x) [Reserved]; 

(xi) All terms and conditions required to be satisfied in connection with the assignment of each Eligible Loan being pledged hereunder on
such Funding Date (and the Related Security related thereto), including, without limitation, the perfection of the Borrowers interests therein, shall have been satisfied in full, and all filings (including, without limitation, UCC filings)
required to be made by any Person and all actions required to be taken or performed by any Person in any jurisdiction to give the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a first priority perfected security interest (subject only to
Permitted Liens) in such Eligible Loans and the Related Security related thereto and the proceeds thereof shall have been made, taken or performed; 

(xii) No Applicable Law shall prohibit or enjoin the making of such Advance by any Lender or any other transaction contemplated herein; 

70 

(xiii) [Reserved]; 

(xiv) The proposed Funding Date shall take place during the Reinvestment Period and the Termination Date has not yet occurred; 

(xv) With respect to the initial Advance following the Closing Date, the Borrower has applied amounts equal to the Minimum Equity Amount to
the purchase of Eligible Loans; and 

(xvi) The Borrower shall have paid all fees then required to be paid, including all fees required
hereunder and under the applicable Lender Fee Letters and, without duplication of Section 2.14(d), shall have reimbursed the Lenders, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Document Custodian for all fees, costs and
expenses of closing the transactions contemplated hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents, including the reasonable attorney fees and any other legal and document preparation costs incurred by the Lenders, the Loan Agent, the Collateral
Agent and the Document Custodian. 

The failure of the Borrower to satisfy any of the foregoing conditions precedent in respect of any
Advance shall give rise to a right of the Loan Agent and the applicable Lender, which right may be exercised at any time on the demand of the applicable Lender, to rescind the related Advance, as applicable, and direct the Borrower to pay to the
Lead Lender for the benefit of the applicable Lender an amount equal to the Advances made during any such time that any of the foregoing conditions precedent were not satisfied. 

Section 3.3 Advances Do Not Constitute a Waiver. 

No Advance made hereunder shall constitute a waiver of any condition to any Lenders obligation to make such an advance unless such
waiver is in writing and executed by such Lender. 

Section 3.4 Custodianship; Perfection of Loans.

(a) The Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall cause all Certificated Securities, Instruments and Required Loan
Documents to be delivered at the addresses identified in Schedule II. The Collateral Agent shall hold all Certificated Securities and Instruments in physical form at the office of the Document Custodian at 111 Fillmore Ave East, Attn: IC Physical
Processing, EP-MN-WS2N, St. Paul, MN 55107, Ref: ABPCIC FUNDING VI LLC and the Document Custodian shall hold all the Required Loan Documents in electronic form or, with
respect to Required Loan Documents that are originals or copies, at the office of the Document Custodian at 1719 Otis Way, Florence, South Carolina 29501, Ref: ABPCIC FUNDING VI LLC, Attention: Steven Garrett, email: steven.garrett@usbank.com. Any
successor collateral agent shall be a state or national bank or trust company which is not an Affiliate of the Borrower and which is a Qualified Institution. 

(b) Each time that the Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall direct or cause the acquisition of any Loan or Permitted
Investment, the Borrower shall (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf), if such Loan or Permitted Investment has not already been transferred in accordance with its Underlying Instruments (including obtaining any necessary consents) to the
Collection Account, cause the transfer of such Loan or Permitted Investment in 

71 

accordance with its Underlying Instruments (including obtaining any necessary consents) to the Document Custodian to be held in the Collection Account (in the case of Permitted Investments) for
the benefit of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The security interest of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, in the funds or other property utilized in
connection with such acquisition shall, immediately and without further action on the part of the Collateral Agent, be released. The security interest of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties shall nevertheless come into
existence and continue in the Loan or Permitted Investment so acquired, including all rights of the Borrower in and to any contracts related to and proceeds of such Loan or Permitted Investment. 

(c) The Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall cause all Loans or Permitted Investments acquired by the Borrower to be
transferred to the Document Custodian for credit to the appropriate Account (in the case of Permitted Investments), in each case for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, and shall cause all Loans and Permitted Investments acquired by the Borrower to
be delivered to the Document Custodian for the benefit of the Collateral Agent by one of the following means (and shall take any and all other actions necessary to create in favor of the Collateral Agent a valid, perfected, first priority security
interest in each Loan and Permitted Investment (subject to Permitted Liens) granted to the Collateral Agent under laws and regulations (including without limitation Articles 8 and 9 of the UCC, as applicable) in effect at the time of such grant):

(i) in the case of an Instrument or a Certificated Security represented by a Security Certificate in registered form by having it
specially Indorsed to the Collateral Agent or in blank by an effective Indorsement or registered in the name of the Collateral Agent and by (A) delivering such Instrument or Security Certificate to the Document Custodian, at its address in
Section 3.4(a) and (B) causing the Document Custodian to maintain (on behalf of the Collateral Agent) continuous possession of such Instrument or Security Certificate; 

(ii) in the case of an Uncertificated Security, by (A) causing the Collateral Agent to become the registered owner of such
Uncertificated Security and (B) causing such registration to remain effective; 

(iii) in the case of any Security Entitlement, by
causing the Collateral Agent to have control over such Security Entitlement pursuant to the applicable Securities Account Control Agreement; 

(iv) and in the case of general intangibles (including any Loan or Permitted Investment not evidenced by an Instrument) by filing,
maintaining and continuing the effectiveness of, a financing statement naming the Borrower as debtor and the Collateral Agent as secured party and describing the Loan or Permitted Investment (as the case may be) as the collateral at the filing
office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (it being agreed that an all assets financing statement will be sufficiently descriptive for this clause (iv)). 

72 

ARTICLE IV. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 4.1 Representations and Warranties of the Borrower. 

The Borrower, solely in respect of itself, represents and warrants as follows as of the Measurement Date, and as of each other date provided
under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents on which such representations and warranties are required to be (or deemed to be) made (unless a specific date is specified below): 

(a) Organization and Good Standing. It has been duly formed, and is validly existing as a limited liability company in good standing,
under the laws of the State of Delaware, with all requisite limited liability company power and authority to own or lease its properties and conduct its business as such business is presently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and now has all
necessary power, authority and legal right to acquire, own and sell the Collateral. 

(b) Due Qualification. It is duly qualified to
do business as a limited liability company, is in good standing as a limited liability company, and has obtained all necessary qualifications, licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its property or the
conduct of its business requires such qualifications, licenses or approvals, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Power and Authority; Due Authorization; Execution and Delivery. It (i) has all necessary limited liability company power,
authority and legal right to (a) execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and (b) carry out the terms of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and (ii) has duly
authorized by all necessary limited liability company action, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the pledge and assignment of a security interest in the Collateral
on the terms and conditions herein provided. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered by it. 

(d) Binding Obligation. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party constitutes a legal, valid and
binding obligation of it enforceable against it in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by Insolvency Laws and general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity). 

(e) No Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it
is a party and the fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof will not (i) conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, its
organizational documents or conflict with in any material respect any of its Contractual Obligation, (ii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any such
Contractual Obligation, other than this Agreement, or (iii) violate any Applicable Law in any material respect. 

73 

(f) No Proceedings. There is no litigation or administrative proceeding or
investigation pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it or its properties, before any Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party, (ii) seeking to
prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or (iii) seeking any determination or ruling with respect to the matters described in clauses
(i) and (ii). 

(g) All Consents Required. All material approvals, authorizations, consents, orders, licenses or other actions
of any Person or of any Governmental Authority (if any) required for the due execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party have been obtained, in each case, other than where the
failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(h) Bulk Sales. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby do not require compliance with any bulk sales act or similar law by it. 

(i) Selection Procedures. In selecting the Loans to be pledged pursuant to this Agreement, no selection procedures were employed which
are intended to be adverse to the interests of the Lenders. 

(j) Solvency. It is not the subject of any Insolvency Proceedings or
Insolvency Event. The transactions under this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party do not and will not render it not Solvent. It is paying its debts as they become due (subject to any applicable grace period); and,
after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby, it will not have unreasonably small capital to conduct its business. 

(k)
Pledge of Collateral. Except as otherwise expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement, no item of Collateral has been sold, transferred, assigned or pledged by it to any Person, other than as contemplated by Article II and the
pledge of such Collateral to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

(l)
No Injunctions. No injunction, writ, restraining order or other order of any nature adversely affects its performance of its obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which it is a party. 

(m) Taxes. It has filed or caused to be filed all material tax returns that are required to be filed by it. It has paid or made
adequate provisions for the payment of all material Taxes and all assessments made against it or any of its property (other than any amount of Tax the validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, and with
respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided on its books), and no tax lien (other than a Permitted Lien in respect of Taxes) has been filed and, to its knowledge, no claim is being asserted, with respect to any such Tax,
fee, assessment or other charge. 

(n) Exchange Act Compliance; Regulations T, U and X. None of the transactions contemplated herein
or in the other Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, the use of the proceeds from the pledge of the Collateral) will, to the knowledge of the Borrower, violate or result in a violation of Section 7 of the Exchange Act, or any
regulations 

74 

issued pursuant thereto, including, without limitation, Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 12 C.F.R., Chapter II. It does not own or intend to
purchase, and no proceeds from the Advances will be used to purchase, any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U or to extend purpose credit within the meaning of Regulation U. 

(o) Security Interest. 

(i)
This Agreement creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in the Collateral in favor of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, which security interest is prior to all other Liens (except for
Permitted Liens), and is enforceable as such against creditors of and purchasers from it; 

(ii) the Collateral is comprised of
instruments, security entitlements, general intangibles, tangible chattel paper, accounts, certificated securities, uncertificated securities or securities
accounts (each as defined in the applicable UCC) and/or such other category of collateral under the applicable UCC as to which it has complied with its obligations under this Section 4.1(o); 

(iii) with respect to Collateral that constitute security entitlements: 

(1) all of such security entitlements have been credited to one of the Accounts and the Securities Intermediary for each
Account has agreed to treat all assets credited to such Account as financial assets within the meaning of the applicable UCC; 

(2) it has taken all steps necessary to cause the Securities Intermediary to identify in its records the Collateral Agent, for
the benefit of the Secured Parties, as the Person having a security entitlement against the Securities Intermediary in each of the Accounts; and 

(3) the Accounts are not in the name of any Person other than it, subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit
of the Secured Parties. The Securities Intermediary of any Account which is a securities account under the UCC has agreed to comply with the entitlement orders and instructions of it, the Collateral Manager and the Collateral Agent
(acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) in accordance with the Transaction Documents, including causing cash to be invested in Permitted Investments; provided that upon the delivery of a notice of exclusive control under the applicable
Securities Account Control Agreement by the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) following a Termination Event, the Securities Intermediary has agreed to only follow the entitlement orders and instructions of the Collateral
Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, including with respect to the investment of cash in Permitted Investments. 

(iv) all Accounts
constitute securities accounts as defined in the applicable UCC; 

(v) it owns and has good and marketable title to the
Collateral free and clear of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) of any Person; 

75 

(vi) it has received all consents and approvals required by the terms of any Loan and all
consents, licenses, approvals or authorizations of or registrations or declarations of any Governmental Authority or any Person required to be obtained, effected or given by it to the granting of a security interest in the Loans hereunder to the
Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties; 

(vii) it has caused the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper
filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under Applicable Law in order to perfect the security interest in the Collateral and that portion of the Loans in which a security interest may be perfected by filing granted to the Collateral Agent, on
behalf of the Secured Parties, under this Agreement; 

(viii) other than the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent, on behalf
of the Secured Parties, pursuant to this Agreement, it has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in or otherwise conveyed any of the Collateral. It has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements
against it that include a description of collateral covering the Collateral other than any financing statement that has been terminated and/or fully and validly assigned to the Collateral Agent on or prior to the date hereof. It is not aware of the
filing of any judgment or tax lien filings (other than any Permitted Lien) against it; 

(ix) all original executed copies of each
underlying promissory note, that constitute or evidence each Loan has been, or subject to the delivery requirements contained herein, will be delivered to the Document Custodian; 

(x) other than in the case of Noteless Loans, it has received, or subject to the delivery requirements contained herein will receive, a
written acknowledgment from the Document Custodian that the Document Custodian or its bailee is holding the underlying promissory notes that constitute or evidence the Loans solely on behalf of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties; 

(xi) none of the underlying promissory notes, that constitute or evidence the Loans has any marks or notations indicating that
they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties; 

(xii) with respect to Collateral that constitutes a Certificated Security, such Certificated Security has been delivered to the Document
Custodian on behalf of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and, if in registered form, has been specially Indorsed to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or in blank by an effective Indorsement or
has been registered in the name of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, upon original issue or registration of transfer by it of such Certificated Security; and with respect to Collateral that constitutes an Uncertificated
Security, it has caused the issuer of such Uncertificated Security to register the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as the registered owner of such Uncertificated Security. 

76 

(p) Information. All information (other than financial projections, pro forma
financial information, other forward-looking information, information of a general economic or general industry nature and all third party memos or reports, in each case that were prepared and submitted in good faith) furnished by it or on its
behalf to the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian or any Lender in connection with this Agreement, when taken as a whole, are true, complete and correct in all material respects and no such information, when taken as a whole,
omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they were made; provided that, solely with respect to written or electronic information furnished by it
or on its behalf which was provided to it from an Obligor with respect to a Loan, such information need only be true, complete and correct in all material respects to its knowledge; providedfurther that the foregoing proviso shall not
apply to any information presented in a Collateral Managers Certificate, Collateral Report, Funding Request or Repayment Notice. 

(q) Location of Offices. Its location (within the meaning of Article 9 of the UCC) is the State of Delaware. The office where it keeps
all the Records is at its address referred to in Section 13.2 hereof (or at such other locations as to which the notice and other requirements specified in Section 5.2(g) shall have been
satisfied). Its Federal Employee Identification Number is correctly set forth on Exhibit C. It has not changed its name (whether by amendment of its organizational documents, by reorganization or otherwise) or its jurisdiction of organization
and has not changed its location within the four months preceding the Closing Date. 

(r) Collection Account. The Collection Account
is the only account to which Obligors (or the administrative agents in respect of each applicable Loan) are directed to send Collections on the Collateral. It has not granted any Person other than the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties, an interest in the Collection Account. 

(s) Tradenames. It has no trade names, fictitious names, assumed names or
doing business as names or other names under which it has done or is doing business. 

(t) Value Given. It shall have
given reasonably equivalent value to the applicable third party seller (or, in the case of a contribution, to the Parent on account of its equity interest in it) of Collateral in consideration for the transfer to it of the Collateral, no such
transfer shall have been made for or on account of an antecedent debt, and no such transfer is or may be voidable or subject to avoidance under any section of the Bankruptcy Code. 

(u) Accounting. It accounts for its interests in the Collateral as assets on its balance sheet for financial accounting purposes, in
each case consistent with GAAP and with the requirements set forth therein. 

(v) Special Purpose Entity. It acknowledges that the
Lenders are entering into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in reliance upon its identity as a legal entity that is separate from the Parent. Therefore, from and after the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement, it shall take
all reasonable steps to maintain its separate legal identity and to make it manifest to third parties that it is an entity with assets and liabilities distinct from those of the Parent and not just a division of the Parent. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing and in addition to the other covenants set forth herein, it will not hold itself out to third parties as liable for the debts of the Parent. In addition, it has not and shall not: 

77 

(i) engage in any business or activity other than the purchase and receipt of Collateral
and related assets, the transfer and pledge of Collateral under the Transaction Documents and such other activities as are incidental thereto; 

(ii) acquire or own any material assets other than (a) the Collateral and related assets, (b) Permitted Investments and
(c) incidental property as may be necessary for the its operation and the performance of its obligations under the Transaction Documents; 

(iii) merge into or consolidate with any Person or dissolve, terminate or liquidate in whole or in part, transfer or otherwise dispose of all
or substantially all of its assets (other than in accordance with the provisions hereof) or change its legal structure, or jurisdiction of formation, without in each case first obtaining the consent of each Lender; 

(iv) control the decision or actions respecting the daily business or affairs of any other Person except as otherwise permitted under this
Agreement; 

(v) fail to preserve its existence as an entity duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
jurisdiction of its formation, or without the prior written consent of each Lender, amend, modify, terminate or fail to comply with the provisions of its organizational documents, or fail to observe limited liability company formalities; 

(vi) operate, or purport to operate, collectively as a single or consolidated business entity with respect to any other Person (except as may
be required for U.S. federal income tax purposes and except for accounting purposes, it may be consolidated with other Persons (including the Parent) as permitted by GAAP); 

(vii) own any Subsidiary or make any Investment in any Person (other than Permitted Investments) without the consent of each Lender; 

(viii) except as permitted by this Agreement, commingle its assets with the assets of any of its Affiliates, or of any other Person; 

(ix) incur any Indebtedness, secured or unsecured, direct or contingent (including guaranteeing any obligation), other than Indebtedness to
the Secured Parties hereunder or in conjunction with a repayment of all Advances owed to the Lenders; 

(x) become insolvent or fail to
pay its debts and liabilities from its assets as the same shall become due; 

(xi) fail to maintain its records, books of account and bank
accounts separate and apart from those of any other Person; 

(xii) enter into any contract or agreement with any Person, except
(a) the Transaction Documents and (b) other contracts or agreements that are upon terms and conditions that are commercially reasonable and substantially similar to those that would be available on an arms-length basis with third parties
other than such Person; 

(xiii) seek its dissolution or winding up in whole or in part; 

78 

(xiv) fail to correct any known misunderstandings regarding its separate identity and any
Affiliate or any principal thereof or any other Person; 

(xv) guarantee, become obligated for, or hold itself out to be responsible for
the debt of another Person; 

(xvi) fail either to hold itself out to the public as a legal entity separate and distinct from any other
Person or to conduct its business solely in its own name (other than for U.S. income tax purposes) in order not (a) to mislead others as to the identity of the Person with which such other party is transacting business, or (b) to suggest
that it is responsible for the debts of any third party (including any of its principals or Affiliates); 

(xvii) fail to maintain
adequate capital for the normal obligations reasonably foreseeable in a business of its size and character and in light of its contemplated business operations; 

(xviii) file or consent to the filing of any petition, either voluntary or involuntary, to take advantage of any applicable insolvency,
bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization statute, or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors; 

(xix) except as may be required
or permitted by the Code and regulations or other applicable state or local tax law, hold itself out as or be considered as a department or division of (a) any of its principals or Affiliates, (b) any Affiliate of a principal or
(c) any other Person; 

(xx) fail to maintain separate financial statements, showing its assets and liabilities separate and apart
from those of any other Person, except to the extent that its financial and operating results are consolidated with those of the Parent in consolidated financial statements; 

(xxi) fail to pay its own liabilities and expenses only out of its own funds; 

(xxii) fail to pay the salaries of its own employees, if any, in light of its contemplated business operations; 

(xxiii) acquire the obligations or securities of its Affiliates or stockholders, other than with respect to any Eligible Loan whose Obligor
is an Affiliate of the Collateral Manager or the Parent so long as such Eligible Loan shall have been acquired from a Person who is not Affiliated with the Collateral Manager or the Parent; 

(xxiv) fail to allocate fairly and reasonably any overhead expenses that are shared with an Affiliate, including paying for office space and
services performed by any employee of an Affiliate; 

(xxv) [reserved]; 

(xxvi) pledge its assets for the benefit of any other Person, other than with respect to payment of the indebtedness to the Secured Parties
hereunder; and 

79 

(xxvii) fail to maintain at least one Independent Manager. 

(w) No Adverse Agreements. There are no agreements in effect adversely affecting the its rights to make, or cause to be made, the grant
of the security interest in the Collateral contemplated by Article IX. 

(x) Termination Event/Unmatured Termination Event.
No event has occurred which constitutes a Termination Event, and no event has occurred and is continuing which constitutes an Unmatured Termination Event. 

(y) Collateral Management Standard. Each of the Loans was acquired and is being serviced in conformance with the Collateral Management
Standard. 

(z) [Reserved]. 

(aa) Investment Company Act. It is not required to be registered as an investment company within the meaning of the 1940
Act. 

(bb) ERISA. Other than, in each case, as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect:
(i) the present value of all benefits vested under each employee pension benefit plan, as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA, other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is, or at any time during the preceding six years
was, subject to Title IV of ERISA and maintained by it or any ERISA Affiliate of it, or to which it or any ERISA Affiliate of it contributed or has an obligation to contribute, or has any liability (each, a Pension Plan), does not
exceed the value of the assets of the Pension Plan allocable to such vested benefits (based on the value of such assets as of the last annual valuation date) determined in accordance with the assumptions for funding such Pension Plan pursuant to
Sections 412 and 430 of the Code for the applicable plan year; (ii) no (A) prohibited transactions (within the meaning of Section 406(a) or (b) of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) for which an exemption is not available or has
not previously been obtained from the United States Department of Labor, (B) failure to meet the minimum funding standard as set forth in Section 302(a) of ERISA and Section 412(a) of the Code, (C) withdrawal from a Pension Plan
subject to 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it or an ERISA Affiliate of it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA), or a cessation of operations that is treated as a withdrawal under
Section 4062(e) of ERISA or (D) Reportable Events, have occurred with respect to any Pension Plans; (iii) neither it nor any ERISA Affiliate of it has incurred any liability with respect to any Multiemployer Plan or Pension Plan,
that, in the aggregate, could subject it to any material tax, penalty or other liability; (iv) it and each ERISA Affiliate of it has fulfilled its obligations to make any contribution or payment to any Multiemployer Plan, and neither it nor any
ERISA Affiliate of it has received notice of or incurred a complete or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan or received notice that any Multiemployer Plan, is insolvent or has been terminated; and (v) no notice of intent to terminate
a Pension Plan has been filed, nor has any Pension Plan been terminated under Section 4041(c) of ERISA, nor has the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation instituted proceedings to terminate, or appoint a trustee to administer a Pension Plan and
no event has occurred or condition exists that might constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan. 

80 

(cc) Compliance with Law. It has complied in all material respects with all
Applicable Law to which it may be subject, and no item of Collateral contravenes any Applicable Law (including, without limitation, all applicable predatory and abusive lending laws, laws, rules and regulations relating to licensing, truth in
lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy). 

(dd)
Collections. It acknowledges that all Collections received by it or its Affiliates with respect to the Collateral pledged hereunder are held and shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties until deposited into the Collection
Account within two (2) Business Days after receipt as required herein. 

(ee) Set-Off,
etc. No Loan has been compromised, adjusted, extended, satisfied, subordinated, rescinded, set-off or modified by it or the Obligor thereof, and no Collateral is subject to compromise, adjustment,
extension, satisfaction, subordination, rescission, set-off, counterclaim, defense, abatement, suspension, deferment, deduction, reduction, termination or modification, whether arising out of transactions
concerning the Collateral or otherwise, by it or the Obligor with respect thereto, except, in each case, for amendments, extensions and modifications, if any, to such Collateral otherwise permitted pursuant to
Section 6.4(a) of this Agreement and in accordance with the Collateral Management Standard. 

(ff) Full
Payment. As of the Funding Date thereof, it has no knowledge that any Loan will not be paid in full. 

(gg) Accuracy of
Representations and Warranties. Each representation or warranty by it contained herein or in any certificate or other document furnished by it pursuant hereto or in connection herewith is true and correct in all material respects (other than any
such representation or warranty that is qualified by material, materially, Material Adverse Effect, or a similar term or phrase, in which case, such representation or warranty shall be true and correct (as so
qualified)). 

(hh) Tax Owner of the Borrower. The Person from which it is disregarded as separate for U.S. federal income tax
purposes is and shall be a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

(ii)
Environmental. With respect to each item of Related Property as of the applicable Funding Date for the Loan related to such Related Property, to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower or the Collateral Manager:
(a) the related Obligors operations comply in all respects with all applicable Environmental Laws; (b) none of the related Obligors operations is the subject of a federal or state investigation evaluating whether any remedial
action, involving expenditures, is needed to respond to a release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment; and (c) the related Obligor does not have any material contingent liability in connection with any release of any Hazardous
Materials into the environment. As of the applicable Funding Date for the Loan related to such Related Property, neither it nor the Collateral Manager has received any written or verbal notice of, or inquiry from any Governmental Authority
regarding, any violation, alleged violation, non-compliance, liability or potential liability regarding environmental matters or compliance with Environmental Laws with regard to any of the Related Property,
nor does any such Person have knowledge or reason to believe that any such notice will be received or is being threatened. 

81 

(jj) USA PATRIOT Act. Neither it nor any of its Affiliates is (i) a country,
territory, organization, person or entity named on an Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) list; (ii) a Person that resides or has a place of business in a country or territory named on such lists or which is designated as a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, or whose subscription funds are transferred from or through such a jurisdiction; (iii) a Foreign Shell
Bank within the meaning of the USA PATRIOT Act, i.e., a foreign bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is not affiliated with a bank that has a physical presence and an acceptable level of regulation and
supervision; or (iv) a person or entity that resides in or is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction designated by the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Sections 311 or 312 of the USA PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures
due to money laundering concerns. 

(kk) [Reserved]. 

(ll) Broker-Dealer. It is not a broker-dealer or subject to the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970, as amended. 

(mm) Plan Assets Status. Its underlying assets do not constitute plan assets of any Benefit Plan Investor and will not
constitute plan assets of any Benefit Plan Investor at any time during the term of this Agreement (in each case as determined under the Plan Asset Regulations). Further, it is not a governmental plan within the meaning of
Section 3(32) of ERISA or any other plan that is subject to any law, rule or regulation that is similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (Similar Law), and to its knowledge its underlying assets
are not and, at any time during the term of this Agreement, will not be subject to Similar Law. 

(nn) Sanctions. None of the
Borrower, its subsidiaries, its directors or officers, or, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, its employees or its Affiliates, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by Persons that are (i) Sanctioned Persons or (ii) located,
organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions broadly prohibiting dealings with such government, country or territory; provided that this clause (nn) shall not apply to the extent it
would result in a breach of Council Regulation EC 2271/96. The Borrower is, and at all times for the past five (5) years has been, in compliance with all applicable Sanctions. 

(oo) Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. As of each day during the term of this Agreement and at all times for the
past five (5) years, it and, to its best knowledge, any director, officer, employee, agent or representative thereof or an Affiliate acting on its behalf and in connection with the business of the Parent or its business, has conducted its
business in material compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, and has instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws. 

82 

Section 4.2 Representations and Warranties of the Borrower
Relating to the Agreement and the Collateral. 

The Borrower hereby represents and warrants, solely in respect of itself, as of the
Measurement Date and any date which Loans are pledged hereunder and as of each other date provided under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents on which such representations and warranties are required to be (or deemed to be) made: 

(a) Valid Transfer and Security Interest. This Agreement constitutes a grant of a security interest in all of the Collateral to the
Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, which upon the delivery of the Required Loan Documents to the Document Custodian and the filing of the financing statements described in Section 4.1(o) and shall be
a valid and first priority perfected security interest in the Loans forming a part of the Collateral and in that portion of the Collateral in which a security interest may be perfected by filing subject only to Permitted Liens. Neither it nor any
Person claiming through or under it shall have any claim to or interest in the Collection Account or any other Account and, if this Agreement constitutes the grant of a security interest in such property, except for its interest in such property as
a debtor for purposes of the UCC. 

(b) Eligibility of Collateral. Each such Loan included as an Eligible Loan in any calculation of
the Borrowing Base is an Eligible Loan. 

(c) No Fraud. To its knowledge, each Loan was acquired without any fraud or material
misrepresentation on the part of the Obligor. 

Section 4.3 Representations and Warranties of the
Collateral Manager. 

The Collateral Manager represents and warrants as follows as of the Measurement Date and as of each other
date provided under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents on which such representations and warranties are required to be (or deemed to be) made: 

(a) Organization and Good Standing. The Collateral Manager has been duly organized and is validly existing as a limited liability
company, in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with all requisite corporate power and authority to own or lease its properties, conduct its business as such business is presently conducted and enter into and perform its
obligations pursuant to this Agreement. 

(b) Due Qualification. The Collateral Manager is duly qualified to do business as a
corporation, is in good standing as a corporation, and has obtained all necessary qualifications, licenses and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of its property and or the conduct of its business requires such
qualification, licenses or approvals, except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Power and Authority; Due Authorization; Execution and Delivery. The Collateral Manager (i) has all necessary corporate power,
authority and legal right to (a) execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and (b) carry out the terms of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and (ii) has duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which the Collateral Manager is
a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Collateral Manager. 

83 

(d) Binding Obligation. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which
the Collateral Manager is a party constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Collateral Manager enforceable against the Collateral Manager, in accordance with its respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
Insolvency Laws and general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity). 

(e) No Violation. The
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the fulfillment of the terms hereof and thereof will not (i) conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms
and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, the Collateral Managers organizational documents or conflict with in any material respect any Contractual Obligation of the Collateral Manager
(ii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the Collateral Managers properties pursuant to the terms of any such Contractual Obligation, other than this Agreement, or (iii) violate any Applicable Law. 

(f) No Proceedings. There is no litigation or administrative proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Collateral
Manager, threatened against the Collateral Manager, before any Governmental Authority (i) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which the Collateral Manager is a party, (ii) seeking to prevent the
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which the Collateral Manager is a party or (iii) seeking any such determination or ruling with respect to the matters described in
clauses (i) and (ii). 

(g) All Consents Required. All approvals, authorizations, consents, orders, licenses or other actions
of any Person or of any Governmental Authority (if any) required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Collateral Manager of this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which the Collateral Manager is a party have been
obtained, in each case, other than where a failure to obtain would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(h)
Reports Accurate. Other than financial projections, pro forma financial information, other forward-looking information, information of a general economic or general industry nature and all third party memos or reports, in each case that were
prepared and submitted in good faith, all Collateral Managers Certificates, Collateral Reports, Funding Requests, Repayment Notices, Loan Information, Required Reporting and other written or electronic information, exhibits, financial
statements, documents, books, records or reports furnished or to be furnished by the Collateral Manager to the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian or any Lender in connection with this Agreement are true, complete and correct in
all material respects and no such Collateral Managers Certificate, Collateral Report, Funding Request, Repayment Notice, Loan Information, Required Reporting or other written or electronic information, exhibit, financial statement, document,
book, record or report, when taken as a whole, omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading; in light of the circumstances under which they were made, and was prepared and furnished in good

84 

faith; provided that, solely with respect to written or electronic information furnished by or on behalf of the Collateral Manager which was provided to the Collateral Manager from an
Obligor with respect to a Loan, such information need only be true, complete and correct to the knowledge of the Collateral Manager; providedfurther that the foregoing proviso shall not apply to any information presented in a
Collateral Managers Certificate, Collateral Report, Funding Request, Repayment Notice, Loan Information or Required Reporting. 

(i)
Collections. The Collateral Manager acknowledges that all Collections received by it or its Affiliates with respect to the Collateral pledged hereunder are held and shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties until deposited
into the Collection Account within two (2) Business Days after receipt as required herein. 

(j) Bulk Sales. The execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby do not require compliance with any bulk sales act or similar law by the Collateral Manager. 

(k) Solvency. The Collateral Manager is not the subject of any Insolvency Proceedings or Insolvency Event. The transactions under this
Agreement and any other Transaction Document to which the Collateral Manager is a party do not and will not render the Collateral Manager not Solvent. 

(l) Taxes. The Collateral Manager has filed or caused to be filed all material tax returns that are required to be filed by it. The
Collateral Manager has paid or made adequate provisions for the payment of all material Taxes and all material assessments made against it or any of its property (other than any amount of Tax the validity of which is currently being contested in
good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of the Collateral Manager), and no tax lien (other than a Permitted Lien in respect of Taxes) has been filed and, to the
Collateral Managers knowledge, no material claim is being asserted, with respect to any such Tax, fee, assessment or other charge (other than in respect of any Tax the validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings, with respect to which there is expected no Material Adverse Effect, and with respect to which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been provided on the books of the Collateral Manager). 

(m) Exchange Act Compliance; Regulations T, U and X. The Collateral Manager has not knowingly caused the Borrower to take any action
that would cause any of the transactions contemplated herein or in the other Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, the use of the proceeds from the pledge of the Collateral) to violate or result in a violation of Section 7 of
the Exchange Act, or any regulations issued pursuant thereto, including, without limitation, Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 12 C.F.R., Chapter II. 

(n) Security Interest. The Collateral Manager will take all steps necessary to ensure that the Borrower has granted a security interest
(as defined in the UCC) to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral, which is enforceable in accordance with Applicable Law upon execution and delivery of this Agreement. Upon the filing of UCC-1 financing statements naming the Collateral Agent as secured party and the Borrower as debtor, the 

85 

Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have a valid and first priority perfected security interest in the Loans and that portion of the Collateral in which a security
interest may be perfected by filing (except for any Permitted Liens). All filings (including, without limitation, such UCC filings) as are necessary for the perfection of the Secured Parties security interest in the Loans and that portion of
the Collateral in which a security interest may be perfected by filing (or prior to the applicable Advance) will be made. 

(o)
ERISA. Other than, in each case, as would not reasonably be expected, to result in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) the present value of all benefits vested under each employee pension benefit plan, as such term is defined in
Section 3(2) of ERISA, other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is, or at any time during the preceding six years was, subject to Title IV of ERISA and maintained by the Collateral Manager or any ERISA Affiliate of the Collateral Manager, or to
which the Collateral Manager or any ERISA Affiliate of the Collateral Manager contributed or has an obligation to contribute, or has any liability (each, a Collateral Manager Pension Plan), does not exceed the value of the assets
of the Collateral Manager Pension Plan allocable to such vested benefits (based on the value of such assets as of the last annual valuation date) determined in accordance with the assumptions for funding such Collateral Manager Pension Plan pursuant
to Sections 412 and 430 of the Code for the applicable plan year; (ii) no (A) prohibited transactions (within the meaning of Section 406(a) or (b) of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) for which an exemption is not available or
has not previously been obtained from the United States Department of Labor, (B) failure to meet the minimum funding standard as set forth in Section 302(a) of ERISA and Section 412(a) of the Code, (C) withdrawal from a
Collateral Manager Pension Plan subject to 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which the Collateral Manager or an ERISA Affiliate of the Collateral Manager was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA), or a
cessation of operations that is treated as a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA or (D) Reportable Events, have occurred with respect to any Collateral Manager Pension Plans; (iii) neither the Collateral Manager nor any ERISA
Affiliate of the Collateral Manager has incurred any liability with respect to any Multiemployer Plan or Pension Plan, that, in the aggregate, could subject the Collateral Manager to any material tax, penalty or other liability; (iv) the
Collateral Manager and each ERISA Affiliate of the Collateral Manager has fulfilled its obligations to make any contribution or payment to any Multiemployer Plan, and neither the Collateral Manager nor any ERISA Affiliate of the Collateral Manager
has received notice of or incurred a complete or partial withdrawal from or default with respect to any Multiemployer Plan or received notice that any Multiemployer Plan is insolvent or has been terminated; and (v) no notice of intent to
terminate a Collateral Manager Pension Plan has been filed, nor has any Collateral Manager Pension Plan been terminated under Section 4041(c) of ERISA, nor has the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation instituted proceedings to terminate, or
appoint a trustee to administer a Collateral Manager Pension Plan and no event has occurred or condition exists that might constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any
Collateral Manager Pension Plan. 

(p) Collection Account. The Collateral Manager has not permitted the Borrower to grant any Person
other than the Collateral Agent an interest in the Collection Account, other than any such interest that has been terminated or fully and validly assigned to the Collateral Agent on or prior to the date hereof. 

86 

(q) USA PATRIOT Act. Neither the Collateral Manager nor any Affiliate of the
Collateral Manager is (i) a country, territory, organization, person or entity named on an Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) list; (ii) a Person that resides or has a place of business in a country or territory named on such lists or
which is designated as a Non-Cooperative Jurisdiction by the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, or whose subscription funds are transferred from or through such a jurisdiction;
(iii) a Foreign Shell Bank within the meaning of the USA PATRIOT Act, i.e., a foreign bank that does not have a physical presence in any country and that is not affiliated with a bank that has a physical presence and an acceptable
level of regulation and supervision; or (iv) a person or entity that resides in or is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction designated by the United States Secretary of the Treasury under Sections 311 or 312 of the USA PATRIOT Act as
warranting special measures due to money laundering concerns. 

(r) [Reserved]. 

(s) No Injunctions. No injunction, writ, restraining order or other order of any nature adversely affects the Collateral Managers
performance of its obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction Document to which the Collateral Manager is a party. 

(t)
Instructions to Obligors. The Collection Account is the only account to which Obligors (or the administrative agents in respect of each applicable Loan) have been instructed by the Collateral Manager on the Borrowers behalf to send
Principal Collections and Interest Collections on the Collateral. 

(u) Allocation of Charges. There is not any agreement or
understanding between the Collateral Manager and the Borrower (other than as expressly set forth herein or as consented to by the Lead Lender), providing for the allocation or sharing of obligations to make payments or otherwise in respect of any
taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges. 

(v) Collateral Manager Default. No event has occurred which constitutes a
Collateral Manager Default. 

(w) Broker-Dealer. The Collateral Manager is not a broker-dealer or subject to the Securities Investor
Protection Act of 1970, as amended. 

(x) Compliance with Law. The Collateral Manager has complied in all material respects with all
Applicable Law to which it may be subject, and no Loan in the Collateral contravenes in any material respect any Applicable Law (including, without limitation, all applicable predatory and abusive lending laws, laws, rules and regulations relating
to licensing, truth in lending, fair credit billing, fair credit reporting, equal credit opportunity, fair debt collection practices and privacy). 

(y) Sanctions. None of the Collateral Manager, its subsidiaries, their respective directors or officers, or, to the best knowledge of
the Collateral Manager, their respective employees or its Affiliates, is a Person that is, or is owned or controlled by, Persons that are: (i) Sanctioned Persons or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is, or
whose government is, the subject of Sanctions broadly prohibiting dealings with such government, country or territory; provided that this clause (y) shall not apply to the extent it would result in a breach of Council Regulation EC
2271/96. The Borrower is, and at all times for the past five (5) years has been, in compliance with all applicable Sanctions. 

87 

(z) Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. As of each day during the
term of this Agreement (i) the Collateral Manager and, to the best knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, employee, agent or representative thereof or an Affiliate acting on its behalf and in connection with the business of the
Parent or the Borrower, has conducted its business in material compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, and has instituted and maintained policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws
and (ii) the Collateral Manager and each of its Affiliate is not and has not been under administrative, civil or criminal investigation or received notice from any Governmental Authority regarding a specific possible violation of any
Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Laws which such possible violation could be material to the interests of the Lenders. 

Section 4.4 Representations and Warranties of the Collateral Agent. 

The Collateral Agent in its individual capacity and as Collateral Agent represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) Organization; Power and Authority. It is a duly organized and validly existing national banking association in good standing under
the laws of the United States. It has full corporate power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform its obligations as Collateral Agent under this Agreement. 

(b) Due Authorization. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions provided for herein have
been duly authorized by all necessary association action on its part, either in its individual capacity or as Collateral Agent, as the case may be. 

(c) No Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and the
fulfillment of the terms hereof will not conflict with, result in any breach of its articles of incorporation or bylaws or any of the material terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under
any indenture, contract, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, or other instrument to which the Collateral Agent is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 

(d) No Violation. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and the
fulfillment of the terms hereof will not conflict with or violate, in any material respect, any Applicable Law. 

(e) All Consents
Required. All approvals, authorizations, consents, orders or other actions of any Person or Governmental Authority applicable to the Collateral Agent, required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance by
the Collateral Agent of the transactions contemplated hereby and the fulfillment by the Collateral Agent of the terms hereof have been obtained. 

88 

(f) Validity, Etc. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation
of the Collateral Agent, enforceable against the Collateral Agent in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable Insolvency Laws or general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in
equity). 

Section 4.5 Representations and Warranties of the Document Custodian. 

The Document Custodian in its individual capacity and as Document Custodian represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) Organization; Power and Authority. It is a duly organized and validly existing national banking association in good standing under
the laws of the United States. It has full corporate power, authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform its obligations as Document Custodian under this Agreement. 

(b) Due Authorization. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions provided for herein have
been duly authorized by all necessary association action on its part, either in its individual capacity or as Document Custodian, as the case may be. 

(c) No Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby and the
fulfillment of the terms hereof will not conflict with, result in any breach of its articles of incorporation or bylaws or any of the material terms and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) a default under
any indenture, contract, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, or other instrument to which the Document Custodian is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 

(d) No Violation. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of the Transactions contemplated hereby and the
fulfillment of the terms hereof will not conflict with or violate, in any material respect, any Applicable Law. 

(e) All Consents
Required. All approvals, authorizations, consents, orders or other actions of any Person or Governmental Authority applicable to the Document Custodian, required in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance by
the Document Custodian of the transactions contemplated hereby and the fulfillment by the Document Custodian of the terms hereof have been obtained. 

(f) Validity, Etc. The Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Document Custodian, enforceable against the
Document Custodian in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable Insolvency Laws and general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity). 

89 

ARTICLE V. 

GENERAL COVENANTS 

Section 5.1 Affirmative Covenants of the Borrower. 

From the date hereof until the Collection Date, the Borrower covenants and agrees that: 

(a) Organizational Procedures and Scope of Business. It will observe all organizational procedures required by its organizational
documents and the laws of its jurisdiction of formation. Without limiting the foregoing, it will limit the scope of its business to: (i) the acquisition of Eligible Loans and the ownership and management of the Related Security and the related
assets in the Collateral; (ii) the sale, transfer or other disposition of Loans as and when permitted under the Transaction Documents; (iii) entering into and performing under the Transaction Documents; (iv) consenting or withholding
consent as to proposed amendments, waivers and other modifications of the Underlying Instruments to the extent not in conflict with the terms of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; (v) exercising any rights (including but not
limited to voting rights and rights arising in connection with an Insolvency Event with respect to an Obligor or the consensual or non-judicial restructuring of the debt or equity of an Obligor) or remedies in
connection with the Loans and participating in the committees (official or otherwise) or other groups formed by creditors of an Obligor to the extent not in conflict with the terms of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; and
(vi) engaging in any activity and to exercise any powers permitted to limited liability companies under the laws of the State of Delaware that are related to the foregoing and necessary, convenient or advisable to accomplish the foregoing. 

(b) Compliance with Law. It will comply in all material respects with all Applicable Law, including those with respect to the
Collateral or any part thereof. 

(c) Preservation of Borrower Existence. It will preserve and maintain its limited liability
company existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its formation, and qualify and remain qualified in good standing as a limited liability company, in each jurisdiction where the failure to preserve and maintain such
existence, rights, franchises, privileges and qualification has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(d) Performance and Compliance with Collateral. It will, at its expense, timely and fully perform and comply in all material respects
with all provisions, covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under the Collateral and all other agreements related to such Collateral. 

(e) Keeping of Records and Books of Account. It (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) will maintain and implement, administrative
and operating procedures (including, without limitation, an ability to recreate records evidencing the Collateral in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain all documents, books, records and other information
reasonably necessary for the collection of all or any portion of the Collateral and the identification of the Collateral. 

90 

(f) Protection of Interest in Collateral. With respect to the Collateral acquired by
it, it will (i) acquire such Collateral from Parent under the Purchase and Sale Agreement or directly from the Obligor thereof or from an agent bank in the case of a primary syndication or from an agent bank or another lender in case of a
secondary market purchase, (ii) (at its expense) take all action necessary to perfect, protect and more fully evidence its ownership of such Collateral free and clear of any Lien other than Permitted Liens, including, without limitation, executing
or causing to be executed such other instruments or notices as may be necessary or appropriate, and (iii) take all additional action that the Lead Lender may reasonably request to perfect, protect and more fully evidence the respective
interests of the parties to this Agreement in the Collateral. 

(g) Deposit of Collections. It shall promptly (but in no event later
than two (2) Business Days after receipt) deposit all Collections received by it in respect of the Collateral into the Collection Account. 

(h) Special Purpose Entity. It shall be in compliance with the special purpose entity requirements set forth in
Section 4.1(v). 

(i) Termination Events. As soon as is practicable and no later than three
(3) Business Days following its knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event, it will provide the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender with immediate written notice of the occurrence
of such Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event of which it has knowledge or has received notice. In addition, such notice will include a written statement of a Responsible Officer of its setting forth the details of such event and the
action that it proposes to take with respect thereto. 

(j) Taxes. It will file and pay any and all material Taxes due and payable
by it under Applicable Law; provided that it shall not be required to pay any such Taxes if the validity thereof shall currently be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, with respect to which appropriate reserves therefore have
been established in its books in accordance with GAAP. 

(k) Obligor Notification Forms. It shall furnish the Collateral Agent and
the Loan Agent with an appropriate power of attorney to send (at the direction of the Lead Lender solely after the occurrence and during the continuation of a Termination Event) Obligor notification forms to give notice to the Obligors of the
Collateral Agents interest in the Collateral and the obligation to make payments as directed by the Loan Agent on the Collateral Agents behalf. 

(l) Adverse Claims. It will not create, or participate in the creation of, or permit to exist, any Liens in relation to the Collection
Account other than as disclosed to the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender and existing as of the date of this Agreement and other than Permitted Liens. 

(m) Notices. It will furnish to the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender: 

91 

(i) Income Tax Liability. Within ten (10) Business Days after the receipt of
revenue agent reports or other written proposals, determinations or assessments of the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing authority which propose, determine or otherwise set forth positive adjustments to (i) its Tax liability or the
Tax liability of any affiliated group (within the meaning of Section 1504(a)(l) of the Code) of which it is a member in an amount equal to or greater than $5,000,000 in the aggregate or (ii) to its Tax liability itself in an
amount equal or greater than $500,000 in the aggregate, telephonic or facsimile notice (confirmed in writing within five (5) Business Days) specifying the nature of the items giving rise to such adjustments and the amounts thereof; 

(ii) Auditors Management Letters. Promptly after the receipt thereof, any auditors management letters are received by it
or by its accountants; 

(iii) Representations and Warranties under this Agreement. Promptly after receiving knowledge or notice of
the same, it shall notify the Lead Lender and each Lender if any representation or warranty set forth in Section 4.1 or Section 4.2 was incorrect at the time it was given or deemed to have been
given and at the same time deliver to the Lead Lender, the Collateral Agent and each Lender a written notice setting forth in reasonable detail the nature of such facts and circumstances. In particular, but without limiting the foregoing, it shall
notify the Lead Lender, the Collateral Agent and each Lender in the manner set forth in the preceding sentence before any Funding Date of any facts or circumstances within its knowledge which would render any of the said representations and
warranties untrue as of such Funding Date; 

(iv) ERISA. Promptly after (A) receiving notice of any Reportable Event with
respect to it (or any ERISA Affiliate thereof) or (B) the occurrence of an event described in Section 4.1(bb) of this Agreement with respect to it (or any ERISA Affiliate thereof), in each case that would reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, a copy of such notice (in the case of prong (A)) or a written description of the event (in the case of prong (B)); 

(v) Proceedings. It will furnish to the Loan Agent as soon as possible and in any event within five (5) Business Days after it
receives notice, or obtains knowledge thereof, notice of any settlement of, material judgment (including a material judgment with respect to the liability phase of a bifurcated trial) in or commencement of any material litigation, material action,
material suit or material proceeding before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, affecting the Collateral, the Transaction Documents, the Collateral Agents, for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, interest in the Collateral, or it or the Collateral Manager or any of their Subsidiaries; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, any settlement, judgment, litigation, action, suit or proceeding affecting
the Collateral, the Transaction Documents, the Collateral Agents, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, interest in the Collateral, or it in excess of $5,000,000 or more shall be deemed to be material for purposes of this
Section 5.1(m); 

(vi) Notice of Material Events. Promptly upon becoming aware thereof, notice of any
other event or circumstances that, in its reasonable judgment, is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; and 

92 

(vii) Accounting Changes. As soon as possible and in any event within three
(3) Business Days after the effective date thereof, notice of any material change in its accounting policies. 

(n) Contest
Recharacterization. It shall in good faith contest the treatment of any Loans acquired from a third party seller as property of the bankruptcy estate of such third party seller. 

(o) Disclosure of Purchase Price. It shall disclose to the Loan Agent and the Lenders the purchase price for each Loan proposed to be
acquired by it. 

(p) Obligor Defaults and Insolvency Events. It shall give, or shall cause the Collateral Manager to give, notice
to the Loan Agent and the Lenders within 30 days of its or the Collateral Managers actual knowledge of the occurrence of any event of default by an Obligor under any Loan or any Insolvency Event with respect to any Obligor under any Loan. 

(q) Required Loan Documents. It shall deliver to the Document Custodian a copy of the Required Loan Documents pertaining to each Loan
within five (5) Business Days of the Funding Date pertaining to such Loan. 

(r) Proper Records. It shall at all times keep
proper books of records and accounts in which full, true and correct entries shall be made of its transactions in accordance with GAAP and set aside on its books from its earnings for each fiscal year all such proper reserves in accordance with
GAAP. 

(s) Satisfaction of Obligations. It shall pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become
delinquent, as the case may be, all its obligations of whatever nature, except where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves with respect thereto have been provided on its
books. 

(t) Tax Treatment. It and the Lenders shall treat the Advances advanced hereunder as indebtedness of the entity from which
it is disregarded as separate for U.S. federal income tax purposes and shall file any and all tax forms in a manner consistent therewith. 

(u) Disregarded Entity. It will be disregarded as an entity separate from its owner pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3(b), and neither it nor any other Person on its behalf shall make an election or take any other action that may cause it to be treated as other than an entity disregarded from its owner. 

(v) Other. It will promptly furnish to the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender such other information, documents, records
or reports respecting the Collateral or the condition or operations, financial or otherwise of itself as the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender may from time to time reasonably request in order to protect the interests of the Secured
Parties under or as contemplated by this Agreement, and shall provide such documents and information requested by the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender that are reasonably required in order to comply with Anti-Money Laundering Laws, the
Beneficial Ownership Regulation and laws, rules and regulations relating to Sanctions and, in each case, related policies. 

93 

(w) Plan Assets Notice. It shall promptly notify the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent
and the Lead Lender in the event that (i) its underlying assets constitute plan assets of any Benefit Plan Investor (as determined under the Plan Asset Regulations) or (ii) its underlying assets are treated as assets of a
governmental plan within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA (a Governmental Plan) or other plan subject to Similar Law while this Agreement is in effect, and, in any such event, shall provide a description of the steps
that it has taken or intends to take in order to comply with the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA Section 406 and Code Section 4975 or, if its underlying assets are treated as assets of a Governmental Plan or other plan subject
to Similar Law, to comply with the applicable provisions of Similar Law. 

Section 5.2 Negative Covenants
of the Borrower. 

From the date hereof until the Collection Date, the Borrower covenants and agrees that: 

(a) Other Business. It will not (i) engage in any business or incur any obligation, liability or contingent obligations other than
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and its organizational documents, (ii) incur any Indebtedness of any kind other than as permitted under or pursuant to the Transaction Documents, or (iii) form any Subsidiary or
make any Investment (other than Permitted Investments and the Loans contemplated herein) in any other Person. 

(b) Collateral Not to be
Evidenced by Instruments. It will take no action to cause any Loan that is not, as of the related Funding Date, evidenced by an Instrument, to be so evidenced except in connection with the enforcement or collection of such Loan or unless such
Instrument is promptly (but in no event later than three (3) Business Days) delivered to the Document Custodian, together with an Indorsement in blank, as collateral security for such Loan. 

(c) Security Interests. Except as otherwise permitted herein and in respect of any Discretionary Sale, it will not sell, pledge, assign
or transfer to any other Person, or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any Collateral, whether now existing or hereafter transferred hereunder, or any interest therein, and it will not sell, pledge, assign or suffer to exist
any Lien (except for Permitted Liens) on its interest in the Collateral. It will promptly notify the Loan Agent and each Lender of the existence of any Lien on any Collateral following its receipt of notice or knowledge thereof and it shall defend
the right, title and interest of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties in, to and under the Collateral against all claims of third parties; provided that nothing in this Section 5.2(c) shall
prevent or be deemed to prohibit it from suffering to exist Permitted Liens upon any of the Collateral. 

(d) Mergers, Acquisitions, All
Asset Sales, etc. It will not be a party to any merger or consolidation, or purchase or otherwise acquire any of the assets or any stock of any class of, or any partnership or joint venture interest in, any other Person (other than through the
exercise of remedies against an Obligor), or convey or transfer its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person. 

(e)
Deposits to Special Accounts. It will not deposit or otherwise credit, or cause or permit to be so deposited or credited, to the Collection Account cash or cash proceeds other than Collections in respect of the Collateral; provided
that notwithstanding the foregoing, Excluded Amounts may be deposited or credited to the Collection Account if promptly identified and removed by it or the Collateral Manager. 

94 

(f) Restricted Junior Payments. It shall not make any Restricted Junior Payment
except to the extent permitted by Section 2.7, 2.8 and 2.9. 

(g) Change of Name or Location of
Required Loan Documents. It shall not (x) change its name, move the location of its principal place of business and registered office, change the offices where it keeps the Records from the location referred to in
Section 13.2, or change the jurisdiction of its formation, other than as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (y) without the prior consent of the Lead Lender, consent to the
Document Custodian or the Collateral Agent (as applicable) or the Collateral Manager moving, the Required Loan Documents from the location thereof (as set forth in Section 5.7(c) of this Agreement) on the Closing Date,
unless it has given at least 30 days (or such shorter period as the Lead Lender may agree in writing) written notice to the Lead Lender and the Collateral Agent and, in the case of both clauses (x) and (y), has taken all actions required
under the UCC of each relevant jurisdiction in order to continue the first priority perfected security interest of the Collateral Agent (subject to Permitted Liens), for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral. 

(h) Accounting of Purchases. Other than for tax and financial accounting purposes or as otherwise required by law, it will not account
for or treat (whether in financial statements or otherwise) the acquisition of Loans contemplated by this Agreement in any manner other than as a sale of the Collateral to it. 

(i) ERISA Matters. Other than as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, it will not: (a) engage,
and will exercise its best efforts not to permit any ERISA Affiliate to engage, in any prohibited transaction (within the meaning of ERISA Section 406(a) or (b) or Code Section 4975) for which an exemption is not available or has not
previously been obtained from the United States Department of Labor with respect to any Pension Plan; (b) fail to meet the minimum funding standard set forth in Section 302(a) of ERISA and Section 412(a) of the Code with respect to
any Pension Plan other than a Multiemployer Plan; (c) fail to make any payments to a Multiemployer Plan that it or any ERISA Affiliate may be required to make under the agreement relating to such Multiemployer Plan or any law pertaining
thereto; (d) terminate any Pension Plan so as to result, directly or indirectly in any liability to it; or (e) permit to exist any occurrence of any Reportable Event. 

(j) Organizational Documents. It will not amend, modify, waive or terminate any provision of its organizational documents in a manner
adverse to the Lenders in any material respect without the prior written consent of the Lead Lender. 

(k) Changes in Payment
Instructions to Obligors. It will not make any change, or permit the Collateral Manager to make any change, in its instructions to Obligors (or the administrative agent with respect to each Loan) regarding payments to be made to the Collection
Account with respect to the Collateral, unless the Lead Lender has consented to such addition, termination or change (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). 

95 

(l) Extension or Amendment of Collateral. Following the occurrence of a Termination
Event, it will not, except as otherwise permitted in Section 6.4(a), extend, amend or otherwise modify the terms of any Loan (including the Related Security) without the prior written consent of the Lead Lender. 

(m) Use of Proceeds. It shall not use the proceeds of any Advance other than to finance the purchase by it from the Parent or any third
party seller, on a true sale or true contribution basis, of Collateral. It shall maintain and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that its Affiliates maintain policies and procedures designed to prevent
violation of any applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction. It shall not, directly or knowingly indirectly, use the proceeds of the Advances hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available
such proceeds to any subsidiary, sister company, joint venture, partner or any other Person to fund any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any country or territory, that, at the time of such funding, is a Sanctioned Person or a
country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of Sanctions broadly prohibiting dealings with such government, country or territory; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to the extent it would result in a breach of
Council Regulation EC 2271/96. It shall not, directly or knowingly indirectly, use the proceeds of the Advances hereunder, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, sister company, joint venture partner or any
other Person in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions, any applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws, regulations or rules in any applicable jurisdiction by any Person (including any Person participating in the loan hereunder,
whether as underwriter, advisor, investor, lender, hedge provider, facility or security agent or otherwise). It shall not use the proceeds of any Advance in a manner that would cause such credit extension to become a covered transaction
as defined in Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 371c) and the Federal Reserve Boards Regulation W (12 C.F.R. Part 223), including any covered transaction where the proceeds of any Advance are used for the
benefit of, or transferred to, an Affiliate of a Lender, without the consent of the Lender with respect to which such credit extension would be a covered transaction. It shall provide written notice to the Loan Agent, the Collateral
Agent and each Lender of any violation of this clause (m) not more than two (2) Business Days after it receives notice or obtains knowledge thereof. 

(n) Sanctions. It shall provide to the Loan Agent or cause to be provided to the Loan Agent promptly following any reasonable request
by the Loan Agent or any Lender, all documentation and other information that the Loan Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer, Anti-Money Laundering Laws and
Sanctions rules and regulations. 

(o) Limited Assets. It shall not hold or own any assets that are not part of the Collateral
(other than any Margin Stock). 

(p) Allocation of Charges. There will not be any agreement or understanding between the Collateral
Manager and it (other than as expressly set forth herein or as consented to by the Lead Lender), providing for the allocation or sharing of obligations to make payments or otherwise in respect of any Taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental
charges. 

96 

(q) Owner of the Borrower. It shall not permit its owner to be other than a
United States person within the meaning Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

(r) Requirements for Material Actions.
At all times its organizational documents shall reflect that the unanimous consent of all managers (including the consent of the Independent Manager(s)) be required (and it shall ensure that all such consents are obtained) for it to (i) file
any insolvency, or reorganization case or proceeding, (ii) institute proceedings to have it be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, (iii) institute proceedings under any applicable insolvency law, (iv) seek any relief under any law
relating to relief from debts or the protection of debtors, (v) consent to the filing or institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, (vi) file a petition seeking, or consent to, reorganization or relief with respect to
it under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy or insolvency, (vii) seek or consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator, custodian, or any similar official of or for it, or a
substantial part of its property, (viii) make any assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (ix) admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due or (x) take any action in furtherance of any of the
foregoing. 

Section 5.3 Affirmative Covenants of the Collateral Manager. 

From the date hereof until the Collection Date: 

(a) Compliance with Law. The Collateral Manager will comply in all material respects with all Applicable Law, including those with
respect to managing and servicing the Collateral or any part thereof. 

(b) Preservation of Existence. The Collateral Manager will
preserve and maintain its corporate existence in the jurisdiction of its formation, and qualify and remain qualified in good standing as a corporation, in each jurisdiction where the failure to preserve and maintain such existence, rights,
franchises, privileges and qualification has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Obligations
and Compliance with Collateral. The Collateral Manager will do nothing to impair the rights of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or of the Secured Parties in, to and under the Collateral; provided that, without
limiting the foregoing (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Managers indemnification obligations hereunder), it is understood and agreed that the Collateral Manager will not act as a guarantor with respect to any obligation of the
Borrower hereunder. 

(d) Keeping of Records and Books of Account. 

(i) The Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Borrower, will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including,
without limitation, an ability to recreate records evidencing the Collateral in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and keep and maintain all documents, books, records and other information determined by the Collateral Manager in
accordance with the Collateral Management Standard to be reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all or any portion of the Collateral and the identification of the Collateral. 

97 

(ii) The Collateral Manager will, on or prior to the date hereof, mark its books and
records in a manner that accurately ensures all assets which constitute Collateral are clearly marked as being held in the Borrowers name. 

(e) Preservation of Security Interest. The Collateral Manager (at its own expense but subject to reimbursement as provided in
Sections 2.7, 2.8 and 2.9), on behalf of the Borrower) will file such financing and continuation statements and any other documents that may be required by any law or regulation of any Governmental Authority to preserve and
protect fully the first priority perfected security interest of the Collateral Agent (subject to Permitted Liens), for the benefit of the Secured Parties in, to and under the Loans and that portion of the Collateral in which a security interest may
be perfected by filing. The Collateral Manager shall deliver to the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document recorded, registered or filed as provided above, as soon as available following such
recording, registration or filing. 

(f) Termination Events. As soon as is practicable and no later than three (3) Business
Days following the Collateral Managers knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event, the Collateral Manager will provide the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender with immediate
written notice of the occurrence of such Termination Event and such Unmatured Termination Event of which the Collateral Manager has knowledge or has received notice. In addition, such notice will include a written statement of the chief financial
officer or chief accounting officer of the Collateral Manager setting forth the details of such event and the action that the Collateral Manager proposes to take with respect thereto. 

(g) Taxes. The Collateral Manager will file and pay any and all material Taxes due and payable by it under Applicable Law; provided
that it shall not be required to pay any such Taxes if the validity thereof shall currently be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and appropriate reserves therefore have been established in its books in accordance with GAAP. 

(h) [Reserved]. 

(i)
Proceedings. The Collateral Manager will furnish to the Lead Lender and each Lender as soon as possible and in any event within three (3) Business Days after any executive officer of the Collateral Manager receives notice or obtains
knowledge thereof, notice of any settlement of, material judgment (including a material judgment with respect to the liability phase of a bifurcated trial) in or commencement of any material labor controversy, material litigation, material action,
material suit or material proceeding before any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, affecting the Collateral, the Transaction Documents, the Secured Parties interest in
the Collateral or the Collateral Manager or any of their Subsidiaries; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, any settlement, judgment, litigation, action, suit or proceeding affecting the Collateral, the Transaction Documents, the
Collateral Agents, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, interest in the Collateral or the Collateral Manager in excess of $15,000,000 or more shall be deemed to be material for purposes of this Section 5.3(i). 

98 

(j) Deposit of Collections. The Collateral Manager shall and shall cause the Borrower
to promptly (but in no event later than two (2) Business Days after receipt) deposit all Collections received by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager into the Collection Account. 

(k) Change of Control. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Collateral Manager shall provide the Loan Agent, each Lender and
the Collateral Agent with notice of such Change of Control within 30 days after completion of the same. 

(l) Accounting Changes. As
soon as possible and in any event within three (3) Business Days after the effective date thereof, the Collateral Manager will provide to the Lead Lender notice of any material change in the accounting policies of the Collateral Manager with
respect to the Collateral. 

(m) [Reserved]. 

(n) Instructions to Agents and Obligors. The Collateral Manager shall direct any agent or administrative agent for any Loan to remit
all payments and collections with respect to such Loan, and, if applicable, to direct the Obligor with respect to such Loan to remit all such payments and collections with respect to such Loan directly to the Collection Account. The Borrower and the
Collateral Manager shall take commercially reasonable steps to ensure that only funds constituting payments and collections relating to Loans shall be deposited into the Collection Account; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing,
Excluded Amounts may be deposited or credited to the Collection Account if promptly identified and removed by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager. 

Section 5.4 Negative Covenants of the Collateral Manager. 

From the date hereof until the Collection Date. 

(a) Deposits to Special Accounts. The Collateral Manager will not deposit or otherwise credit, or cause to be so deposited or credited,
to the Collection Account cash or cash proceeds other than Collections in respect of the Collateral; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Excluded Amounts may be deposited or credited to the Collection Account if promptly identified
and removed by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager. 

(b) Mergers, Acquisition, Sales, etc. The Collateral Manager will not
consolidate with or merge into any other Person or convey or transfer its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person, unless the initial Collateral Manager is the surviving entity and unless: 

(i) the Collateral Manager has delivered to the Loan Agent and each Lender an Officers Certificate each stating that any such
consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer and any supplemental agreement executed in connection therewith comply with this Section 5.4 and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction
have been complied with and an Opinion of Counsel that such supplemental agreement is legal, valid and binding with respect to the Collateral Manager and such other matters as the Lead Lender may reasonably request; 

99 

(ii) the initial Collateral Manager shall have delivered notice of such consolidation,
merger, conveyance or transfer to the Loan Agent and each Lender; 

(iii) after giving effect thereto, no Termination Event or Collateral
Manager Default or event that with notice or lapse of time would constitute either a Termination Event or a Collateral Manager Default shall have occurred; 

(iv) the Loan Agent and each Lender have completed satisfactory know your customer review with respect to the successor
Collateral Manager in accordance with their standard policies and procedures and have confirmed the same in writing to the Collateral Manager; and 

(v) the Loan Agent and each Lender have consented in writing to such consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer. 

(c) Change of Location of Collateral Manager. The Collateral Manager shall not move the location of its principal place of business and
its chief executive office or change the jurisdiction of its formation if such move or change could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect due to the imposition of Sanctions, lack of compliance with applicable Anti-Corruption
Laws and/or Anti-Money Laundering Laws or increased Lender know your customer requirements. 

(d) Change in Payment
Instructions to Obligors. The Collateral Manager will not make any change, or permit the Borrower to make any change, in its instructions to Obligors regarding payments to be made to the Collection Account with respect to the Collateral, unless
the Lead Lender has consented to such addition, termination or change (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). 

(e)
Extension or Amendment of Loans. The Collateral Manager will not, except as otherwise permitted in Section 6.4(a), extend, amend or otherwise modify the terms of any Loan (including any Related Security). 

(f) Allocation of Charges. There will not be any agreement or understanding between the Collateral Manager and the Borrower (other than
as expressly set forth herein or as consented to by the Lead Lender), providing for the allocation or sharing of obligations to make payments or otherwise in respect of any Taxes, fees, assessments or other governmental charges. 

(g) Special Purpose Entity Requirements. The Collateral Manager shall not, and shall not cause the Borrower to, take any action that
would cause the Borrower to not be in compliance with the special purpose entity requirements set forth in Section 4.1(v). 

(h) Disregarded Entity. The Collateral Manager shall not, and shall not cause the Borrower to, take any action that would cause the
Borrower to not be disregarded as an entity separate from its owner pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3(b) and shall not cause either a Borrower or any other Person on its behalf to make an
election to be treated as other than an entity disregarded from its owner under Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3(c).

100 

(i) Collection Account. The Collateral Manager shall not, and shall not permit the
Borrower to, grant the right to take dominion and control of the Collection Account to any Person, except to the Collateral Agent as contemplated by this Agreement. 

Section 5.5 Affirmative Covenants of the Collateral Agent. 

From the date hereof until the Collection Date: 

(a) Compliance with Law. The Collateral Agent will comply in all material respects with all Applicable Law. 

(b) Preservation of Existence. The Collateral Agent will preserve and maintain its existence, rights, franchises and privileges in the
jurisdiction of its formation, and remain qualified in good standing in each jurisdiction where the failure to preserve and maintain such existence, rights, franchises, privileges and qualification has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a
Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.6 [Reserved]. 

Section 5.7 Affirmative Covenants of the Document Custodian. 

From the date hereof until the Collection Date: 

(a) Compliance with Law. The Document Custodian will comply in all material respects with all Applicable Law. 

(b) Preservation of Existence. The Document Custodian will preserve and maintain its existence, rights, franchises and privileges in
the jurisdiction of its formation and remain qualified in good standing in each jurisdiction where failure to preserve and maintain such existence, rights, franchises, privileges and qualification has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a
Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Location of Required Loan Documents. Subject to Section 8.8, the Required
Loan Documents shall remain at all times in the possession of the Document Custodian at the address set forth under its name on the signature pages hereto unless notice of a different address is given in accordance with the terms hereof or unless
the Lead Lender agrees to allow certain Required Loan Documents to be released to the Collateral Manager on a temporary basis in accordance with the terms hereof, except as such Required Loan Documents may be released pursuant to this Agreement.

Section 5.8 Negative Covenants of the Document Custodian. 

(a) From the date hereof until the Collection Date, the Document Custodian will not dispose of any documents constituting the Required Loan
Documents in any manner that is inconsistent with any instruction or direction of the Borrower, the Collateral Manager, the Majority Lenders or the Lead Lender, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement and will not dispose of any Collateral except
as instructed or directed by the Borrower, the Collateral Manager, the Majority Lenders or the Lead Lender, as applicable, in accordance with this Agreement. 

101 

(b) No Changes to Collateral Agent and Portfolio Administration Fee. From the date
hereof until the Collection Date the Document Custodian will not make any changes to the Collateral Agent and Portfolio Administration Fee set forth in the Document Custodian Fee Letter without the prior written approval of the Lead Lender and the
Borrower. 

ARTICLE VI. 

ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF CONTRACTS 

Section 6.1 Designation of the Collateral Manager. 

(a) Initial Collateral Manager. The servicing, administering and collection of the Collateral shall be conducted by the Person
designated as the Collateral Manager hereunder from time to time in accordance with this Section 6.1. Until the Lead Lender gives to AB Private Credit Investors LLC a Collateral Manager Termination Notice in accordance with
Section 6.11, AB Private Credit Investors LLC is hereby appointed as, and hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the duties and responsibilities of, a Collateral Manager pursuant to the terms hereof. The
Collateral Manager and the Borrower hereby acknowledge that the Lead Lender and the Secured Parties are third party beneficiaries of the obligations taken by the Collateral Manager hereunder. 

(b) Successor Collateral Manager. Upon the Collateral Managers receipt of a Collateral Manager Termination Notice from the Lead
Lender pursuant to Section 6.11, the Collateral Manager agrees that it will terminate its activities as Collateral Manager hereunder in a manner that the Lead Lender believes will facilitate the transition of the
performance of such activities to a successor Collateral Manager, and the successor Collateral Manager shall assume each and all of the Collateral Managers obligations to service and administer the Collateral, on the terms and subject to the
conditions herein set forth, and the Collateral Manager shall use its best efforts to assist the successor Collateral Manager in assuming such obligations. 

(c) Subcontracts. The Collateral Manager may, with the prior written consent of the Lead Lender, subcontract with any other Person for
servicing, administering or collecting the Collateral; provided that (i) the Collateral Manager shall select any such Person with reasonable care and shall be solely responsible for the fees and expenses payable to such person,
(ii) the Collateral Manager shall not be relieved of, and shall remain liable for the performance of the duties and obligations of the Collateral Manager pursuant to the terms hereof without regard to any subcontracting arrangement, and
(iii) any such subcontract shall be terminable upon the occurrence of a Collateral Manager Default. 

(d) Collateral Management
Programs. In the event that the Collateral Manager uses any software program in servicing the Collateral that it licenses from a third party, the Collateral Manager shall use its best efforts to obtain, either before the Closing Date or as soon
as possible thereafter, whatever licenses or approvals are necessary to allow the Collateral Manager to use such program and to allow the Collateral Manager to assign such licenses to any Successor Collateral Manager appointed as provided in this
Agreement. 

102 

Section 6.2 Duties of the Collateral Manager. 

(a) Duties. The Collateral Manager shall take or cause to be taken all such actions as may be necessary or advisable to service,
administer and collect on the Collateral from time to time, all in accordance with Applicable Law and the Collateral Management Standard. Without limiting the foregoing, the duties of the Collateral Manager shall include the following: 

(i) supervising the Collateral, including communicating with Obligors, negotiating and executing on behalf of the Borrower amendments,
restatements, supplements and other modifications (including, without limitation, in respect of restructuring agreements, prepackaged plans and other documents related to restructuring arrangements), negotiating and providing on behalf of the
Borrower consents and waivers, enforcing and collecting on the Collateral and otherwise managing the Collateral on behalf of the Borrower; 

(ii) preparing and submitting claims to, and acting as post-billing liaison with, Obligors on each Loan (for which no administrative or
similar agent exists); 

(iii) maintaining all necessary servicing records with respect to the Collateral and providing such reports to
the Loan Agent and each Lender (with a copy to the Collateral Agent and the Document Custodian) in respect of the servicing of the Collateral (including information relating to its performance under this Agreement) as may be required hereunder or as
the Loan Agent or each Lender may reasonably request; 

(iv) maintaining and implementing administrative and operating procedures
(including, without limitation, an ability to recreate servicing records evidencing the Collateral in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof) and keeping and maintaining all documents, books, records and other information reasonably
necessary or advisable for the collection of the Collateral; 

(v) promptly delivering to the Loan Agent, each Lender, the Collateral
Agent or the Document Custodian, from time to time, such information and servicing records (including information relating to its performance under this Agreement) as the Loan Agent, each Lender, the Collateral Agent or the Document Custodian may
from time to time reasonably request; 

(vi) identifying each Loan clearly and unambiguously in its servicing records to reflect that such
Loan is owned by the Borrower and that the Borrower is pledging a security interest therein to the Secured Parties pursuant to this Agreement; 

(vii) notifying the Loan Agent and each Lender of any material action, suit, proceeding, dispute, offset, deduction, defense or counterclaim
(1) that is asserted by an Obligor with respect to any Loan (or portion thereof) of which it has knowledge or has received notice; or (2) that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(viii) using its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the perfected security interest of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the
Secured Parties, in the Collateral; 

103 

(ix) directing the Collateral Agent to make payments pursuant to the terms of the
Collateral Report in accordance with Section 2.7, Section 2.8 and Section 2.9; 

(x) directing the purchase and sale of Collateral in Section 2.19; 

(xi) providing assistance to the Borrower with respect to the purchase and sale of and payment for the Loans; 

(xii) instructing the Obligors and the administrative agents on the Loans to make payments directly into the Collection Account; and 

(xiii) complying with such other duties and responsibilities as may be required of the Collateral Manager by this Agreement. 

It is acknowledged and agreed for purposes of this Article VI that in circumstances in which a Person other than a Borrower or the Collateral
Manager acts as lead agent with respect to any Loan, the Collateral Manager shall perform its servicing duties hereunder only to the extent that a Borrower, as a lender under the related loan syndication Underlying Instruments, has the right to do
so. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the exercise by the Secured Parties of their rights hereunder shall
not release the Collateral Manager or the Borrower from any of their duties or responsibilities with respect to the Collateral. The Secured Parties shall not have any obligation or liability with respect to any Collateral other than as provided in
this Agreement or under Applicable Law, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform any of the obligations of the Collateral Manager hereunder. 

(c) Any payment by an Obligor in respect of any Indebtedness owed by it to the Borrower shall, except as otherwise specified by such Obligor
or otherwise required by contract or law and unless otherwise instructed by the Lead Lender, be applied as a collection of a payment by such Obligor (starting with the oldest such outstanding payment due) to the extent of any amounts then due and
payable thereunder before being applied to any other receivable or other obligation of such Obligor. 

Section 6.3
Authorization of the Collateral Manager. 

(a) The Borrower, the Lead Lender and each Lender hereby authorizes the
Collateral Manager (including any successor thereto) to take any and all reasonable steps in its name and on its behalf necessary or desirable in the determination of the Collateral Manager and not inconsistent with the sale of the Collateral by the
Parent to the Borrower under the Purchase and Sale Agreements or the acquisition of the Collateral by the Borrower directly from third parties and, thereafter, the Pledge by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties
hereunder, to collect all amounts due under any and all Collateral, including, without limitation, endorsing any of their names on checks and other instruments representing Interest Collections and Principal Collections, executing and delivering any
and all instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or of partial or full release or discharge, and all other comparable instruments, with respect to the Collateral and, after the delinquency of any Collateral and to the extent permitted under and
in compliance with Applicable Law, to commence proceedings with respect to enforcing 

104 

payment thereof, to the same extent as the Parent could have done if it had continued to own such Collateral. The Parent, the Borrower and the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties
shall furnish the Collateral Manager (and any successors thereto) with any powers of attorney and other documents necessary or appropriate to enable the Collateral Manager to carry out its servicing and administrative duties hereunder, and shall
cooperate with the Collateral Manager to the fullest extent in order to ensure the collectability of the Collateral. In no event shall the Collateral Manager be entitled to make the Secured Parties, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Document
Custodian or any Lender a party to any litigation without such partys express prior written consent, or to make the Borrower a party to any litigation (other than any routine foreclosure or similar collection procedure) without the Loan
Agents and each Lenders consent. 

(b) After the declaration of the Termination Date, at the direction of the Lead Lender and
to the extent permitted under and in compliance with Applicable Law, the Collateral Manager shall take such action as the Lead Lender may deem necessary or advisable to enforce collection of the Collateral; provided that the Lead Lender may,
at any time after a Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, direct the Loan Agent to notify any Obligor with respect to any Collateral of the assignment of such Collateral to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, and
direct that payments of all amounts due or to become due be made directly to the Collateral Agent or any servicer, collection agent or account designated by the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) and, upon such
notification and at the expense of the Borrower, the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) may enforce collection of any such Collateral, and adjust, settle or compromise the amount or payment thereof. 

Section 6.4 Collection of Payments; Accounts. 

(a) Collection Efforts, Modification of Collateral. The Collateral Manager will use its commercially reasonable efforts, on behalf of
the Borrower, to collect or cause to be collected all payments called for under the terms and provisions of the Loans included in the Collateral as and when the same become due in accordance with the Collateral Management Standard. The Collateral
Manager may not waive, modify or otherwise vary any provision of an item of Collateral in a manner that would impair the collectability of the Collateral or in any manner contrary to the Collateral Management Standard. 

(b) Taxes and other Amounts. The Collateral Manager will use its commercially reasonable efforts, on behalf of the Borrower, to collect
all payments with respect to amounts due for Taxes, assessments and insurance premiums relating to each Loan to the extent required to be paid to the Borrower for such application under the Underlying Instrument and remit such amounts to the
appropriate Governmental Authority or insurer as required by the Underlying Instruments. 

(c) Payments to Collection Account. On or
before the applicable Funding Date, with respect to any Loan being acquired by the Borrower on such Funding Date, the Collateral Manager shall have instructed all Obligors to make all payments in respect of the Collateral directly to the applicable
Collection Account; provided that the Collateral Manager will promptly (and no later than two (2) Business Days) transfer to the Collection Account (in accordance with Section 2.10) any payments received by it
directly from any Obligor. 

105 

(d) Accounts. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that (i) each Account
shall be deemed to be a Securities Account and (ii) except as otherwise expressly provided herein and subject to the terms of the Securities Account Control Agreement, the Borrower shall be exclusively entitled to exercise the rights that
comprise each Financial Asset held in each Account. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees to cause the Securities Intermediary or any other securities intermediary that holds any money or other property for the Borrower in an Account to agree
with the parties hereto that (A) the cash and other property (subject to Section 6.4(e) below with respect to any property other than investment property, as defined in Section 9-102(a)(49) of
the UCC) is to be treated as a Financial Asset under Article 8 of the UCC and (B) the securities intermediarys jurisdiction (within the meaning of Section 8-110 of the UCC) for that
purpose shall be the state of New York. All securities or other property underlying any Financial Assets credited to the Accounts in the form of securities or instruments shall be registered in the name of the Securities Intermediary or if in the
name of the Borrower or the Collateral Agent, Indorsed to the Securities Intermediary, Indorsed in blank, or credited to another securities account maintained in the name of the Securities Intermediary, and in no case will any Financial Asset
credited to the Accounts be registered in the name of the Borrower, payable to the order of the Borrower or specially Indorsed to the Borrower, except to the extent the foregoing have been specially Indorsed to the Securities Intermediary or
Indorsed in blank. The Collateral Agent may from time to time establish any additional accounts or subaccounts deemed necessary by the Collateral Agent for convenience in administering the Collateral. 

(e) Underlying Instruments. Notwithstanding any term hereof (or any term of the UCC that might otherwise be construed to be applicable
to a securities intermediary as defined in the UCC) to the contrary, none of the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian nor any Securities Intermediary shall be under any duty or obligation in connection with the acquisition by the
Borrower, or the grant by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent, of any Loan in the nature of a loan to examine or evaluate the sufficiency of the documents or instruments delivered to it by or on behalf of the Borrower under the related Underlying
Instruments, or otherwise to examine the Underlying Instruments, in order to determine or compel compliance with any applicable requirements of or restrictions on transfer (including without limitation any necessary consents). The Document Custodian
shall hold any Instrument delivered to it evidencing any Loan granted to the Collateral Agent hereunder as custodial agent for the Collateral Agent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(f) Establishment of the Collection Account. The Borrower (or the Collateral Agent on its behalf) established, on or before the Closing
Date, with the Securities Intermediary, and maintained in the name of the Borrower, subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, two accounts for the purpose of segregating, within two (2) Business Days
of the receipt of any Collections, Principal Collections (the Principal Collection Account) and Interest Collections (the Interest Collection Account and together with the Principal Collection Account, the
Collection Account), respectively, over which the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall have control and from which none of the Collateral Manager nor the Borrower shall have any right of withdrawal. 

106 

(g) Establishment of the Unfunded Exposure Account. The Borrower (or the Collateral
Agent on its behalf) established, on or before the Closing Date, with the Securities Intermediary, and maintained in the name of the Borrower, subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a segregated
corporate trust account entitled Unfunded Exposure Account for ABPCIC FUNDING VI LLC, subject to the lien of U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties (with respect to the
Borrower, the Unfunded Exposure Account). Upon the acquisition of any Delayed Drawdown Obligation or Revolving Obligation Funds, funds in an amount equal to the Exposure Amount of such obligation shall be deposited into the
Unfunded Exposure Account. Following any such acquisition, the amount of funds on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account shall be equal to or greater than the aggregate of all Exposure Amounts. Amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account
as of any date of determination may be withdrawn to fund draw requests of the relevant Obligors under any Delayed Drawdown Obligation or Revolving Obligation. Any such draw request made by an Obligor, along with wiring instructions for the
applicable Obligor, shall be forwarded by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager to the Lead Lender, and the Lead Lender shall instruct the Document Custodian to fund such draw request in accordance with the Underlying Instrument pertaining to such
Delayed Drawdown Obligation or Revolving Obligation. As of any date of determination, any amounts on deposit in the Unfunded Exposure Account that exceed the aggregate of all Exposure Amounts in each case shall be transferred into the Principal
Collection Account as Principal Collections. 

(h) Establishment of the Reinvestment Account. The Borrower (or the Collateral Agent
on its behalf) established, on or before the Closing Date, with the Securities Intermediary, and maintained in the name of the Borrower, subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a segregated corporate
trust account entitled Reinvestment Account for ABPCIC FUNDING VI LLC, subject to the lien of U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties (with respect to the Borrower, the
Reinvestment Account). Funds on deposit in the Reinvestment Account as of any date of determination may be withdrawn during the Reinvestment Period to purchase Loans in accordance with Section 2.19(b).
Following the Reinvestment Period End Date, funds on deposit in the Reinvestment Account shall be transferred into the Principal Collections Account as Principal Collections and, if the Collateral Manager cannot identify Eligible Loans to invest in
accordance with this Agreement, the Collateral Manager, at its discretion, may direct the transfer of funds from the Reinvestment Account to the Principal Collections Account at any time. 

(i) Adjustments. If (i) the Collateral Manager makes a deposit into the Collection Account in respect of a Collection of a Loan
and such Collection was received by the Collateral Manager in the form of a check that is not honored for any reason or (ii) the Collateral Manager makes a mistake with respect to the amount of any Collection and deposits an amount that is less
than or more than the actual amount of such Collection, the Collateral Manager shall appropriately adjust the amount subsequently deposited into the Collection Account to reflect such dishonored check or mistake. Any Scheduled Payment in respect of
which a dishonored check is received shall be deemed not to have been paid. 

Section 6.5 Collateral
Management Compensation. 

As compensation for its servicing activities hereunder and reimbursement for its expenses, the
Collateral Manager or its designee shall be entitled to receive the Collateral Management Fee to the extent of funds available therefor pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.7(10),
Section 2.8(a)(4) and Section 2.9(7), as applicable. 

107 

Section 6.6 Payment of Certain Expenses by Collateral
Manager. 

The Collateral Manager shall be required to pay its expenses for its own account and shall not be entitled to any
payment therefor other than the Collateral Management Fee and other amounts permitted by Sections 2.7, 2.8 and 2.9 herein, including the reimbursement of third party costs of the Borrower paid by the Collateral Manager. 

Section 6.7 Reports. 

(a) Borrowing or Repayment Notice. On each Funding Date, on any termination in whole or reduction in part of the Facility Amount
pursuant to Section 2.3(a), on each reduction of Advances Outstanding pursuant to Section 2.3(b) and on each reinvestment of Principal Collections pursuant to
Section 2.8(a), the Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) will provide a Funding Request or a Repayment Notice, updated as of such date, to the Lead Lender, the Loan Agent and each Lender (with a copy to the
Collateral Agent). 

(b) Collateral Report and Payment Date Report. On each Reporting Date, the Collateral Manager will cause the
Collateral Agent to provide, on behalf of the Borrower, to the Lead Lender and the Loan Agent (and the Loan Agent shall forward such report to each Lender) (1) other than on any Reporting Date occurring in a month in which a Payment Date
occurs, a monthly statement substantially in the form of Exhibit B including (i) the Borrowing Base calculated as of the Determination Date for such calendar month and (ii) any other information the Collateral Manager may deem relevant
with respect to any Loan, as provided by the Collateral Manager (such monthly statement, a Collateral Report) and (2) on each Reporting Date occurring in a month in which a Payment Date occurs, a quarterly statement including
(i) the information required to be in a Collateral Report pursuant to clause (1) and (ii) the amounts to be remitted pursuant to Section 2.7, Section 2.8 or
Section 2.9 to the applicable parties (which shall include any applicable wiring instructions of the parties receiving payment) (the Payment Date Report). Each Collateral Report and each Payment Date
Report shall be signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. In addition, on each Reporting Date the Collateral Manager shall submit, on behalf of the Borrower, to the Lead Lender, each Lender and the Collateral Agent a certificate substantially
in the form of Exhibit E (a Collateral Managers Certificate), signed by a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Manager, which shall include a certification by such Responsible Officer that no Termination Event or
Unmatured Termination Event has occurred. 

(c) Financial Statements. The Collateral Manager will submit to the Lead Lender, each
Lender and the Collateral Agent, (i) within 60 days after the end of each of its fiscal quarters (excluding the fiscal quarter ending on the date for which consolidated audited financial statements are delivered pursuant to clause
(ii) below), commencing with the quarter ending June 30, 2025, unaudited financial statements of the Parent for the most recent fiscal quarter, and (ii) within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, commencing with the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2025, consolidated audited financial statements of the Parent, audited by a firm of nationally recognized independent public accountants, as of the end of such fiscal year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the requirement
to deliver financial statements in this Section 6.08(c) will be satisfied 

108 

at any such time as such financial statements are appropriately filed with the United States SEC or upon receipt of such information through e-mail (with
confirmation of receipt) or another delivery method acceptable to the Lead Lender. In addition, the Lead Lender may request, from time to time, but no more frequently than once per quarter, the liquidity position of the Parent, in a form to be
mutually agreed between the Lead Lender and the Collateral Manager. 

(d) Required Reporting. On or before each Quarterly Reporting
Date, the Collateral Manager will provide, on behalf of the Borrower, the Required Reporting available to it in respect of each Loan to the Loan Agent, each Lender and the Collateral Agent. Upon demand by the Lead Lender, the Collateral Manager will
provide such other information as the Lead Lender may reasonably request with respect to any Obligor. In addition, if any Reporting Trigger has occurred, the Collateral Manager shall provide the Loan Information within 30 days after the occurrence
of such Reporting Trigger. 

(e) Amendments to Loans. The Collateral Manager will post on a password protected website maintained by
the Collateral Manager to which each Lender will have access or deliver via email to each Lender a copy of any material amendment, restatement, supplement, waiver or other modification to the Underlying Instruments of any Loan (along with any
internal documents prepared by the Collateral Manager and provided to its investment committee in connection with such amendment, restatement, supplement, waiver or other modification) within ten (10) Business Days of the effectiveness of such
amendment, restatement, supplement, waiver or other modification. 

Section 6.8 Annual Statement as to
Compliance. 

The Collateral Manager will provide to the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender, within 120 days
following the end of each fiscal year of the Collateral Manager, commencing with the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2025, a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Manager substantially in the form of Exhibit H
certifying that (a) a review of the activities of the Collateral Manager, and the Collateral Managers performance pursuant to this Agreement, for the fiscal period ending on the last day of such fiscal year has been made under such
Persons supervision and (b) the Collateral Manager has performed or has caused to be performed in all material respects all of its obligations under this Agreement throughout such year and no Collateral Manager Default has occurred or, if
any such Collateral Manager Default has occurred a statement describing the nature thereof and the steps being taken to remedy such Collateral Manager Default. 

Section 6.9 Due Diligence. The Lead Lender shall have the right to perform due diligence with respect
to the Loans and other Collateral at any time on and after the twelve month anniversary of this Agreement, including without limitation with respect to compliance with the Eligibility Criteria provided that if the marketing of a Term CLO is
in process as of the twelve month anniversary of this Agreement, such right shall not arise until the thirteen month anniversary of the Closing Date. The Borrower and the Collateral Manager on its behalf shall assist the Lead Lender, and provide
such Underlying Instruments as requested by the Lead Lender, in connection with such review. 

109 

Section 6.10 The Collateral Manager Not to Resign.

The Collateral Manager shall not resign from the obligations and duties hereby imposed on it except upon the Collateral Managers
determination that (i) the performance of its duties hereunder is or becomes impermissible under Applicable Law and (ii) there is no reasonable action that the Collateral Manager could take to make the performance of its duties hereunder
permissible under Applicable Law. Any such determination permitting the resignation of the Collateral Manager shall be evidenced as to clause (i) above by an Opinion of Counsel to such effect delivered to the Loan Agent and each Lender. No such
resignation shall become effective until a Successor Collateral Manager shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of the Collateral Manager in accordance with Section 6.12. 

Section 6.11 Collateral Manager Defaults. 

If any one of the following events (a Collateral Manager Default) shall occur: 

(a) any failure by the Collateral Manager to make or cause to be made any payment, transfer or deposit into the Collection Account (including,
without limitation, with respect to bifurcation and remittance of Interest Collections and Principal Collections) as required by this Agreement which continues unremedied for a period of two (2) Business Days; 

(b) any failure on the part of the Collateral Manager duly to observe or perform in any material respect any other covenants or agreements of
the Collateral Manager set forth in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which the Collateral Manager is a party (including, without limitation, any material delegation of the Collateral Managers duties that is not permitted by
Section 6.1) (other than any such covenant or agreement that is qualified by material, materially, Material Adverse Effect, or a similar term or phrase, in which case, any failure by such
party duly to observe or perform such covenant or agreement (as so qualified)) and the same continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days (if such failure can be remedied) after the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which written
notice of such failure requiring the same to be remedied shall have been given to the Collateral Manager by any Lender or the Loan Agent (at the direction of the Lead Lender) and (ii) the date on which a Responsible Officer of the Collateral
Manager acquires actual knowledge thereof; 

(c) any representation, warranty or certification made by the Collateral Manager in any of the
Transaction Documents or in any certificate delivered pursuant to the Transaction Documents shall prove to have been incorrect when made, which inaccuracy has a Material Adverse Effect on the Lenders and which continues unremedied for a period of
thirty (30) days after the earlier to occur of (x) the date on which written notice of such inaccuracy shall have been delivered to the Collateral Manager by any Lender or the Loan Agent (at the direction of the Lead Lender), and
(y) the date on which a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Manager acquires knowledge thereof; 

110 

(d) the failure of the Collateral Manager to make any payment when due (after giving effect
to any related grace period) under one or more agreements for borrowed money to which it is a party in an aggregate amount in excess of United States $15,000,000, individually or in the aggregate, or the occurrence of any event or condition that has
resulted in the acceleration of such recourse debt or other obligations (unless such acceleration has been rescinded or waived or such indebtedness has been discharged); 

(e) the rendering against the Collateral Manager of one or more final judgments, decrees or orders for the payment of money in excess of
United States $15,000,000, individually or in the aggregate (in each case, net amounts covered by insurance), and the Collateral Manager shall not have either (i) had any such judgment, decree or order dismissed or discharged in accordance with
its terms or (ii) perfected a timely appeal of such judgment, decree or order and caused the execution of such judgment, decree or order to be stayed during the pendency of the appeal, in each case, within sixty days of such final judgment,
decree or order; 

(f) an Insolvency Event shall occur with respect to the Collateral Manager; 

(g) any Change of Control of the Collateral Manager; 

(h) the Collateral Manager or any of its senior executive officers is convicted by a court of competent jurisdiction of any action that
constitutes fraud or criminal activity relating to carrying out its portfolio management activities unless, in the case of a conviction of a of its senior executive officer, such person has, within 30 days after such occurrence, been removed from
performing work in fulfilment of the Collateral Managers role as portfolio manager under this Agreement; 

(i) the Lead Lender
reasonably determines that the Collateral Manager has undergone a change which gives rise to a Material Adverse Effect of the type described in clauses (a) or (d) of such definition; 

(j) the occurrence of a Termination Event, subject to the applicable cure periods set forth therein; 

(k) any failure by the Collateral Manager to deliver any required Collateral Report or other Required Reporting hereunder on or before the
date occurring five (5) Business Days after the date such report is required to be made or given, as the case may be, under the terms of this Agreement; 

(l) AB Private Credit Investors LLC or an Affiliate thereof shall cease to be the Collateral Manager or AB Private Credit Investors LLC shall
assign its rights or obligations as Collateral Manager hereunder to any Person other than an Affiliate without the consent of each Lender and the Lead Lender; or 

(m) it becomes unlawful for the Collateral Manager to perform its obligations as Collateral Manager; 

then notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Lead Lender, by written notice to the Collateral Manager (with a copy to the Loan Agent, the
Document Custodian and Collateral Agent) (a Collateral Manager Termination Notice), may terminate all of the rights and obligations of the Collateral Manager as Collateral Manager under this Agreement and appoint a Successor
Collateral Manager as provided in Section 6.12. For the avoidance of doubt, a Lender may be appointed as the Successor Collateral Manager and the appointment of any Successor Collateral Manager shall be in the sole
discretion of the Lead Lender. 

111 

Section 6.12 Appointment of Successor Collateral
Manager. 

(a) On and after the receipt by the Collateral Manager of a Collateral Manager Termination Notice pursuant to
Section 6.11, the Collateral Manager shall continue to perform all servicing functions under this Agreement until the date specified in the Collateral Manager Termination Notice or otherwise specified by the Lead Lender in
writing or, if no such date is specified in such Collateral Manager Termination Notice or otherwise specified by the Lead Lender, until a date mutually agreed upon by the Collateral Manager and the Lead Lender and shall be entitled to receive, to
the extent of funds available therefor pursuant to Section 2.7, Section 2.8 or Section 2.9, as applicable, the Collateral Management Fee therefor until such date. The Lead
Lender may, following delivery of a Collateral Manager Termination Notice in its sole discretion, upon 90 days prior written notice to the Collateral Manager, appoint a successor collateral manager (the Successor Collateral
Manager), and such Successor Collateral Manager shall accept its appointment by a written assumption in a form acceptable to the Lead Lender and each other Lender. In the event that a Successor Collateral Manager has not accepted its
appointment at the time when the Collateral Manager ceases to act as Collateral Manager, the Lead Lender shall petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint any established financial institution or asset manager, having a net worth of not
less than United States $50,000,000 and whose regular business includes the servicing of Collateral, as the Successor Collateral Manager hereunder. 

(b) Upon its appointment, the Successor Collateral Manager shall be the successor in all respects to the Collateral Manager to the Borrower
with respect to servicing functions under this Agreement and shall be subject to all the responsibilities, duties and liabilities relating thereto placed on the Collateral Manager by the terms and provisions hereof, and all references in this
Agreement to the Collateral Manager shall be deemed to refer to the Successor Collateral Manager; provided that the Successor Collateral Manager shall have (i) no liability with respect to any action performed by the terminated
Collateral Manager prior to the date that the Successor Collateral Manager becomes the successor to the Collateral Manager or any claim of a third party based on any alleged action or inaction of the terminated Collateral Manager, (ii) no
obligation to pay any taxes required to be paid by the Collateral Manager (provided that the Successor Collateral Manager shall pay any income taxes for which it is liable), (iii) no obligation to pay any of the fees and expenses of any other
party to the transactions contemplated hereby, and (iv) no liability or obligation with respect to any Collateral Manager indemnification obligations of any prior Collateral Manager, including the original Collateral Manager. The
indemnification obligations of the Successor Collateral Manager upon becoming a Successor Collateral Manager, are expressly limited to those arising on account of its failure to act in good faith and with reasonable care under the circumstances. In
addition, the Successor Collateral Manager shall have no liability relating to the representations and warranties of the Collateral Manager contained in Article IV. 

112 

(c) All authority and power granted to the Collateral Manager under this Agreement shall
automatically cease and terminate upon termination of this Agreement and shall pass to and be vested in the Borrower and, without limitation, the Borrower is hereby authorized and empowered to execute and deliver, on behalf of the Collateral
Manager, as attorney-in-fact or otherwise, all documents and other instruments, and to do and accomplish all other acts or things necessary or appropriate to effect the
purposes of such transfer of servicing rights. The Collateral Manager agrees to cooperate with the Borrower in effecting the termination of the responsibilities and rights of the Collateral Manager to conduct servicing of the Collateral. 

(d) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, a Successor Collateral Manager is authorized to accept and rely on
all of the accounting, records (including computer records) and work of the prior Collateral Manager relating to the Loans (collectively, the Predecessor Collateral Manager Work Product) without any audit or other examination
thereof, and such Successor Collateral Manager shall have no duty, responsibility, obligation or liability for the acts and omissions of the prior Collateral Manager. If any error, inaccuracy, omission or incorrect or
non-standard practice or procedure (collectively, Errors) exist in any Predecessor Collateral Manager Work Product and such Errors make it materially more difficult to service or should
cause or materially contribute to the Successor Collateral Manager making or continuing any Errors (collectively, Continued Errors), such Successor Collateral Manager shall have no duty, responsibility, obligation or liability for
such Continued Errors; provided that such Successor Collateral Manager agrees to use its best efforts to prevent further Continued Errors. In the event that the Successor Collateral Manager becomes aware of Errors or Continued Errors, it
shall, with the prior consent of the Lead Lender, use its best efforts to reconstruct and reconcile such data as is commercially reasonable to correct such Errors and Continued Errors and to prevent future Continued Errors. 

ARTICLE VII. 

THE
COLLATERAL AGENT 

Section 7.1 Designation of the Collateral Agent. 

(a) Initial Collateral Agent. The Borrower, the Lenders and the Loan Agent hereby designate and appoint the Collateral Agent to act as
its agent for the purposes of perfection of a security interest in the Collateral and hereby authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such actions on its behalf and on behalf of each of the Secured Parties and to exercise such powers and perform such
duties as are expressly granted to the Collateral Agent by this Agreement. The Collateral Agent hereby accepts such agency appointment to act as Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, until its resignation or removal as Collateral
Agent pursuant to the terms hereof. 

(b) Successor Collateral Agent. Upon the Collateral Agents receipt of Collateral Agent
Termination Notice from the Lead Lender and the designation of a successor collateral agent pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.5, the Collateral Agent agrees that it will terminate its activities as Collateral Agent
hereunder. 

113 

(c) Secured Party. Subject to Section 7.5 and 7.7,
the Lenders hereby appoint USB, in its capacity as Collateral Agent hereunder, as their agent for the purposes of perfection of a security interest in the Collateral. USB, in its capacity as Collateral Agent hereunder, hereby accepts such
appointment and agrees to perform the duties set forth in Section 7.2(b). 

Section 7.2
Duties of the Collateral Agent. 

(a) Appointment. The Borrower, the Lenders and the Loan Agent, as agent for the
Secured Parties, each hereby appoints USB to act as Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as from time to time designated pursuant to Section 7.1. The Collateral Agent hereby accepts such appointment and
agrees to perform the duties and obligations with respect thereto set forth herein. 

(b) Duties. From the Closing Date, and until
its removal or resignation pursuant to Section 7.5, the Collateral Agent shall perform, on behalf of the Secured Parties, the following duties and obligations. 

(i) The Collateral Agent shall prepare the Collateral Report in accordance with Section 6.7(a) and distribute funds
in accordance with such Collateral Report pursuant to Sections 2.7, 2.8 and 2.9; and 

(ii) The Collateral Agent
shall maintain a database of certain characteristics of the Collateral on an ongoing basis, and provide to the Borrower, the Collateral Manager and the Lead Lender certain reports, schedules and calculations, all as more particularly described in
this Section 7.2(b)(ii), based upon information and data received from the Collateral Manager. 

(iii) The
Collateral Manager shall supply any information required to be delivered by the Collateral Manager under this Agreement and any other Transaction Document, including any information agreed to be provided by the Collateral Manager pursuant to
Section 6.7 and any other information maintained by it that the Collateral Agent may from time to time reasonably request with respect to the Loans or other Collateral and reasonably needs to complete the reports,
calculations and certificates required to be prepared by the Collateral Agent hereunder or perform its other obligations hereunder. Such information shall include, without limitation, any information with respect to or as to the designation or
characterization of any Loans or other Collateral. The Collateral Agent may conclusively rely on any information provided by the Collateral Manager, the Lead Lender and the Lenders for any Collateral Report or otherwise provided in connection with
the performance of its duties under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

(iv) In no instance shall the Collateral Agent
be under any duty or obligation to take any action on behalf of the Collateral Manager in respect of the exercise of any voting or consent rights, or similar actions, unless it receives specific written instructions from the Collateral Manager,
prior to the occurrence of a Termination Event or the Loan Agent (at the direction of the Lead Lender), after the occurrence of Termination Event, in which event the Collateral Agent shall vote, consent or take such other action in accordance with
such instructions. 

114 

(c) (i) Each Secured Party further authorizes the Collateral Agent to take such action
as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents as are expressly delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto. In furtherance, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Secured Party hereby appoints the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) as its agent to execute and deliver all further instruments and
documents, and take all further action that the Lead Lender deems necessary or desirable in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interests granted by the Borrower hereunder, or to enable any of them to exercise or enforce
any of their respective rights hereunder, including, without limitation, the execution by the Collateral Agent as secured party/assignee of such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto or assignments thereof, relative to all or
any of the Loans now existing or hereafter arising, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or appropriate for the purposes stated hereinabove. Nothing in this Section 7.2(c) shall be deemed to relieve
the Borrower or the Collateral Manager of their respective obligations to protect the interest of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in the Collateral, including to file financing and continuation statements in respect of
the Collateral in accordance with Section 5.1(f) and Section 5.3(e). 

(ii) The Lead
Lender may direct the Collateral Agent to take any such incidental action hereunder. With respect to other actions which are incidental to the actions specifically delegated to the Collateral Agent hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall not be
required to take any such incidental action hereunder, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting) upon the direction of the Lead Lender; provided that the
Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any action hereunder at the request of any Secured Party or otherwise if the taking of such action, in the reasonable determination of the Collateral Agent, (x) shall be in violation of any
Applicable Law or contrary to any provisions of this Agreement or (y) shall expose the Collateral Agent to liability hereunder or otherwise (unless it has received indemnity which it reasonably deems to be satisfactory with respect thereto). In
the event the Collateral Agent requests the consent of the Lead Lender and the Collateral Agent does not receive a consent (either positive or negative) from the Lead Lender within ten (10) Business Days of its receipt of such request, then the
Lead Lender shall be deemed to have declined to consent to the relevant action. 

(iii) Except as expressly provided herein, the
Collateral Agent shall not be under any duty or obligation to take any affirmative action to exercise or enforce any power, right or remedy available to it under this Agreement or under any other Transaction Document (x) unless and until (and
to the extent) expressly so directed by the Lead Lender or (y) prior to the Termination Date (and upon such occurrence, the Collateral Agent shall act in accordance with the written instructions of the Lead Lender pursuant to clause (x));
provided that the Collateral Agent shall not be required to take any such action at the direction of the Lead Lender, any Secured Party or otherwise if the taking of such action, in the reasonable determination of the Collateral Agent,
(x) shall be in violation of any applicable law or contrary to any provisions of this Agreement or (y) shall expose the Collateral Agent to liability hereunder (unless it has been provided with an indemnity agreement (including the
indemnity provisions contained herein and in the other Transaction Documents) which it reasonably deems to be satisfactory with respect thereto. The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in accordance
with the request or direction of the Borrower, the Collateral Manager, the Lead Lender or any Secured Party, to the extent that this Agreement or any other Transaction Document provides the Borrower, the Collateral Manager or such Secured Party the
right to so direct the Collateral Agent, or the Lead Lender. 

115 

(iv) The delivery of reports, and other documents and information to the Collateral Agent
hereunder or under any other Transaction Document is for informational purposes only and the Collateral Agents receipt of such documents and information shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or
determinable from information contained therein. The Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any matter hereunder, including the occurrence of a Termination Event, Unmatured Termination Event or Collateral Manager
Default, unless a Responsible Officer of the Collateral Agent has actual knowledge of such matter or written notice thereof is received by the Collateral Agent from a Lender, the Borrower or the Collateral Manager referring to this Agreement,
describing such Termination Event, Unmatured Termination Event or Collateral Manager Default and stating that such notice is a Notice of Termination Event, Notice of Unmatured Termination Event or Notice of Collateral
Manager Default, as applicable. 

(d) If, in performing its duties under this Agreement, the Collateral Agent is required to decide
between alternative courses of action, the Collateral Agent may request written instructions (or, in its sole discretion, oral instructions followed by written confirmation thereof) from the Lead Lender as to the course of action desired by it. If
the Collateral Agent does not receive such instructions within two (2) Business Days after it has requested them, the Collateral Agent may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking any such courses of action. The Collateral
Agent shall act in accordance with instructions received after such two (2) Business Day period except to the extent it has already, in good faith, taken or committed itself to take, action inconsistent with such instructions. The Collateral
Agent shall be entitled to rely on the advice of legal counsel and independent accountants in performing its duties hereunder and shall be fully protected in acting in accordance with such advice. In the event the Collateral Agent shall receive
conflicting instruction from the Lead Lender and the Majority Lenders, the instruction of the Majority Lenders shall govern. 

(e)
Concurrently herewith, the Lead Lender directs the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Agent is authorized to enter into each Pledge Agreement and Securities Account Control Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, all of the Collateral Agents
rights, protections and immunities provided in this Agreement shall apply to the Collateral Agent for any actions taken or omitted to be taken under the Pledge Agreements and Securities Account Control Agreements in such capacity. 

Section 7.3 Merger or Consolidation. 

Any Person (i) into which the Collateral Agent may be merged or consolidated, (ii) that may result from any merger or consolidation
to which the Collateral Agent shall be a party, or (iii) that may succeed to the corporate trust business of the Collateral Agent, shall be the successor to the Collateral Agent under this Agreement without further act on the part of any of the
parties to this Agreement provided such Person is organized under the laws of the United States of America or any one of the States thereof or the District of Columbia (or any domestic branch of a foreign bank). 

116 

Section 7.4 Collateral Agent Compensation. 

As compensation for its Collateral Agent activities hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to receive the Collateral Agent and
Portfolio Administration Fee to the extent of funds available therefor pursuant to Section 2.7,Section 2.8(a) and Section 2.9, as applicable. The Collateral Agents
entitlement to receive fees pursuant to this Agreement shall cease (excluding any unpaid outstanding amounts as of that date) on the earliest to occur of: (i) its removal or resignation as Collateral Agent pursuant to
Section 7.5 or (ii) the termination of this Agreement. The Collateral Agent and its Affiliates shall be permitted to receive additional compensation that could be deemed to be in the Collateral Agents economic
self-interest for (1) serving as investment adviser, administrator, shareholder, servicing agent, custodian or sub-custodian with respect to certain of the Permitted Investments, (2) using Affiliates
to effect transactions in certain Permitted Investments, and (3) effecting transactions in certain investments. Such compensation shall not be considered an amount that is reimbursable or payable pursuant to this Agreement. 

Section 7.5 Collateral Agent Removal or Resignation. 

The Collateral Agent may (a) be removed, with or without cause, by the Lead Lender by 30 days notice given in writing to the
Collateral Agent (a Collateral Agent Termination Notice) and (b) may resign at any time by giving not less than 90 days (or such shorter period as the Lead Lender may agree in writing) written notice thereof to the Lead
Lender (a Collateral Agent Resignation Notice); provided that, notwithstanding its receipt of a Collateral Agent Termination Notice or delivery of a Collateral Agent Resignation Notice, no removal or resignation of the
Collateral Agent shall be effective and, the Collateral Agent shall continue to receive compensation of its fees and expenses in accordance with Section 7.4 above while so serving as the Collateral Agent, prior to a
successor collateral agent being appointed. In the case of any resignation or removal pursuant to this Section 7.5 of the Collateral Agent, the Lead Lender (in consultation with the Borrower) shall promptly appoint a
successor collateral agent by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by the Lead Lender and accepted in writing by the successor collateral agent, a copy of which shall be delivered to each of the removed or resigning Collateral Agent, the
successor collateral agent and the Borrower. If no successor shall have been appointed and an instrument of acceptance by a successor shall not have been delivered to the Collateral Agent within ninety (90) days after the delivery of such
Collateral Agent Termination Notice or Collateral Agent Resignation Notice, the Collateral Agent may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Collateral Agent. After any retiring Collateral Agents
resignation or removal as Collateral Agent, the provisions of this Agreement shall continue to inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Collateral Agent under this Agreement. 

Section 7.6 Limitation on Liability. 

(a) The Collateral Agent may conclusively rely on and shall be fully protected in acting upon any certificate, instrument, opinion, notice,
letter, electronic transmission, telegram or other document delivered to it and that in good faith it reasonably believes to be genuine and that has been signed by the proper party or parties. The Collateral Agent shall incur no liability by acting
in reliance upon any notice, consent, certificate, statement, electronic communication or other writing (which may be a bank wire, telex, electronic mail or similar writing) reasonably 

117 

believed by it to be genuine or to be signed or sent by the proper party or parties. The Collateral Agent may conclusively rely on the truth of the statements made and the correctness of opinions
rendered therein and need not investigate any fact or matter stated in any such document, including verifying or recalculating the correctness of any numbers or calculations. The Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on and shall be fully protected
in acting upon (i) the written instructions of any designated officer of the Lead Lender or the Collateral Manager or (ii) the verbal instructions of the Lead Lender or the Collateral Manager. 

(b) The Collateral Agent may consult counsel satisfactory to it and the advice or opinion of such counsel shall be full and complete
authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel. 

(c) Neither the Collateral Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be
taken by it or them as Collateral Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a
final and non-appealable judgment. The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or omitted by it, in good faith, or for any mistakes of fact or law, or
for anything that it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith except in the case of its willful misconduct or grossly negligent performance or omission of its duties. 

(d) The Collateral Agent makes no warranty or representation and shall have no responsibility (except as expressly set forth in this
Agreement) as to the content, enforceability, effectiveness, completeness, correctness, validity, sufficiency, value, genuineness, ownership or transferability of, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into or verify the Collateral, this Agreement
or any other Transaction Document, or the performance or observance of any of the covenants or agreements of the Borrower or the Collateral Manager and will not be required to and will not make any representations as to the validity or value (except
as expressly set forth in this Agreement) of any of the Collateral, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to take any action hereunder that might in its judgment involve any expense or
liability unless it has been furnished with an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it. 

(e) The Collateral Agent shall have no duties or
responsibilities except such duties and responsibilities as are specifically set forth in this Agreement and no covenants or obligations shall be implied in this Agreement against the Collateral Agent or any other Transaction Document.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in the Transaction Documents, the Collateral Agent shall not have any fiduciary relationship with any party hereto or any Secured Party in its capacity as such, and no implied covenants,
functions, obligations or responsibilities shall be read into this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or otherwise exist against the Collateral Agent. The grant of any permissive right or power hereunder (without an explicit duty to act) to
the Collateral Agent shall not be construed to impose a mandatory duty to act. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is hereby expressly agreed and stipulated by the other parties hereto that the Collateral Agent shall not be required
to exercise any discretion hereunder and shall have no investment or management responsibility. 

118 

(f) The Collateral Agent shall not be required to advance, expend or risk its own funds or
otherwise incur any financial or other liability or expense in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers contemplated hereunder, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment
of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk, expense or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 

(g) It is expressly agreed
and acknowledged that the Collateral Agent is not overseeing or guaranteeing performance of or assuming any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or to any other Transaction Document or any parties to the Collateral or related
documents. The Collateral Agent Agents shall be under no obligation to (i) confirm or verify whether the conditions to the delivery of Collateral have been satisfied or to determine whether (A) a loan is an Eligible Loan or meets the
criteria in the definition thereof or is otherwise eligible for purchase hereunder, (B) an investment is an Permitted Investment or meets the criteria in the definition thereof or is otherwise eligible for purchase hereunder, (ii) to
determine or verify the Borrowing Base or Borrowing Base Calculation Statement, or (iii) evaluate the sufficiency of the documents or instruments delivered to it by or on behalf of the Borrower in connection with the grant by the Borrower to
the Collateral Agent of any item constituting the Collateral or otherwise, or in that regard to examine any underlying documents, in order to determine compliance with the applicable requirements of and restrictions on transfer of a Eligible Loan or
Permitted Investment. 

(h) In case any reasonable question arises as to its duties hereunder, the Collateral Agent may, prior to the
occurrence of a Termination Event or the Termination Date, request instructions from the Collateral Manager and may, after the occurrence of a Termination Event or the Termination Date, request instructions from the Lead Lender or the Majority
Lenders, and shall be entitled at all times to refrain from taking any action unless it has received instructions from the Collateral Manager or the Lead Lender or the Majority Lenders, as applicable. The Collateral Agent shall in all events have no
liability, risk or cost for any action taken pursuant to and in compliance with the instruction of the Collateral Manager, the Borrower, the Majority Lenders or the Lead Lender. In the event the Collateral Agent shall receive conflicting instruction
from the Lead Lender and the Majority Lenders, the instruction of the Majority Lenders shall govern. In no event shall the Collateral Agent be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including
but not limited to lost profits or diminution of value), even if the Collateral Agent has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

(i) The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for the acts or omissions of the Document Custodian, the Securities Intermediary, the Loan Agent,
the Collateral Manager, the Borrower, the Lead Lender or any other Person under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and shall not be required to monitor the performance of any such Person. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the Collateral Agent shall have no duty to perform any of the duties of any such Person under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 

(j) It is expressly acknowledged by the parties hereto that application and performance by the Collateral Agent of its various duties
hereunder (including recalculations to be performed in respect of the matters contemplated hereby) shall be based upon, and in reliance upon, data, information and notice provided to it by the Collateral Manager, the Lead Lender, the

119 

Borrower and/or any related bank agent, obligor or similar party, and the Collateral Agent shall have no responsibility for the accuracy of any such information or data provided to it by such
persons and shall be entitled to update its records (as it may deem necessary or appropriate). Without limiting the generality of any terms of this section, the Collateral Agent shall have no liability for any failure, inability or unwillingness on
the part of the Collateral Manager, the Lead Lender, or the Borrower to provide accurate and complete information on a timely basis to the Collateral Agent or otherwise on the part of any such party to comply with the terms of this Agreement, and
shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in the performance or observance on the its part of any of its duties hereunder that is caused by or results from any such inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information received by it, or other
failure on the part of any such other party to comply with the terms hereof. 

(k) In no event shall the Collateral Agent be liable for any
failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder because of circumstances beyond its control, including but not limited to acts of God, flood, war (whether declared or undeclared), terrorism, fire, riot, embargo, disease or
government action (including any laws, ordinances, regulations, whether or not of the same class or kind as specified above), that delay, restrict or prohibit the providing of services by the Collateral Agent as contemplated by this Agreement. 

(l) The Collateral Agent may perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more agents or sub-agents appointed by it; provided that the Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the actions or omissions of any agent or sub-agent appointed with due care
hereunder, to the extent such agent or sub-agent is not an Affiliate of the Collateral Agent. 

(m)
[Reserved]. 

(n) The Collateral Agent shall have no responsibility and shall have no liability for (i) preparing, recording, filing, re-recording or re-filing any financing statement, continuation statement, document, instrument or other notice in any public office at any time or times, (ii) the
correctness of any such financing statement, continuation statement, document or instrument or other such notice, (iii) taking any action to perfect or maintain the perfection of any security interest granted to it hereunder or otherwise or
(iv) the validity or perfection of any such lien or security interest. 

(o) The Collateral Manager and the Lead Lender shall
reasonably cooperate with the Collateral Agent in connection with the performance of its duties hereunder and under any Transaction Document, including providing it with such information or documentation as it may reasonably request for purposes of
any calculation to be made by it. The powers conferred on the Collateral Agent under the Transaction Documents are solely to protect the Secured Parties interests in the Collateral, shall not impose any duty upon the Collateral Agent to
exercise any such powers, unless and to the extent expressly provided herein and in the other Transaction Documents, and are subject to the provisions of this Agreement. The Collateral Agent shall have no responsibility for taking any necessary
steps to protect, preserve or exercise rights against any Person with respect to any of the Collateral (except to the extent expressly required in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents), unless and to the extent expressly provided herein
and in the other Transaction Documents, and shall be relieved of all responsibility for the 

120 

Collateral upon surrendering it to the Borrower in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the other Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to the contrary, the Collateral Agent shall have no obligation to take any discretionary action under this Agreement or any Transaction Document and before taking or omitting any action to be taken or
omitted by the Collateral Agent under the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, the Collateral Agent may seek the written direction of the Lead Lender, and the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely (and shall be fully
protected in so relying) upon such direction. The Collateral Agent shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in accordance with such direction. In absence of such direction with respect to any action or
inaction, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such action unless and until such Agent shall have received such direction, and the Collateral Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. 

(p) The Collateral Agent shall not be bound to make any investigation into (i) the occurrence of any default, or the validity,
enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any Transaction Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (ii) the creation, perfection or priority of any lien purported to be created by this Agreement or any
other Transaction Document or (iii) other than as expressly set forth in Section 2.2(c), the satisfaction of any condition set forth in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 

(q) The Collateral Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility in respect of (i) the acquisition or maintenance of any insurance or
(ii) the payment or discharge of any tax, assessment, or other governmental charge or any lien or encumbrance of any kind owing with respect to, assessed or levied against, any part of the Collateral or any other assets of the Borrower or any
other Person. 

(r) The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for failing to comply with its obligations under this Agreement or any
Transaction Document in so far as the performance of such obligations is dependent upon the timely receipt of instructions and/or other information from any other person which are not received or not received by the time required. 

(s) Except as expressly required pursuant to Section 7.2(b) hereof, nothing herein shall be construed to impose an
obligation on the part of the Collateral Agent to recalculate, evaluate, verify or independently determine the accuracy of any report, certificate or other information received from the Borrower, the Collateral Manager, the Lead Lender or any other
Person. 

(t) In no event shall the Collateral Agent be liable for the selection of any investments or any losses in connection therewith,
or for any failure of the relevant party to timely provide investment instruction in connection with the investment of funds in or from any account set forth herein. 

(u) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary, the Collateral Agent shall be
under no obligation (i) to monitor, determine, or verify any Benchmark Rate, Reference Rate, Term SOFR or other applicable benchmark interest rate, or to monitor, determine, calculate or verify the unavailability or cessation of any Benchmark
Rate, Reference Rate, Term SOFR or other applicable benchmark 

121 

interest rate whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other Person of the occurrence of, any date on which such rate may be required to be transitioned or replaced in
accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, applicable law or otherwise, (ii) to select, determine or designate any replacement to such rate, or other successor or replacement benchmark index, or whether any conditions to the
designation of such a rate have been satisfied, (iii) to select, determine or designate any modifier to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) to determine whether or what any amendments to this Agreement or the other Transaction
Documents are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing. 

(v) In order to comply with the laws, rules,
regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering (collectively, Relevant Laws), the Collateral
Agent is required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with the Collateral Agent. Accordingly, each of the parties agrees to provide to the Collateral Agent upon
its request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as is reasonably available to such party (and not subject to any confidentiality restrictions) in order to enable the Collateral Agent to comply with Relevant Laws. 

(w) The rights, privileges, protections, indemnities, immunities and benefits afforded to the Collateral Agent under this Agreement are
extended to, and shall be enforceable by (i) it in each Transaction Document to which it is a party or otherwise subject, whether or not specifically set forth therein, and (ii) the entity serving as the Collateral Agent and its
Affiliates, including U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in their respective capacities as Securities Intermediary and Document Custodian hereunder and under any other Transaction Document and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act by
the Collateral Agent and its affiliates, including U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, hereunder and under any Transaction Document, whether or not specifically set forth herein or in any Transaction Document, as the case may be, together with such
other rights, privileges, protections, indemnities, immunities and benefits afforded to the applicable party hereunder or under any related document. 

Section 7.7 Payments by the Collateral Agent. 

Unless specifically allocated to a specific Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, all amounts received by the Collateral Agent on
behalf of the Lenders shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their related Lenders respective Pro Rata Shares in the applicable Advances Outstanding, or if there are no Advances Outstanding in accordance with their related
Lenders most recent Commitments. 

Section 7.8 Erroneous Payments. 

(i) Each Lender hereby agrees that (i) if the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent notifies such Lender that it has determined in its sole
discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Loan Agent or any of its Affiliates or the Collateral Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such
Lender (whether or not known to such Lender) (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment) and demands the return of such Erroneous
Payment (or a 

122 

portion thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or
portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such
Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent in same day funds at a rate determined by the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation
from time to time in effect and (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert any right or claim to the Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable for the return of any Erroneous Payments received, including, without limitation,
waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar theory or doctrine. A notice of the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent to any Lender under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(ii) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment from the Loan Agent
or the Collateral Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent, (y) that was not preceded or
accompanied by notice of payment, or (z) that such Lender otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), then in each case, if an error has been made each such Lender is deemed to have
knowledge of such error at the time of receipt of such Erroneous Payment, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert any right or claim to the Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, any claim, counterclaim, defense or
right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments received, including without limitation waiver
of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar theory or doctrine. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, it shall promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge (or deemed knowledge) of such
error) notify the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent, it shall promptly, but in all events no later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Loan Agent or the
Collateral Agent, as applicable, the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and
including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, in same day funds a rate determined by the Loan Agent or the
Collateral Agent, as applicable, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 

(iii)
The Borrower hereby agrees that in the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason (and without limiting the Loan Agents and the
Collateral Agents rights and remedies under this section), the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount. 

123 

(iv) In addition to any rights and remedies of Collateral provided by law, the Loan Agent
and the Collateral Agent shall have the right, without prior notice to any Lender, any such notice being expressly waived by such Lender to the extent permitted by applicable law, with respect to any Erroneous Payment for which a demand has been
made in accordance with this section and which has not been returned to the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent, as applicable, to set off and appropriate and apply against such amount any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand,
provisional or final but excluding trust accounts), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by
the Loan Agent or any of its Affiliate, branch or agency thereof or the Collateral Agent or any of its Affiliate, branch or agency thereof to or for the credit or the account of such Lender. Each of the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent agrees
promptly to notify the Lender after any such setoff and application made by it; provided, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 

(v) Each partys obligations under this section shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent,
the termination of this Agreement, the termination of the Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Transaction Document. 

ARTICLE VIII. 

THE
DOCUMENT CUSTODIAN 

Section 8.1 Designation of Document Custodian. 

The role of Document Custodian with respect to the Required Loan Documents shall be conducted by the Person designated as Document Custodian
hereunder from time to time in accordance with this Section 8.1. The Borrower and the Lenders hereby designate and appoint the Document Custodian to act as its agent and hereby authorizes the Document Custodian to take such
actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly granted to the Document Custodian by this Agreement. The Document Custodian hereby accepts such agency appointment to act as Document Custodian pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement, until its resignation or removal as Document Custodian pursuant to the terms hereof. 

Section 8.2 Duties of Document Custodian. 

(a) Appointment. The Borrower and the Lenders each hereby appoints USB to act as Document Custodian, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties. The Document Custodian hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the duties and obligations with respect thereto set forth herein. 

(b) Duties. From the Closing Date until its removal pursuant to Section 8.5, the Document Custodian shall
perform, on behalf of the Secured Parties, the following duties and obligations: 

124 

(i) The Document Custodian shall take and retain custody of the Required Loan Documents
delivered by the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, all for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 

(ii) In taking and retaining custody of the Required Loan Documents, the Document Custodian shall be deemed to be acting as the agent of the
Secured Parties; provided that the Document Custodian makes no representations as to the existence, perfection or priority of any Lien on the Required Loan Documents or the instruments therein; provided further that the Document
Custodians duties shall be limited to those expressly contemplated herein. 

(iii) All Required Loan Documents shall be kept in fire
resistant vaults, rooms or cabinets at the locations specified in Section 5.7(c) hereof, or at such other office as shall be specified to the Lead Lender and the Collateral Manager by the Document Custodian in a written
notice delivered at least 30 days prior to such change. All Required Loan Documents shall be placed together with an appropriate identifying label and maintained in such a manner so as to permit retrieval and access. The Document Custodian shall
segregate the Required Loan Documents on its inventory system and will not commingle the physical Required Loan Documents with any other files of the Document Custodian other than those, if any, relating to USB and its Affiliates and its
Subsidiaries; provided,however, the Document Custodian shall segregate any commingled files upon written request of the Lead Lender and the Borrower. 

(iv) On each Reporting Date, the Document Custodian shall provide a written report to the Lead Lender and the Collateral Manager (in a form
mutually agreeable to the Lead Lender and the Document Custodian) identifying each Loan for which it holds Required Loan Documents. 

(v)
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in the Transaction Documents, the Document Custodian shall not have any fiduciary relationship with any party hereto or any Secured Party in its capacity as such, and no implied covenants,
functions, obligations or responsibilities shall be read into this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or otherwise exist against the Document Custodian. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is hereby expressly agreed and
stipulated by the other parties hereto that the Document Custodian shall not be required to exercise any discretion hereunder and shall have no investment or management responsibility. 

(c) (i) The Document Custodian agrees to cooperate with the Lead Lender, the Collateral Manager, the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent
and deliver any Required Loan Documents to the Collateral Agent, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Manager or Lead Lender (pursuant to a written request in the form of Exhibit D), as applicable, as requested in order to allow the Collateral
Manager, the Collateral Agent, the Loan Agent or the Lead Lender to take any action that the Lead Lender deems necessary or desirable in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interests granted by the Borrower hereunder, or to
enable the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Agent, the Loan Agent or the Lead Lender to exercise or enforce any of their respective rights hereunder, including any rights arising with respect to Article X. In the event the Document
Custodian receives instructions from the Collateral Agent, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Manager or the Borrower which conflict with any instructions received by the Lead Lender, the Document Custodian shall rely on and follow the instructions
given by the Lead Lender. 

125 

(ii) The Lead Lender may direct the Document Custodian to take any such incidental action
hereunder. With respect to other actions which are incidental to the actions specifically delegated to the Document Custodian hereunder, the Document Custodian shall not be required to take any such incidental action hereunder, but shall be required
to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting) upon the direction of the Lead Lender; provided that the Document Custodian shall not be required to take any action hereunder at the request
of the Lead Lender, any Secured Party or otherwise if the taking of such action, in the reasonable determination of the Document Custodian, (x) shall be in violation of any Applicable Law or contrary to any provisions of this Agreement or
(y) shall expose the Document Custodian to liability hereunder or otherwise (unless it has received indemnity which it reasonably deems to be satisfactory with respect thereto). In the event the Document Custodian requests the consent of the
Lead Lender and the Document Custodian does not receive a consent (either positive or negative) from the Lead Lender within 10 Business Days of its receipt of such request, then the Lead Lender shall be deemed to have declined to consent to the
relevant action. 

(iii) The Document Custodian shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in accordance with the
request or direction of any Secured Party, to the extent that this Agreement provides such Secured Party the right to so direct the Document Custodian, or the Lead Lender. The Document Custodian shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any
matter hereunder, including a Termination Event, unless a Responsible Officer of the Document Custodian has actual knowledge of such matter or written notice thereof is received by the Document Custodian. 

(iv) If, in performing its duties under this Agreement, the Document Custodian is required to decide between alternative courses of action,
the Document Custodian may request written instructions (or, in its sole discretion, oral instructions followed by written confirmation thereof) from the Lead Lender as to the course of action desired by it. If the Document Custodian does not
receive such instructions within two (2) Business Days after it has requested them, the Document Custodian may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking any such courses of action. The Document Custodian shall act in
accordance with instructions received after such two (2) Business Day period except to the extent it has already, in good faith, taken or committed itself to take, action inconsistent with such instructions. The Document Custodian shall be
entitled to rely on the advice of legal counsel and independent accountants in performing its duties hereunder and shall be fully protected in acting in accordance with such advice. 

Section 8.3 Merger or Consolidation. 

Any Person (i) into which the Document Custodian may be merged or consolidated, (ii) that may result from any merger or
consolidation to which the Document Custodian shall be a party, or (iii) that may succeed to the properties and assets of the Document Custodian substantially as a whole, shall be the successor to the Document Custodian under this Agreement
without further act on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement provided such Person is organized under the laws of the United States of America or any one of the States thereof or the District of Columbia (or any domestic branch of a
foreign bank). 

126 

Section 8.4 Document Custodian Compensation. 

As compensation for its document custodian activities hereunder, the Document Custodian shall be entitled to a Collateral Agent and Portfolio
Administration Fee pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.7, Section 2.8(a) or Section 2.9, as applicable. The Document Custodians entitlement to receive fees
pursuant to this Agreement shall cease (excluding any unpaid outstanding amounts as of that date) on the earlier to occur of: (i) its removal or resignation as Document Custodian pursuant to Section 8.5 or
(ii) the termination of this Agreement. 

Section 8.5 Document Custodian Removal or
Resignation. 

The Document Custodian may (a) be removed, with or without cause, by the Lead Lender by 30 days notice
given in writing to the Document Custodian (a Document Custodian Termination Notice) and (b) may resign at any time by giving not less than 90 days (or such shorter period as the Lead Lender may agree in writing)
written notice thereof to the Lead Lender (a Document Custodian Resignation Notice); provided that, notwithstanding its receipt of a Document Custodian Termination Notice or delivery of a Document Custodian Resignation
Notice, no removal or resignation of the Document custodian shall be effective and, the Document Custodian shall continue to receive compensation of its fees and expenses in accordance with Section 8.4 above while so
serving as the Document Custodian, prior to a successor document custodian being appointed and has received all Required Loan Documents held by the previous Document Custodian. In the case of any resignation or removal pursuant to this
Section 8.5 of the Document Custodian, the Lead Lender (in consultation with the Borrower) shall promptly appoint a successor document custodian by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by the Lead Lender and accepted
in writing by the successor document custodian, a copy of which shall be delivered to each of the removed or resigning Document Custodian, the successor document custodian and the Borrower. If no successor shall have been appointed and an
instrument of acceptance by a successor shall not have been delivered to the Document Custodian within ninety (90) days after the delivery of such Document Custodian Termination Notice or Document Custodian Resignation Notice, the Document
Custodian may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Document Custodian. After any retiring Document Custodians resignation or removal as Document Custodian, the provisions of this Agreement shall
continue to inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Document Custodian under this Agreement. 

Section 8.6 Limitation on Liability. 

(a) The Document Custodian may conclusively rely on and shall be fully protected in acting upon any certificate, instrument, opinion, notice,
letter, electronic transmission, telegram or other document delivered to it and that in good faith it reasonably believes to be genuine and that has been signed by the proper party or parties. The Document Custodian may rely conclusively on and
shall be fully protected in acting upon (a) the written instructions of any designated officer of the Lead Lender or the Collateral Manager or (b) the verbal instructions of the Lead Lender or the Collateral Manager. 

127 

(b) The Document Custodian may consult counsel satisfactory to it and the advice or opinion
of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel. The Document Custodian may
perform any and all its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more agents or sub-agents appointed by it; provided that the Document Custodian shall not be responsible for the
actions or omissions of any agent or sub-agent appointed with due care hereunder, to the extent such agent or sub-agent is not an Affiliate of the Document Custodian.

(c) Neither the Document Custodian nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or
omitted to be taken by it or them as Document Custodian under or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment. The Document Custodian shall not be liable for any error of judgment, or for any act done or step taken or omitted by it, in good faith, or for any mistakes
of fact or law, or for anything that it may do or refrain from doing in connection herewith except in the case of its willful misconduct or grossly negligent performance or omission of its duties. 

(d) The Document Custodian makes no warranty or representation and shall have no responsibility (except as expressly set forth in this
Agreement) as to the content, enforceability, completeness, validity, sufficiency, value, genuineness, ownership or transferability of the Collateral, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, and will not be required to and will not make
any representations as to the validity or value (except as expressly set forth in this Agreement) of any of the Collateral, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Document Custodian shall not be obligated to take any action hereunder
that might in its judgment involve any expense or liability unless it has been furnished with an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to it. 

(e) The Document Custodian shall have no duties or responsibilities except such duties and responsibilities as are specifically set forth in
this Agreement and no covenants or obligations shall be implied in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document against the Document Custodian. 

(f) The Document Custodian shall not be required to advance, expend or risk its own funds, or otherwise incur any financial or other liability
or expense in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers contemplated hereunder, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such
risk, expense or liability is not reasonably assured to it. 

(g) It is expressly agreed and acknowledged that the Document Custodian is
not overseeing or guaranteeing performance of or assuming any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or to any other Transaction Document or any parties to the Collateral or related documents. 

(h) In case any reasonable question arises as to its duties hereunder, the Document Custodian may, prior to the occurrence of a Termination
Event or the Termination Date, request instructions from the Collateral Manager and may, after the occurrence of a Termination Event or the Termination Date, request instructions from the Lead Lender, and shall be entitled at

128 

all times to refrain from taking any action unless it has received instructions from the Collateral Manager or the Lead Lender, as applicable. The Document Custodian shall in all events have no
liability, risk or cost for any action taken pursuant to and in compliance with the instruction of the Collateral Manager or the Lead Lender. In no event shall the Document Custodian be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or
damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Document Custodian has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

(i) The Document Custodian shall not be liable for the acts or omissions of the Collateral Agent, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Manager, the
Borrower, the Lead Lender or any other Person under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and shall not be required to monitor the performance of any such Person. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Document Custodian
shall have no duty to perform any of the duties of any such Person under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 

(j) It is
expressly acknowledged by the parties hereto that application and performance by the Document Custodian of its various duties hereunder (including recalculations to be performed in respect of the matters contemplated hereby) shall be based upon, and
in reliance upon, data, information and notice provided to it by the Collateral Manager, the Lead Lender, the Borrower and/or any related bank agent, obligor or similar party, and the Document Custodian shall have no responsibility for the accuracy
of any such information or data provided to it by such persons and shall be entitled to update its records (as it may deem necessary or appropriate). 

(k) In no event shall the Document Custodian be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder because of
circumstances beyond its control, including but not limited to acts of God, flood, war (whether declared or undeclared), terrorism, fire, riot, embargo, disease, government action (including any laws, ordinances, regulations, whether or not of the
same class or kind as specified above), that delay, restrict or prohibit the providing of services by the Document Custodian as contemplated by this Agreement. 

(l) [Reserved]. 

(m) The
Document Custodian shall have no responsibility and shall have no liability for (i) preparing, recording, filing, re-recording or re-filing any financing statement,
continuation statement, document, instrument or other notice in any public office at any time or times, (ii) the correctness of any such financing statement, continuation statement, document or instrument or other such notice, (iii) taking
any action to perfect or maintain the perfection of any security interest granted to it hereunder or otherwise or (iv) the validity or perfection of any such lien or security interest. 

(n) The Collateral Manager and the Lead Lender shall reasonably cooperate with the Document Custodian in connection with the performance of
its duties hereunder and under any Transaction Document, including providing it with such information or documentation as it may reasonably request for purposes of any calculation to be made by it. 

129 

(o) The Document Custodian shall not be bound to make any investigation into (i) the
occurrence of any default, or the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any Transaction Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, (ii) the creation, perfection or priority of any lien purported
to be created by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or (iii) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in this Agreement or any Transaction Document. 

(p) The Document Custodian shall not have any duty or responsibility in respect of (i) the acquisition or maintenance of any insurance or
(ii) the payment or discharge of any tax, assessment, or other governmental charge or any lien or encumbrance of any kind owing with respect to, assessed or levied against, any part of the Collateral or any other assets of the Borrower or any
other Person. 

(q) The Document Custodian shall not be liable for failing to comply with its obligations under this Agreement or any
Transaction Document in so far as the performance of such obligations is dependent upon the timely receipt of instructions and/or other information from any other person which are not received or not received by the time required. 

(r) Nothing herein shall be construed to impose an obligation on the part of the Document Custodian to recalculate, evaluate, verify or
independently determine the accuracy of any report, certificate or other information received from the Borrower, the Collateral Manager, the Lead Lender or any other Person. 

(s) In no event shall the Document Custodian be liable for the selection of any investments or any losses in connection therewith, or for any
failure of the relevant party to timely provide investment instruction in connection with the investment of funds in or from any account set forth herein. 

(t) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary, the Document Custodian shall be
under no obligation (i) to monitor, determine, or verify any Benchmark Rate, Reference Rate, Term SOFR or other applicable benchmark interest rate, or to monitor, determine, calculate or verify the unavailability or cessation of any Benchmark
Rate, Reference Rate, Term SOFR or other applicable benchmark interest rate whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other Person of the occurrence of, any date on which such rate may be required to be transitioned or replaced in
accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, applicable law or otherwise, (ii) to select, determine or designate any replacement to such rate, or other successor or replacement benchmark index, or whether any conditions to the
designation of such a rate have been satisfied, (iii) to select, determine or designate any modifier to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) to determine whether or what any amendments to this Agreement or the other Transaction
Documents are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing. 

(u) The rights, privileges, protections,
indemnities, immunities and benefits afforded to the Document Custodian under this Agreement are extended to, and shall be enforceable by (i) it in each Transaction Document to which it is a party or otherwise subject, whether or not
specifically set forth therein, and (ii) the entity serving as the Document Custodian and its Affiliates in their respective capacities as Loan Agent, Securities Intermediary and Collateral Agent hereunder and under any other Transaction
Document and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act by the Document Custodian hereunder and under any Transaction Document, whether or not specifically set forth herein or in any Transaction Document, as the case may be, together
with such other rights, privileges, protections, indemnities, immunities and benefits afforded to the applicable party hereunder or under any related document. 

130 

Section 8.7 Release of Documents. 

(a) Release for Servicing. From time to time and as appropriate for the enforcement or servicing of any of the Collateral, the Document
Custodian is hereby authorized (unless and until such authorization is revoked by the Lead Lender), upon written receipt from the Collateral Manager of a request for release of documents and receipt in the form annexed hereto as
Exhibit D, to release to the Collateral Manager within two (2) Business Days of receipt of such request, the related Required Loan Documents or the documents set forth in such request and receipt to the Collateral
Manager. All documents so released to the Collateral Manager shall be held by the Collateral Manager in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Collateral
Manager shall return to the Document Custodian the Required Loan Documents or other such documents (i) promptly upon the request of the Lead Lender, or (ii) when the Collateral Managers need therefor in connection with such
foreclosure or servicing no longer exists, unless the Loan shall be liquidated, in which case, the Collateral Manager shall deliver an additional request for release of documents to the Document Custodian and receipt certifying such liquidation from
the Collateral Manager to the Document Custodian, all in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit D. 

(b) Limitation on Release.
The foregoing provision with respect to the release to the Collateral Manager of the Required Loan Documents and documents by the Document Custodian upon request by the Collateral Manager shall be operative only to the extent that the Lead Lender
has consented to such release. Promptly after delivery to the Document Custodian of any request for release of documents, the Collateral Manager shall provide notice of the same to the Lead Lender. Any additional Required Loan Documents or documents
requested to be released by the Collateral Manager may be released only upon written authorization of the Lead Lender (with a copy to the Document Custodian). The limitations of this paragraph shall not apply to the release of Required Loan
Documents to the Collateral Manager pursuant to the immediately succeeding subsection. 

(c) Release for Payment. Upon receipt by
the Document Custodian of the Collateral Managers request for release of documents and receipt in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit D (which certification shall include a statement to the effect that all amounts received in connection
with such payment or repurchase have been credited to the Collection Account as provided in this Agreement), the Document Custodian shall promptly release the related Required Loan Documents to the Collateral Manager. 

Section 8.8 Return of Required Loan Documents. 

The Borrower may, with the prior written consent of the Lead Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), require that the Document
Custodian return each Required Loan Document (a) delivered to the Document Custodian in error, (b) that has been the subject of a sale pursuant to Section 2.19(a) or (c) that is required to be redelivered to
the Borrower in connection with the termination of this Agreement, in each case by submitting to the Document Custodian 

131 

and the Lead Lender a written request in the form of Exhibit D hereto (signed by both the Borrower and the Lead Lender) specifying the Required Loan Documents to be so returned and
reciting that the conditions to such release have been met (and specifying the Section or Sections of this Agreement being relied upon for such release). The Document Custodian shall upon its receipt of each such request for return executed by the
Borrower and the Lead Lender promptly, but in any event within five (5) Business Days, return the Required Loan Documents so requested to the Borrower. 

Section 8.9 Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding the Collateral; Audits. 

The Document Custodian shall provide to the Lead Lender and the Collateral Agent access to the Required Loan Documents and all other
documentation regarding the Collateral including in such cases where the Lead Lender and/or the Collateral Agent is required in connection with the enforcement of the rights or interests of the Secured Parties, or by applicable statutes or
regulations, to review such documentation, such access being afforded without charge but only (i) upon two (2) Business Days prior written request, (ii) during normal business hours and (iii) subject to the Collateral
Managers and Document Custodians normal security and confidentiality procedures. Prior to the Closing Date and periodically thereafter at the discretion of the Lead Lender, the Lead Lender and each Lender may review the Collateral
Managers collection and administration of the Collateral in order to assess compliance by the Collateral Manager with the Collateral Management Standard, as well as with this Agreement and may conduct an audit of the Collateral, and Required
Loan Documents in conjunction with such a review (which audit (x) shall be coordinated by the Lead Lender and (y) may take the form of a bank meeting). Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this
Section 8.9, from time to time on request of the Lead Lender, the Document Custodian shall permit certified public accountants or other independent auditors acceptable to the Lead Lender to conduct, at the Borrowers
expense, a review of the Required Loan Documents and all other documentation regarding the Collateral. 

Section 8.10
Agency. 

The Document Custodian agrees that, with respect to any Required Loan Documents (or copies thereof) at any time
or times in its possession or held in its name, the Document Custodian shall be the agent of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, for purposes of perfecting (to the extent not otherwise perfected) the Collateral Agents
security interest in the Collateral and for the purpose of ensuring that such security interest is entitled to first priority status under the UCC (subject to Permitted Liens). 

132 

ARTICLE IX. 

SECURITY INTEREST 

Section 9.1 Grant of Security Interest. 

(a) The parties to this Agreement intend that this Agreement constitute a security agreement and the transactions effected hereby constitute
secured loans by the applicable Lenders to the Borrower under Applicable Law. For such purpose, the Borrower hereby Grants as of the Closing Date to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a lien and continuing security
interest in all of the Borrowers right, title and interest in, to and under (but none of the obligations under) all Collateral, whether now existing or hereafter arising or acquired by the Borrower, and wherever the same may be located, to
secure the prompt, complete and indefeasible payment and performance in full when due, whether by lapse of time, acceleration or otherwise, of the applicable Aggregate Unpaids arising in connection with this Agreement and each other Transaction
Document, whether now or hereafter existing, due or to become due, direct or indirect, or absolute or contingent, including, without limitation, all Aggregate Unpaids. The Grant of a security interest under this Section 9.1
does not constitute and is not intended to result in a creation or an assumption by any of the Secured Parties of any obligation of the Borrower or any other Person in connection with any or all of the Collateral or under any agreement or instrument
relating thereto. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) the Borrower shall remain liable under the Collateral to the extent set forth therein to perform all of its duties and obligations thereunder to the same extent as if this
Agreement had not been executed, (ii) the exercise by the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, of any of its rights in the Collateral shall not release the Borrower from any of its duties or obligations under the Collateral, and
(iii) none of Secured Parties shall have any obligations or liability under the Collateral by reason of this Agreement, nor shall any Secured Party be obligated to perform any of the obligations or duties of the Borrower thereunder or to take
any action to collect or enforce any claim for payment assigned hereunder. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, each party to
this Agreement hereby agrees to treat each Advance as indebtedness for purposes of United States federal and state income tax or state franchise tax to the extent permitted by Applicable Law and shall file its tax returns or reports in a manner
consistent with such treatment. 

Section 9.2 Release of Lien on Collateral. 

At the same time as (i) any Collateral expires by its terms and all amounts in respect thereof have been paid in full by the related
Obligor and deposited in the Collection Account, (ii) such Loan is transferred or replaced in any manner permitted under this Agreement, including in accordance with Section 2.18, pursuant to a Discretionary Sale
pursuant to Section 2.19 or pursuant to a Term CLO or (iii) this Agreement terminates in accordance with Section 13.5, the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties will, to the
extent requested by the Collateral Manager (which request shall be deemed to be a certification (upon which the Collateral Agent, Document Custodian and the Loan Agent may conclusively rely and shall not be liable for acting upon) that all
conditions precedent to such release have been satisfied and such release is authorized and permitted by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents), release its interest in such Collateral. In connection with such release, the Collateral
Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, will after the deposit by the Collateral Manager of any amounts required to be deposited into the Collection Account, at the sole expense of the Collateral Manager (subject to reimbursement as provided in
Sections 2.7, 2.8(a) and 2.9), execute and deliver to the Collateral Manager any assignments, bills of sale, termination statements and any other releases and instruments prepared by the Collateral Manager (and in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent) as the Collateral Manager may reasonably request in order to effect the release and transfer of such Collateral; provided that, the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties,
will make no representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to any such Collateral in connection with such sale or transfer and assignment. 

133 

Section 9.3 Remedies. 

Subject to the provisions of Section 10.2, upon the occurrence and continuance of a Termination Event, the
Collateral Agent and Secured Parties shall have, with respect to the Collateral granted pursuant to Section 9.1, and in addition to all other rights and remedies available to the Collateral Agent and Secured Parties under
this Agreement or other Applicable Law, all rights and remedies of a secured party upon default under the UCC. 

Section 9.4 Power of Attorney. 

The Borrower and the Collateral Manager each hereby irrevocably appoints each of the Collateral Agent and the Loan Agent (each, without
obligation) as its true and lawful attorney (with full power of substitution) in its name, place and stead and at its expense (subject to reimbursement of the Collateral Manager as provided in Sections 2.7, 2.8(a) and 2.9), in
connection with the enforcement of the rights and remedies provided for (and subject to the terms and conditions set forth) in this Agreement solely following the occurrence and continuance of a Termination Event, including without limitation the
following powers: (a) to give any necessary receipts or acquittance for amounts collected or received hereunder, (b) to make all necessary transfers of the Collateral in connection with any such sale or other disposition made pursuant
hereto, (c) to execute and deliver for value all necessary or appropriate bills of sale, assignments and other instruments in connection with any such sale or other disposition, the Borrower and the Collateral Manager hereby ratifying and
confirming all that such attorney (or any substitute) shall lawfully do hereunder and pursuant hereto, and (d) to sign any agreements, orders or other documents in connection with or pursuant to any Transaction Document. Nevertheless, if so
requested by the Collateral Agent, the Loan Agent or a Lender, the Borrower shall ratify and confirm any such sale or other disposition by executing and delivering to the Collateral Agent, the Loan Agent or such Lender all proper bills of sale,
assignments, releases and other instruments as may be designated in any such request. 

ARTICLE X. 

TERMINATION EVENTS 

Section 10.1 Termination Events. 

The following events shall be Termination Events (Termination Events) hereunder: 

(a) [reserved]; or 

(b) any
failure on the part of the Borrower duly to observe or perform in any material respect any other covenants or agreements of the Borrower set forth in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which the Borrower is a party (other than any
such covenant or agreement that is qualified by material, materially, Material Adverse Effect, or a similar term or phrase, in which case, any failure by such party to observe or perform such covenant or agreement
(as so qualified)) and the same continues unremedied for a period of thirty (30) days (if 

134 

such failure can be remedied) after the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which written notice of such failure requiring the same to be remedied shall have been given to the Borrower by
any Lender and (ii) the date on which the Borrower acquires knowledge thereof; provided that the delivery of a certificate or other report which corrects any inaccuracy contained in a previous report or certification shall be deemed to
cure such inaccuracy as of the date of delivery of such updated report or certificate and any and all inaccuracies arising from continuation of such initial inaccurate report or certificate shall cure any breach or failure arising therefrom as of
the date of such failure; provided that any such inaccuracy that resulted in a Material Adverse Effect shall not be deemed capable of being remedied; or 

(c) any representation or warranty made by the Borrower to the Lenders in connection herewith proves to have been incorrect in any material
respect (other than any such representation or warranty that is qualified by material, materially, Material Adverse Effect, or a similar term or phrase, in which case, such representation or warranty proves to be
incorrect (as so qualified)) and the Borrower or Parent, as applicable, fails to adequately remedy such deficiency (if such deficiency can be remedied) for a period of thirty (30) days after the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which
written notice of such failure requiring the same to be remedied shall have been given to the Borrower by any Lender and (ii) the date on which the Borrower acquires knowledge thereof; or 

(d) the occurrence of an Insolvency Event relating to the Borrower; or 

(e) the assets of the Borrower are deemed to constitute plan assets of any Benefit Plan Investor (as determined under the Plan
Asset Regulations) or, to the extent it would result in a Material Adverse Effect, any Governmental Plan or other plan subject to Similar Law; or 

(f) delivery of a Collateral Manager Termination Notice following the occurrence and continuation of a Collateral Manager Default;
provided that if a Successor Collateral Manager is appointed within 30 days of delivery of such notice, no Termination Event shall be deemed to have occurred under this clause (f); or 

(g) the rendering of one or more final judgments, decrees or orders by a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction for the payment of
money in excess individually or in the aggregate of $1,000,000 (in each case, net of amounts covered by insurance) against the Borrower, and the Borrower shall not have either (i) discharged or provided for the discharge of any such judgment,
decree or order in accordance with its terms or (ii) perfected a timely appeal of such judgment, decree or order and caused the execution of such judgment, decree or order to be stayed during the pendency of the appeal, in each case, within
thirty days of such final judgment, decree or order; or 

(h) the Borrower shall fail to adhere to the criteria set forth in
Section 4.1(v), such that no reputable counsel of national standing could render a substantive nonconsolidation opinion with respect thereto; or 

(i) (1) any Transaction Document, or any Lien or security interest granted thereunder, shall (except in accordance with its terms), in
whole or in part, terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the Borrower or the Collateral Manager, 

135 

(2) the Borrower, the Collateral Manager or any other party shall, directly
or indirectly, contest in any manner the effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability of any Transaction Document or any lien or security interest thereunder, or 

(3) any security interest securing any obligation under any Transaction Document shall, in whole or in part, cease to be a
first priority perfected security interest (subject to Permitted Liens) except as otherwise expressly permitted to be released in accordance with the applicable Transaction Document; 

and, in each case under this clause (i), such failure shall continue for a period of five Business Days after the earlier to
occur of (i) the date on which written notice of such failure requiring the same to be remedied shall have been given to the Borrower or Parent, as applicable, by any Lender and (ii) the date on which the Borrower or Parent, as applicable,
acquires knowledge thereof; or 

(j) the EOD OC Ratio Test determined as of any Determination Date is not satisfied and such failure
continues unremedied for five (5) Business Days from the earlier of (x) the date of the Borrowers actual knowledge of the occurrence of such failure and (y) the date of notice given by the Lead Lender to the Borrower;
provided that if the Borrower provides evidence to the Lead Lender and the Loan Agent of a capital call by the Parent that would enable such failure to be cured within ten (10) Business Days from the earlier of the dates set forth in
clauses (x) and (y), and such failure is cured within such ten (10) Business Day period, such failure shall not constitute a Termination Event; provided further that during the period of time that such event remains unremedied,
(i) no additional Advance will be made under this Agreement and (ii) any payments required to be made by the Collateral Manager on a Payment Date shall be made under Section 2.9; or 

(k) failure on the part of the Borrower to make any payment (other than with respect to the payment of Interest on any Payment Date) or
deposit (including, without limitation, with respect to remittance of Interest Collections and Principal Collections or any other payment or deposit required to be made by the terms of the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, to any
Secured Party or Indemnified Party) required by the terms of any Transaction Document within three (3) Business Days of the day such payment or deposit is required to be made; or 

(l) the Borrower shall become required to register as an investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act or the arrangements
contemplated by the Transaction Documents shall require registration as an investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act; or 

(m) the Internal Revenue Service shall file notice of a lien pursuant to Section 6323 of the Code with regard to any assets of the
Borrower and such lien shall not have been released within ten (10) Business Days, or the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation shall file notice of a lien pursuant to Section 4068 of ERISA, Section 302 of ERISA or Section 430 of
the Code with regard to any of the assets of the Borrower and such lien shall not have been released within ten (10) Business Days; or 

136 

(n) failure of the Borrower to pay, on the Termination Date, the outstanding principal of
all outstanding Advances, if any, and all Interest and all fees accrued and unpaid thereon together with all other Aggregate Unpaids, including, but not limited to, any Prepayment Penalty; or 

(o) failure of the Borrower to pay Interest within five (5) Business Days of any Payment Date or within five (5) Business Days of
when otherwise due; provided that (i) in the case of a failure to pay due to an administrative error or omission by the Collateral Agent, such failure continues for seven or more Business Days after the Collateral Agent receives written
notice or has actual knowledge of such administrative error or omission and has provided notice of such failure to the Borrower or 

(p) it
becomes unlawful for the Borrower to perform its obligations as Borrower hereunder; or 

(q) the Borrower makes any assignment or attempted
assignment of its respective rights or obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document without first obtaining the specific written consent of the Lead Lender, which consent may be withheld by the Lead Lender in the exercise of
its sole and absolute discretion; or 

(r) the occurrence of a Risk Retention Event as a result of
non-compliance with clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (h) or (i) of Article XIV, or 

(s) a
Change of Control occurs with respect to the Borrower. 

Section 10.2 Remedies. 

(a) Upon the occurrence and continuance of a Termination Event, the Collateral Agent, upon the written direction of all of the Lenders, shall
by notice to the Borrower, declare the Termination Date to have occurred; provided that, in the case of any event described in Section 10.1(d) or 10.1(e) (in the case of
Section 10.1(e) due to the occurrence of an event described in Section 6.11(f)) above, the Termination Date shall be deemed to have occurred automatically upon the occurrence of such event. Upon
any such declaration or automatic occurrence, (i) the Borrower shall cease purchasing Loans from any third party seller other than pursuant to binding commitments entered into prior to such time (provided that (x) the Lenders shall
have no obligation to advance any amounts hereunder in connection with the acquisition of such Loan and the Borrower shall not apply any Principal Collections on deposit in the Collection Account to the acquisition of such Loan and (y) the
Borrower shall not acquire such Loan if such action would worsen an existing Termination Event or cause the occurrence of a Termination Event), (ii) the Lead Lender acting at the direction of a Supermajority of the Lenders or all of the Lenders may
declare the Advances to be immediately due and payable in full (without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower) and any other Aggregate Unpaids to be immediately due and payable, and
(iii) all proceeds and distributions in respect of the Related Security shall be distributed by the Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Lead Lender) as described in Section 2.9 (provided that the Borrower
shall in any event remain 

137 

liable to pay such Advances and all such amounts and Aggregate Unpaids immediately in accordance with Section 2.9). In addition, upon any such declaration or upon any
such automatic occurrence, the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties and at the direction of the Lead Lender, shall have, in addition to all other rights and remedies under this Agreement or otherwise, all other rights and remedies
provided under the UCC of the applicable jurisdiction and other Applicable Law, which rights shall be cumulative. Without limiting any obligation of the Collateral Manager hereunder, the Borrower confirms and agrees that the Collateral Agent, on
behalf of the Secured Parties and at the direction of the Lead Lender, (or any designee thereof, including, without limitation, the Collateral Manager), following a Termination Event, shall, at its option, have the sole right to enforce the
Borrowers rights and remedies under each Assigned Document, but without any obligation on the part of the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders or any of their respective Affiliates to perform any of the obligations of the Borrower
under any such Assigned Document. 

(b) Upon the declaration or occurrence of the Termination Date, the Reinvestment Period shall end and
the Default Period shall commence. If, (i) upon the Collateral Agents (acting as directed by the Lead Lender) or the Lenders declaration that the Advances made to the Borrower hereunder are immediately due and payable pursuant to
this Section 10.2 upon such declaration, or (ii) on the Termination Date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances, all accrued and unpaid fees and Interest and any other Aggregate Unpaids are not
immediately paid in full, then the Collateral Agent (acting as directed by the Lead Lender), in addition to all other rights specified hereunder, shall have the right, in its own name and as agent for the Lenders, to immediately sell (at the
Collateral Managers expense but subject to reimbursement as provided in Sections 2.7, 2.8(a) and 2.9) in a commercially reasonable manner, in a recognized market (if one exists) at such price or prices as the Lead Lender
may reasonably deem satisfactory, any or all of the Collateral and apply the proceeds thereof to the Aggregate Unpaids; provided that the Borrower, or its Affiliates, may exercise its right of first refusal to repurchase the Collateral, in
whole but not in part, prior to such sale at a purchase price that is not less than the amount of the Aggregate Unpaids, which right of first refusal shall terminate not later than 5:00 p.m. on the tenth Business Day following the Termination Date.

(c) The parties recognize that it may not be possible to sell all of the Collateral on a particular Business Day, or in a transaction
with the same purchaser, or in the same manner because the market for the assets constituting the Collateral may not be liquid. Accordingly, the Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Lead Lender) may elect, in its sole discretion, the time and
manner of liquidating any of the Collateral under this Section 10.2, and nothing contained herein shall obligate the Collateral Agent (acting as directed by the Lead Lender) to liquidate any of the Collateral on the date
the Collateral Agent or all of the Lenders declare the Advances made to the Borrower hereunder to be immediately due and payable pursuant to this Section 10.2 or to liquidate all of the Collateral in the same manner or on
the same Business Day. 

(d) If the Collateral Agent (acting as directed by the Lead Lender) proposes to sell the Collateral or any part
thereof in one or more parcels at a public or private sale following declaration of the Termination Date, at the request of the Collateral Agent (acting as directed by the Lead Lender), the Borrower and the Collateral Manager shall make available to
(i) the Loan Agent, the Lead Lender, on a timely basis, all information (including any information that the Borrower and the Collateral Manager are required by law or contract to be kept confidential,

138 

subject to compliance with the applicable law or contractual provision) relating to the Collateral subject to sale, including, without limitation, copies of any disclosure documents, contracts,
financial statements of the applicable Obligors, covenant certificates and any other materials requested by the Collateral Agent, and (ii) each prospective bidder, on a timely basis, all reasonable information relating to the Collateral subject
to sale, including, without limitation, copies of any disclosure documents, contracts, financial statements of the applicable Obligors, covenant compliance certificates and any other materials reasonably requested by each such bidder. 

(e) Any amounts received from any sale or liquidation of the Collateral pursuant to this Section 10.2 in excess of
the Aggregate Unpaids will be applied by the Collateral Agent (as directed by the Lead Lender) in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.9, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct. 

(f) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, no remedy provided for by this Agreement shall be exclusive of any other remedy,
each and every remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to any other remedy, and no delay or omission to exercise any right or remedy shall impair any such right or remedy or shall be deemed to be a waiver of any Termination Event. 

(g) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.2, the Collateral Agent agrees not to deliver and
the Loan Agent agrees not to direct the Collateral Agent to deliver a notice of exclusive control under any securities account or deposit account control agreement unless a Termination Event has occurred and is continuing. 

(h) Concurrently with the exercise of any of the remedies set forth in this Section 10.2, the Collateral Agent shall
provide written notice specifying the remedy that is being exercised to the Loan Agent and the Lead Lender. 

ARTICLE XI. 

INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 11.1 Indemnities by the Borrower. 

(a) Without limiting any other rights that any such Person may have hereunder or under Applicable Law, the Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify
and hold the Secured Parties and each of their respective Affiliates, assigns and officers, directors, employees and agents thereof (collectively, the Indemnified Parties) harmless, forthwith on demand, from and against any and
all damages, losses, claims, liabilities and related costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as the Indemnified Amounts) awarded against
or incurred by such Indemnified Party and other non-monetary damages of any such Indemnified Party or any of them arising out of or as a result of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, excluding,
however, any Indemnified Amounts to the extent resulting solely from (x) gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of such Indemnified Party, in each case, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment, (y) in respect of Taxes (other than any Taxes that represent damages, losses, claims, liabilities and related costs and expenses arising from any
non-Tax claim 

139 

and other than those described in clause (xiii) of this Section 11.1(a)) or (z) diminution in value of Assets. Without limiting the foregoing, the
Borrower shall indemnify each Indemnified Party for Indemnified Amounts (except to the extent resulting from the conditions set forth in clauses (x), (y) or (z) above) relating to or resulting from: 

(i) any Loan treated as or represented by the Borrower to be an Eligible Loan which is not at the applicable time an Eligible Loan, or the
purchase by any party of any Loan which violates Applicable Law; 

(ii) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the
Borrower, the Collateral Manager or any of their respective officers under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, which shall have been false or incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made or
delivered; 

(iii) the failure by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager to comply with any term, provision or covenant contained in this
Agreement or any agreement executed in connection with this Agreement, or with any Applicable Law, with respect to any Collateral or the nonconformity of any Collateral with any such Applicable Law; 

(iv) the failure to vest and maintain vested in the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a first priority perfected
security interest in the Collateral, together with all Collections, free and clear of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) whether existing at the time of any Advance at any time thereafter; 

(v) the failure to maintain, as of the close of business on each Business Day prior to the earlier to occur of the Reinvestment Period End
Date or the Termination Date, an amount of Advances Outstanding that is less than or equal to the Borrowing Base on such Business Day; 

(vi) the failure to file, or any delay in filing, financing statements, continuation statements or other similar instruments or documents
under the UCC of any applicable jurisdiction or other Applicable Law with respect to any Collateral, whether at the time of any Advance or at any subsequent time; 

(vii) any dispute, claim, offset or defense (other than the discharge in bankruptcy of an Obligor) of an Obligor to the payment with respect
to any Collateral (including, without limitation, a defense based on any Loan (or the Underlying Instruments evidencing such Loan) not being a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms),
or any other claim resulting from the sale of the merchandise or services related to such Collateral or the furnishing or failure to furnish such merchandise or services; 

(viii) any failure of the Borrower or the Collateral Manager to perform its duties or obligations in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party or any failure by the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof to perform its respective duties under any Collateral; 

140 

(ix) any inability to obtain any judgment in, or utilize the court or other adjudication
system of, any state in which an Obligor may be located as a result of the failure of the Borrower to qualify to do business or file any notice or business activity report or any similar report; 

(x) any action taken by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager in the enforcement or collection of any Collateral; 

(xi) any products liability claim or personal injury or property damage suit or other similar or related claim or action of whatever sort
arising out of or in connection with the Related Property or services that are the subject of any Collateral; 

(xii) any claim, suit or
action of any kind arising out of or in connection with Environmental Laws including any vicarious liability; 

(xiii) the failure by the
Borrower to pay when due any Taxes for which the Borrower is liable, including without limitation, sales, excise or personal property taxes payable in connection with the Collateral; 

(xiv) any repayment by a Secured Party of any amount previously distributed in reduction of Advances Outstanding or payment of Interest or
any other amount due hereunder, in each case which amount a Secured Party believes in good faith is required to be repaid; 

(xv) except
with respect to funds held in the Collection Account, the commingling of Collections on the Collateral at any time with other funds; 

(xvi) any investigation, litigation or proceeding related to this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or the use of proceeds of
Advances or the security interest in the Collateral or the administration of the Loans by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager; 

(xvii)
any failure by the Borrower to give reasonably equivalent value, at the direction of the Collateral Manager, to the applicable third party transferor in consideration for the transfer by such transferor to the Borrower of any item of Collateral, or
any attempt by any Person to void or otherwise avoid any such transfer under any statutory provision or common law or equitable action, including, without limitation, any provision of the Bankruptcy Code; 

(xviii) the use of the proceeds of any Advance in a manner other than as provided in this Agreement and the Transaction Documents; or 

(xix) the failure of the Borrower or any of its respective agents or representatives to remit to the Collection Account within two
(2) Business Days of receipt Collections on the Collateral remitted to the Borrower or any such agent or representative, as provided in this Agreement. 

(b) Any amounts subject to the indemnification provisions of this Section 11.1 shall be paid by the Borrower to the
applicable Indemnified Party on the next Payment Date and each succeeding Payment Date until paid in full following receipt by the Borrower of written demand therefor by the applicable Indemnified Party. Any Indemnified Party making a request for
indemnification under this Section 11.1, shall submit to the Borrower on or prior to the Reporting 

141 

Date for the applicable Payment Date a certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and the computations of the Indemnified Amounts with respect to which such indemnification is
requested, which certificate shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. Any amounts set forth in a certificate received after the second Business Day prior to the Reporting Date for any Payment Date shall be paid on the following Payment Date.

(c) If for any reason the indemnification provided above in this Section 11.1 is unavailable to the Indemnified
Party or is insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless, then the Borrower shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as is appropriate to
reflect not only the relative benefits received by such Indemnified Party on the one hand and the Borrower on the other hand but also the relative fault of such Indemnified Party as well as any other relevant equitable considerations;
provided that the Borrower shall not be required to contribute in respect of any Indemnified Amounts excluded in Section 11.1(a). 

(d) If the Borrower has made any indemnity payments to the Lead Lender, on behalf of an Indemnified Party, pursuant to this
Section 11.1 and such payment fully indemnified such Indemnified Party and such Indemnified Party thereafter collects any payments from others in respect of such Indemnified Amounts, then such Indemnified Party will repay
to the Borrower an amount equal to the amount it has collected from others in respect of such Indemnified Amounts. 

(e) [Reserved] 

(f) The obligations of the Borrower under this Section 11.1 shall survive the resignation or removal of the Loan
Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Agent or the Document Custodian, the termination of this Agreement, the termination of the Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Transaction
Document. 

Section 11.2 Indemnities by the Collateral Manager. 

(a) Without limiting any other rights which any such Person may have hereunder or under Applicable Law, the Collateral Manager agrees to
indemnify the Indemnified Parties forthwith on demand, from and against any and all Indemnified Amounts incurred by such Indemnified Party by reason of (i) any material breach of the representations and warranties of the Collateral Manager
under or in connection with any Transaction Documents or (ii) any acts or omissions of the Collateral Manager constituting willful misconduct, fraud or gross negligence by the Collateral Manager in the performance of the obligations of the
Collateral Manager hereunder and the terms of this Agreement applicable to the Collateral Manager as determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction,, excluding, however,
Indemnified Amounts payable to an Indemnified Party (a) to the extent determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from gross negligence or
willful misconduct on the part of any Indemnified Party and (b) resulting from the performance of the Collateral. Without limiting the Collateral Managers obligation to indemnify the Indemnified Parties pursuant to this
Section 11.2(a), in no event shall the Collateral Manager be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits) under this Agreement or any Transaction
Document, even if the Collateral Manager has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 

142 

(b) The Indemnified Party making a request for indemnification under this
Section 11.2, shall submit to the Collateral Manager a certificate setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and the computations of the Indemnified Amounts with respect to which such indemnification is requested,
which certificate shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. 

(c) If for any reason the indemnification provided above in this
Section 11.2 is unavailable to the Indemnified Party or is insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless, then the Collateral Manager shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a result
of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits received by such Indemnified Party on the one hand and the Collateral Manager on the other hand but also the relative fault of
such Indemnified Party as well as any other relevant equitable considerations; provided that the Collateral Manager shall not be required to contribute in respect of any Indemnified Amounts excluded in
Section 11.2(a). 

(d) If the Collateral Manager has made any indemnity payments to an Indemnified Party,
pursuant to this Section 11.2 and such payment fully indemnified such Indemnified Party and such Indemnified Party thereafter collects any payments from others in respect of such Indemnified Amounts, then such Indemnified
Party will repay to the Collateral Manager an amount equal to the amount it has collected from others in respect of such Indemnified Amounts. 

(e) The Collateral Manager shall have no liability for making indemnification hereunder to the extent any such indemnification constitutes
recourse for uncollectible or uncollected Loans. 

(f) The obligations of the Collateral Manager under this
Section 11.2 shall survive the resignation or removal of the Loan Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent or the Document Custodian, the termination of this Agreement, the termination of the Commitments, and the repayment,
satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Transaction Document. 

(g) Any indemnification pursuant to this
Section 11.2 shall not be payable from the Collateral. 

(h) The provisions of this indemnity shall run directly
to and be enforceable by an injured party subject to the limitations hereof. 

Each applicable Indemnified Party shall deliver to the
Indemnifying Party under Section 11.1 and Section 11.2, within a reasonable time after such Indemnified Partys receipt thereof, copies of all notices and documents (including court papers)
received by such Indemnified Party relating to the claim giving rise to the Indemnified Amounts. 

143 

Section 11.3 Legal Proceedings. 

In the event an Indemnified Party becomes involved in any action, claim, or legal, governmental or administrative proceeding (an
Action) for which it seeks indemnification hereunder, the Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the other party or parties against whom it seeks indemnification (the Indemnifying Party) in writing of the
nature and particulars of the Action; provided that its failure to do so shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations hereunder except to the extent such failure would materially prejudice the legal position of the Indemnifying
Party. Upon written notice to the Indemnified Party acknowledging in writing that the indemnification provided hereunder applies to the Indemnified Party in connection with the Action (subject to the exclusion in the first sentence of
Section 11.1, the first sentence of Section 11.2 or Section 11.2(d), as applicable), the Indemnifying Party may assume the defense of the Action at its expense with
counsel reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified Party; provided that if the Indemnified Party determines in good faith that there may be a conflict between the positions of the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party in connection with
the Action, or that the Indemnifying Party is not conducting the defense of the Action in a manner reasonably protective of the interests of the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party shall no longer have such right to assume the defense of the
Action. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain separate counsel in connection with the Action, and the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable for the legal fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party after the Indemnifying Party has
done so; provided that if the Indemnified Party determines in good faith that there may be a conflict between the positions of the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party in connection with the Action, or that the Indemnifying Party is
not conducting the defense of the Action in a manner reasonably protective of the interests of the Indemnified Party, the reasonable legal fees and expenses of the Indemnified Party shall be paid by the Indemnifying Party; providedfurther that the Indemnifying Party shall not, in connection with any one Action or separate but substantially similar or related Actions in the same jurisdiction arising out of the same general allegations or circumstances, be liable for the
fees or expenses of more than one separate firm of attorneys (and any required local counsel) for such Indemnified Party, which firm (and local counsel, if any) shall be designated in writing to the Indemnifying Party by the Indemnified Party. If
the Indemnifying Party elects to assume the defense of the Action, it shall have full control over the conduct of such defense; provided that the Indemnifying Party and its counsel shall, as reasonably requested by the Indemnified Party or
its counsel, consult with and keep them informed with respect to the conduct of such defense. The Indemnifying Party shall not settle an Action without the prior written approval of the Indemnified Party unless such settlement provides for the full
and unconditional release of the Indemnified Party from all liability in connection with the Action. The Indemnified Party shall reasonably cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in connection with the defense of the Action. 

Section 11.4 After-Tax Basis. 

Indemnification under Section 11.1 and Section 11.2 shall be in an amount necessary to
make the Indemnified Party whole after taking into account any Tax consequences to the Indemnified Party of the receipt of the indemnity payment provided hereunder, including the effect of such Tax or refund on the amount of Tax measured by net
income or profits that is or was payable by the Indemnified Party. 

144 

ARTICLE XII. 

THE LOAN AGENT AND LEAD LENDER 

Section 12.1 The Loan Agent. 

(a) Appointment. Each Secured Party hereby appoints and authorizes the Loan Agent as its representative and hereby further authorizes
the Loan Agent to appoint additional representatives to act on its behalf and for the benefit of each Secured Party. Each Secured Party further authorizes the Loan Agent to take such action as representative on its behalf and to exercise such powers
under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents as are delegated to the Loan Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. In furtherance, and without limiting the generality, of the
foregoing, each Secured Party hereby appoints the Loan Agent as its representative to execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action that the Loan Agent may deem necessary or appropriate or that a Secured
Party may reasonably request in order to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the security interests granted by the Borrower hereunder, or to enable any of them to exercise or enforce any of their respective rights hereunder, including, without
limitation, the execution by the Collateral Agent as secured party/assignee of such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto or assignments thereof, relative to all or any of the Collateral now existing or hereafter arising, and
such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or appropriate for the purposes stated hereinabove. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document, the Loan Agent shall
not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth in this Agreement, nor shall the Loan Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities,
duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or otherwise exist against the Loan Agent. 

(b) Delegation of Duties. The Loan Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by or
through agents, employees or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Loan Agent shall not be
responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney-in-fact unless it is determined in a final non-appealable
judgment that the Loan Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such agent, sub-agent or
attorney-in-fact. The exculpatory provisions of this Article XII shall apply to any such agent, employee or attorneys-in-fact and the officers, directors and employees of the Loan Agent and any agent, employee or attorney-in-fact.

(c) Loan Agents Reliance, Etc. Neither the Loan Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable for
any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them as Loan Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable judgment. Each party hereto hereby waives any and all claims against the Loan Agent or any of its Affiliates for any action taken or omitted to be taken by
the Loan Agent or any of its Affiliates under or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, except for its or their own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a
final and non-

145 

appealable judgment; provided, that, any action taken or omitted to be taken by the Loan Agent in accordance with the directions of the Lead Lender or Majority Lenders (or such other number or
percentage of Lenders as shall be necessary under the Transaction Documents, or as the Loan Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances) shall not be deemed to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct of
the Loan Agent. Without limiting the foregoing, the Loan Agent: (i) may consult with legal counsel (including counsel for the Borrower or the Collateral Manager), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be
liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts; (ii) makes no warranty or representation and shall not be responsible for any statements, warranties
or representations made by any other Person in or in connection with this Agreement; (iii) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or
any of the other Transaction Documents on the part of the Borrower or the Collateral Manager or to inspect the property (including the books and records) of the Borrower or the Collateral Manager; (iv) shall not be responsible for the due
execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement, any of the other Transaction Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto; and (v) shall incur no
liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents by acting upon any notice (including notice by telephone), consent, certificate or other instrument or writing (which may be by facsimile) believed by it to be
genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties. The Loan Agent will provide copies of notices, certificates and reports that it receives from the Borrower to the Lenders to the extent they are not required to be delivered to Lenders by
the Borrower or any other party to this Agreement, and shall have no obligation to review such notices, certificates or reports except as expressly provided herein. The Loan Agent shall not be under a duty to examine or independently evaluate, and
shall not be charged with knowledge or notice of, the contents of any financial statements or reports to delivered to it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement or the Transaction Documents, it being acknowledged that such deliveries are for
the purpose of making such materials available to the Lenders. In no event shall the Loan Agent be liable for any special, indirect, punitive or consequential damages (including lost profits) under or pursuant to this Agreement or the other
Transaction Documents, whether or not the Loan Agent has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages. 

(d) Actions by Loan
Agent. The Loan Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Lead Lender or the Majority Lenders
as it deems appropriate and, if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lead Lender or the Majority Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to
take any such action. The Loan Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Lead Lender or the Majority
Lenders; provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Loan Agent shall not be required to take any action hereunder if the taking of such action, in the reasonable determination of the Loan Agent, shall be in violation
of any Applicable Law or contrary to any provision of this Agreement or shall expose the Loan Agent to liability hereunder or otherwise. In the event the Loan Agent requests the consent of the Lead Lender or the Majority Lenders pursuant to the
foregoing provisions and the Loan Agent does not receive a consent (either positive or negative) from such Person within ten Business Days of such Persons receipt of such request, then the Lead Lender or the Majority Lenders shall be deemed to
have declined to consent to the relevant action. In the event the Loan Agent shall receive conflicting instruction from the Lead Lender and the Majority Lenders, the instruction of the Majority Lenders shall govern. 

146 

(e) Notice of Termination Event, Unmatured Termination Event or Collateral Manager
Default. The Loan Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of a Termination Event, Unmatured Termination Event or Collateral Manager Default, unless the Loan Agent has received written notice from a Lender, the
Borrower or the Collateral Manager referring to this Agreement, describing such Termination Event, Unmatured Termination Event or Collateral Manager Default and stating that such notice is a Notice of Termination Event, Notice of
Unmatured Termination Event or Notice of Collateral Manager Default, as applicable. The Loan Agent shall (subject to Section 12.1(c)) take such action with respect to such Termination Event, Unmatured
Termination Event or Collateral Manager Default as may be requested by the Lenders acting jointly or as the Loan Agent shall deem advisable or in the best interest of the Lenders. 

(f) Credit Decision with Respect to the Loan Agent. Each Secured Party acknowledges that neither the Loan Agent nor any of its
Affiliates has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Loan Agent hereinafter taken, including any consent to and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of the Borrower, the Collateral Manager or any of their
respective Affiliates or review or approval of any of the Collateral, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any of the Loan Agent or its Affiliates to any Lender as to any matter, including whether the Loan Agent has
disclosed material information in its possession. Each Secured Party acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Loan Agent, or any of its Affiliates, and based upon such documents and information as it has deemed
appropriate, made its own evaluation and decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. Each Secured Party also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Loan Agent or
any of its Affiliates, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a
party. Each Secured Party hereby agrees that the Loan Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition
or creditworthiness of the Borrower, the Collateral Manager or their respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of the Loan Agent or any of its Affiliates. 

(g) Indemnification of the Loan Agent. Each Lender agrees to indemnify the Loan Agent and its Affiliates, assigns and officers,
directors, employees and agents (the Loan Agent Indemnified Party) (to the extent not timely reimbursed by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager), ratably in accordance with its pro rata share from and against any and all
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or
asserted against any Loan Agent Indemnified Party in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, or any action taken or omitted by any Loan Agent Indemnified Party hereunder or thereunder;
provided that, the Lenders shall not be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees

147 

and disbursements, or disbursements resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Loan Agent Indemnified Party, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final
and non-appealable judgment; provided further that any action or any omission to act taken by any Loan Agent Indemnified Party in accordance with the directions of the Lead Lender or Majority Lenders
(or such other number or percentage of Lenders as shall be necessary under the Transaction Documents, or as the Loan Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances) shall not be deemed to constitute gross negligence or
willful misconduct of such Loan Agent Indemnified Party for purposes of this Article XII. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender agrees to reimburse the Loan Agent Indemnified Parties, ratably in accordance with its pro rata share
promptly upon demand for any out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, incurred by the Loan Agent Indemnified Parties in
connection with the administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents to the extent that the Loan Agent Indemnified Parties are not timely reimbursed for such expenses by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager. For purposes hereof, a Lenders pro rata share shall be determined based upon its
share of the outstanding Advances and outstanding Commitments at such time (or if such indemnity payment is sought after the date on which the Advances have been paid in full and the Commitments have been terminated in accordance with such
Lenders pro rata share immediately prior to the date on which the Advances are paid in full and the Commitments are terminated. 

(h)
Successor Loan Agent. The Loan Agent may (a) be removed, with or without cause, by the Lead Lender by 90 days notice given in writing to the Loan Agent (a Loan Agent Termination Notice) and (b) may resign at
any time by giving not less than 90 days (or such shorter period as the Lead Lender may agree in writing) written notice thereof to the Lead Lender (a Loan Agent Resignation Notice). In the case of any resignation or
removal pursuant to this Section 12.1(h) of the Loan Agent, the Lead Lender (in consultation with the Borrower) shall promptly appoint a successor loan agent by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by the Lead Lender
and accepted in writing by the successor loan agent, a copy of which shall be delivered to each of the removed or resigning Loan Agent, the successor loan agent and the Borrower. If no successor shall have been appointed and an instrument of
acceptance by a successor shall not have been delivered to the Loan Agent within ninety (90) days (or such earlier day as agreed by the Lead Lender) after the delivery of such Loan Agent Termination Notice or Loan Agent Resignation Notice (the
Resignation Effective Date), such resignation or removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such Loan Agent Termination Notice of Agent Resignation Notice on the Resignation Effective Date and the retiring or
removed Loan Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents and the Lead Lender shall become the successor Loan Agent. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as the
Loan Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Loan Agent. After any retiring Loan Agents resignation or removal as Loan Agent, the provisions of
this Agreement, including without limitation, Article XI, Article XII and Section 13.8, and shall continue to inure to its benefit and any other Agent Indemnified Party as to any actions taken or omitted to be
taken by it while it was Loan Agent under this Agreement. 

148 

(i) Merger or Consolidation. Any Person (i) into which the Loan Agent may be
merged or consolidated, (ii) that may result from any merger or consolidation to which the Loan Agent shall be a party, or (iii) that may succeed to the properties and assets of the Loan Agent substantially as a whole, shall be the
successor to the Loan Agent under this Agreement without further act on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement provided such Person is organized under the laws of the United States of America or any one of the States thereof or the
District of Columbia (or any domestic branch of a foreign bank). 

(j) Compensation of Loan Agent. As compensation for its loan
agency activities hereunder, the Borrower shall pay the Loan Agent an administration fee in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon in the Loan Agent Fee Letter and the other Transaction Documents. The Loan Agents entitlement to
receive fees pursuant to this Agreement shall cease (excluding any unpaid outstanding amounts as of that date) on the earlier to occur of: (i) its removal or resignation as Loan Agent pursuant to Section 12.1(h); (ii)
the termination of this Agreement, and (iii) and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Transaction Document. 

(k) Rates. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary, the Loan Agent shall
be under no obligation (i) to monitor, determine, or verify any Benchmark Rate, Reference Rate, Term SOFR or other applicable benchmark interest rate, or to monitor, determine, calculate or verify the unavailability or cessation of any
Benchmark Rate, Reference Rate, Term SOFR or other applicable benchmark interest rate whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other Person of the occurrence of, any date on which such rate may be required to be transitioned or
replaced in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, applicable law or otherwise, (ii) to select, determine or designate any replacement to such rate, or other successor or replacement benchmark index, or whether any conditions
to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, (iii) to select, determine or designate any modifier to any replacement or successor index, or (iv) to determine whether or what any amendments to this Agreement or the other
Transaction Documents are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing. 

Section 12.2 The Lead
Lender.

(a) Appointment. Each Secured Party hereby appoints and authorizes the Lead Lender as its representative under and
in connection with the Transaction Documents. Each Secured Party further authorizes the Lead Lender to take such action as representative on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents as are
delegated to the Lead Lender by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 

(b) Role
of the Lead Lender; No Fiduciary Duties. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document, the Lead Lender shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those
expressly set forth in this Agreement, nor shall the Lead Lender have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any other Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into
this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or otherwise exist against the Lead Lender. 

(c) Limitation of Liability. 

149 

(i) Without limiting paragraph (ii) below (and without prejudice to any other
provision of any Transaction Document excluding or limiting the liability of the Lead Lender), the Lead Lender will not be liable for: 

(1) any damages, costs or losses to any person, any diminution in value, or any liability whatsoever arising as a result of
taking or not taking any action under or in connection with any Transaction Document, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or willful misconduct; 

(2) exercising, or not exercising, any right, power, authority or discretion given to it by, or in connection with, any
Transaction Document or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with, any Transaction Document, other than by reason of its gross negligence or willful misconduct; or

(3) without prejudice to the generality of paragraphs (1) and (2) above, any damages, costs or losses to any
person, any diminution in value or any liability whatsoever (including, without limitation, for negligence or any other category of liability whatsoever but not including any claim based on the fraud of the Lead Lender) arising as a result of: 

(A) 

any act, event or circumstance not reasonably within its control; or 

(B) 

the general risks of investment in, or the holding of assets in, any jurisdiction, 

including (in each case and without limitation) such damages, costs, losses, diminution in value or liability arising as a result of:
nationalization, expropriation or other governmental actions; any regulation, currency restriction, devaluation or fluctuation; market conditions affecting the execution or settlement of transactions or the value of assets (including any Disruption
Event); breakdown, failure or malfunction of any third party transport, telecommunications, computer services or systems; natural disasters or acts of God; war, terrorism, insurrection or revolution; or strikes or industrial action. 

(ii) Nothing in this Agreement shall oblige the Lead Lender to carry out: 

(1) any know your customer or other checks in relation to any person; or 

(2) any check on the extent to which any transaction contemplated by this Agreement might be unlawful for any Lender or for
any Affiliate of any Lender (in each case, other than the Lead Lender), 

150 

on behalf of any Lender other than the Lead Lender and each such Lender confirms to the
Lead Lender that it is solely responsible for any such checks it is required to carry out and that it may not rely on any statement in relation to such checks made by the Lead Lender. 

(iii) Without prejudice to any provision of any Transaction Document excluding or limiting the Lead Lenders liability, any liability of
the Lead Lender arising under or in connection with any Transaction Document shall be limited to the amount of actual loss which has been suffered (as determined by reference to the date of default of such person or, if later, the date on which the
loss arises as a result of such default) but without reference to any special conditions or circumstances known to such person at any time which increase the amount of that loss. In no event shall the Lead Lender be liable for any loss of profits,
goodwill, reputation, business opportunity or anticipated saving, or for special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages, whether or not such person has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages. 

For the avoidance of doubt and subject to the conditions to Advances set forth herein, nothing in this section shall relieve the Lead Lender
from its obligations to fund Advances as and when required under this Agreement as per the terms of this Agreement. 

(d) Resignation of
the Lead Lender. 

(i) The Lead Lender may resign and appoint one of its Affiliates as successor by giving notice to the Lenders and
the Borrower. 

(ii) Alternatively the Lead Lender may resign by giving 30 days notice to the Lenders and the Borrower, in which
case the Majority Lenders may appoint a successor Lead Lender. 

(iii) If the Majority Lenders have not appointed a successor Lead Lender
in accordance with paragraph (ii) above within 30 days after notice of resignation was given, the retiring Lead Lender shall appoint a successor Lead Lender. 

(iv) After the Lead Lenders resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Section 12.2 shall continue in
effect for the benefit of such retiring agent in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while acting as Lead Lender. 

(v) Upon the appointment of a successor, the retiring Lead Lender shall be discharged from any further obligation in respect of the
Transaction Documents but shall remain entitled to the benefit of Section 11.1 and this Section 12.2. Any successor and each of the other Parties shall have the same rights and obligations amongst
themselves as they would have had if such successor had been an original Party. 

Section 12.3
Survival. 

The agreements in Sections 12.1(c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) and Sections 12.2(b)
and (c) shall survive the resignation of the Loan Agent and the Lead Lender, the termination of this Agreement, the termination of the Commitments, and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Transaction
Document. 

151 

ARTICLE XIII. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 13.1 Amendments and Waivers. 

(a) No amendment or modification of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective without the written agreement of the Borrower, the
Collateral Manager, the Majority Lenders and, solely if such amendment or modification would affect the rights and obligations, duties and indemnities of the Loan Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or the Document Custodian,
the written agreement of the Loan Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or the Document Custodian, as applicable, and (ii) no termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure therefrom by
the Borrower or the Collateral Manager shall be effective without the written concurrence of the Loan Agent and the Majority Lenders. Any waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which
given. 

(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 13.1(a), the written consent of all of the Lenders shall be required for any
Material Amendment. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any amendment, waiver or modification to which the Loan
Agents consent is not required, the parties agree to deliver to the Loan Agent a copy of each such amendment, waiver or modification; provided that, (i) no party shall be liable for its failure to comply with this sentence and
(ii) the Loan Agent shall not be bound by any such amendment, waiver or modification unless and until it has received a copy thereof. 

Section 13.2 Notices, Etc. 

(a) All notices, reports and other communications provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing (including
communication by e-mail and facsimile copy) and mailed, e-mailed, faxed, transmitted or delivered, as to each party hereto, at its address set forth on Annex A to
this Agreement or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices and communications shall be effective, upon receipt, or in the case of (a) notice by mail, five days
after being deposited in the United States mail, first class postage prepaid, (b) notice by e-mail, when verbal or electronic communication of receipt is obtained, or (c) notice by facsimile copy,
when verbal communication of receipt is obtained. 

(b) The Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent, respectively, shall make available copies
of each notice it receives pursuant to the express terms of this Agreement (including without limitation any notices and other writings received by it from the obligor of any Loan), upon the written direction of the Lead Lender, to each Lender at
its address set forth on Annex A to this Agreement or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent. 

152 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any amendment, waiver or modification to
which the Loan Agents consent is not required, the parties agree to deliver to the Loan Agent a copy of each such amendment, waiver or modification; provided that, (i) no party shall be liable for its failure to comply with this sentence
and (ii) the Loan Agent shall not be bound by any such amendment, waiver or modification unless and until it has received a copy thereof. 

Section 13.3 No Waiver; Remedies. 

No failure on the part of a Secured Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver
thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any
rights and remedies provided by law. 

Section 13.4 Binding Effect; Benefit of Agreement. 

This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Collateral Manager, the Secured Parties and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. Each Indemnified Party shall be an express third party beneficiary of this Agreement. 

Section 13.5 Term of this Agreement. 

This Agreement, including, without limitation, the Borrowers representations and covenants set forth in Articles IV and V,
and the Collateral Managers representations, covenants and duties set forth in Articles VI, V and VI, create and constitute the continuing obligation of the parties hereto in accordance with its terms, and shall remain in
full force and effect until the Collection Date; provided that the rights and remedies with respect to any breach of any representation and warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower or the Collateral Manager pursuant to Articles IV
and V, the indemnification and payment provisions of Article XI and the provisions of Section 13.7, Section 13.8, Section 13.9 and
Section 13.11 shall be continuing and shall survive any termination of this Agreement with respect to the Borrower. 

Section 13.6 Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Objection to Venue, Service of Process.

THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO
HEREBY AGREES TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURT LOCATED IN NEW YORK CITY. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION BASED ON FORUM NON CONVENIENS, AND ANY
OBJECTION TO VENUE OF ANY ACTION INSTITUTED HEREUNDER IN ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS AND CONSENTS TO THE GRANTING OF SUCH LEGAL OR EQUITABLE RELIEF AS IS DEEMED APPROPRIATE BY SUCH COURT. 

Each of the parties hereto, except for the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian and the Securities Intermediary, agrees that service of
process may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to such party at its address specified in Annex A to this Agreement or at such other address as the other parties shall have been notified in
accordance herewith. The Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian and the Securities Intermediary shall be served as prescribed by law. Nothing in this Section 13.6 shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process
in any other manner permitted by law. 

153 

Section 13.7 Waiver of Jury Trial. 

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY
DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED TO, OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY. INSTEAD, ANY SUCH DISPUTE RESOLVED IN COURT WILL BE RESOLVED IN A BENCH TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. 

Section 13.8
Costs and Expenses. 

(a) In addition to the rights of indemnification granted to the Indemnified Parties under
Article XI hereof, the Borrower agrees to pay on each Payment Date all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Lead Lender (on behalf of the Lenders),
the Loan Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent and the Document Custodian incurred in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration (including periodic auditing), syndication, renewal, amendment or
modification of (including any amendment or modification related to the joining of a proposed Borrower or the removal of a Borrower), or any waiver or consent issued in connection with, this Agreement and the other documents to be delivered
hereunder or in connection herewith, including, without limitation, the reasonable out-of-pocket fees and expenses of counsel for each of the Lead Lender (on behalf of
the Lenders), the Loan Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent and the Document Custodian with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Lead Lender (on behalf of the Lenders), the Loan Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the
Collateral Agent and the Document Custodian as to their respective rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder or in connection herewith, and all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if any (including reasonable out-of-pocket counsels fees and expenses), incurred by the Lead
Lender (on behalf of the Lenders), the Loan Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent or the Document Custodian in connection with the administration of or the enforcement or potential enforcement of this Agreement or any Transaction
Document by such Person as set forth in reasonable detail in a notice by such Person to the Borrower and the Collateral Manager at least two Business Days prior to the Reporting Date for such Payment Date. Any amounts set forth in a notice received
after the second Business Day prior to the Reporting Date for any Payment Date shall be paid on the following Payment Date. 

(b) Without
duplication of other amounts payable by the Borrower under Section 2.15 and Section 2.16, the Borrower (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall pay on demand any and all stamp, court or
documentary, recording, filing and other similar taxes and fees payable or determined to be payable to any Governmental Authority in connection with the execution, delivery, filing and recording of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents,
except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment, 

154 

grant of a participation, designation of a new office for receiving payments by or on account of the Borrower or other transfer (all such non-excluded
Taxes, Other Taxes). The Collateral Manager shall have the right to reimbursement for any such amounts paid under this Section 13.8(b) on the first Payment Date following the date on which such amounts
are first included in a Collateral Report in accordance with the Interest Priority of Payments and Principal Priority of Payments. 

Section 13.9 No Proceedings. 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, none of the parties to this Agreement, may, prior to the date which is one year (or if
longer the applicable preference period then in effect) plus one day after the Termination Date, institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, the Borrower, any bankruptcy, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency,
moratorium or liquidation proceedings, or other proceedings under U.S. federal or state bankruptcy or similar laws of any jurisdiction. 

Section 13.10 Recourse Against Certain Parties. 

(a) No recourse under or with respect to any obligation, covenant or agreement (including, without limitation, the payment of any fees or any
other obligations) of any Secured Party as contained in this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document entered into by any Secured Party pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall be had against any administrator of any Secured
Party or any incorporator, affiliate, stockholder, officer, employee or director of any Secured Party or of any such administrator, as such, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or
otherwise; itbeingexpresslyagreedandunderstood that the agreements of each party hereto contained in this Agreement and all of the other agreements, instruments and documents entered into by any Secured
Party pursuant hereto or in connection herewith are, in each case, solely the corporate obligations of such party (and nothing in this Section 13.10 shall be construed to diminish in any way such corporate obligations of
such party), and that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to or be incurred by any administrator of any Secured Party or any incorporator, stockholder, affiliate, officer, employee or director of the Lenders or the Loan Agent or of any
such administrator, as such, or any of them, under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of any Secured Party contained in this Agreement or in any other such instruments, documents or agreements, or are implied therefrom,
and that any and all personal liability of every such administrator of any Secured Party and each incorporator, stockholder, affiliate, officer, employee or director of any Secured Party or of any such administrator, or any of them, for breaches by
any Secured Party of any such obligations, covenants or agreements, which liability may arise either at common law or in equity, by statute or constitution, or otherwise, is hereby expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the
execution of this Agreement. 

(b) Notwithstanding any contrary provision set forth herein, no claim may be made by any party hereto
against any party hereto or their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, attorneys or agents for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages in respect to any claim for breach of contract or any other theory of liability
arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith; and each party hereto hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue upon any claim for any such damages,
whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected. 

155 

(c) No obligation or liability to any Obligor under any of the Loans is intended to be
assumed by any Secured Party under or as a result of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(d) No recourse under or
upon any obligation, covenant, or agreement of the Borrower contained in any Transaction Document shall be had against any manager, director, employee, agent or Affiliate of the Borrower (each, a
Non-Recourse Party) and no such Non-Recourse Party shall be personally liable for payment of any Aggregate Unpaids or other amounts due in respect
thereof (all such liability being expressly waived and released by each Lender, the Loan Agent, the Securities Intermediary, the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian and the Securities Intermediary); provided, however, that the
foregoing shall not (i) be construed so as to exonerate or exculpate any Non-Recourse Party from any liability by reason of a breach by such Non-Recourse Party of
any of its obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Transaction Documents or its willful misconduct or gross negligence or (ii) affect any rights the Secured Parties might have against any
Non-Recourse Party to the extent of any fraud, misappropriation, embezzlement or any other financial crime constituting a felony by such Non-Recourse Party. 

(e) The provisions of this Section 13.10 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

Section 13.11 Confidentiality. 

(a) Confidentiality. The Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian, the Loan Agent and each Lender agrees to keep all Confidential
Information confidential and not to disclose it to anyone, save to the extent permitted by clause (b) below, and to ensure that all Confidential Information is protected with security measures and a degree of care that would apply to its own
confidential information. 

(b) Disclosure of Confidential Information. The Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian, the Loan Agent
and each Lender may disclose: 

(i) to any of its Affiliates and any of its or their officers, directors, employees, legal advisers,
auditors, valuation agents and Representatives such Confidential Information as that party shall consider appropriate if any person to whom the Confidential Information is to be given pursuant to this paragraph (i) is informed in writing of its
confidential nature and that some or all of such Confidential Information may be price-sensitive information, except that there shall be no such requirement to so inform if the recipient is subject to
professional obligations to maintain the confidentiality of the information or is otherwise bound by requirements of confidentiality in relation to the Confidential Information; 

(ii) to any person: 

(1) other than a Competitor (other than after the last day of the Reinvestment Period or following the occurrence and during
the continuance of a Termination Event), to (or through) whom it assigns or transfers (or may potentially assign or transfer) all or any of its rights and/or obligations under one or more Transaction Documents or which succeeds (or which may
potentially succeed) it as the Loan Agent, 

156 

Collateral Agent, Document Custodian or Lender and, in each case, to any of that persons Affiliates, Representatives, professional advisers and valuation agents; provided that,
during the Reinvestment Period and prior to the occurrence and continuance of a Termination Event, the Collateral Manager has provided its prior consent to any such disclosure; 

(2) other than a Competitor (other than after the last day of the Reinvestment Period or following the occurrence and during
the continuance of a Termination Event), who invests in or otherwise finances (or may potentially invest in or otherwise finance), directly or indirectly, any transaction referred to in paragraph (ii)(1) or (ii)(2) above and to any of that
persons Affiliates, Representatives, professional advisers and valuation agents; 

(3) appointed by the Loan Agent,
the Collateral Agent, Document Custodian or any Lender or by a person to whom paragraph (ii)(1) or (2) above applies to receive communications, notices, information or documents delivered pursuant to the Transaction Documents on its behalf;

(4) other than a Competitor (other than after the last day of the Reinvestment Period or following the occurrence and
during the continuance of Termination Event), who invests in or otherwise finances (or may potentially invest in or otherwise finance), directly or indirectly, any transaction referred to in paragraph (ii)(1) or (ii)(2) above and to any of that
persons Affiliates, Representatives, professional advisers and valuation agents; 

(5) to whom information is
required or requested to be disclosed by any court of competent jurisdiction or any governmental, banking, taxation or other regulatory authority or similar body, the rules of any relevant stock exchange or pursuant to any applicable law or
regulation; 

(6) to whom information is required to be disclosed in connection with, and for the purposes of, any
litigation, arbitration, administrative or other investigations, proceedings or disputes; 

(7) to whom or for whose
benefit any Lender pledges or assigns a security interest or declares a trust (or may do so) pursuant to Section 13.14(c) or to whom or for whose direct or indirect benefit that Lender otherwise grants an interest in any of
its rights under the Transaction Documents, and in each case to any of that persons Affiliates, Representatives, professional advisers and valuation agents; 

(8) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to any beneficiary or
proposed beneficiary (and the administrative agents, trustees and advisors appointed in connection with the funding arrangement to which such beneficiary is a party); 

(9) who is a party to this Agreement; 

157 

(10) with the consent of the Borrower, in each case, such Confidential
Information as the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent, Document Custodian or Lender, as applicable, shall consider appropriate if: 

(A) in
relation to paragraphs (ii)(1), (ii)(2) or (ii)(3) above, the person to whom the Confidential Information is to be given has entered into a Confidentiality Undertaking except that there shall be no requirement for a Confidentiality Undertaking
if the recipient is a professional adviser and is subject to professional obligations to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information; 

(B) in relation to paragraph (ii)(4) above, the person to whom the Confidential Information is to be given has entered into a
Confidentiality Undertaking or is otherwise bound by requirements of confidentiality in relation to the Confidential Information they receive and is informed that some or all of such Confidential Information may be price-sensitive information; 

(C) in relation to paragraphs (ii)(5), (ii)(6) and (ii)(7) above, the person to whom the Confidential Information is to be given is
informed of its confidential nature and that some or all of such Confidential Information may be price-sensitive information except that there shall be no requirement to so inform if, in the opinion of the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent, Document
Custodian or Lender shall consider appropriate if, it is not practicable so to do in the circumstances; and 

(iii) to any person
appointed by the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent, Document Custodian or Lender shall consider appropriate if or by a person to whom paragraph (ii)(1) or (ii)(2) above applies to provide administration or settlement services in respect of one
or more of the Transaction Documents including without limitation, in relation to the trading of participations in respect of the Transaction Documents, such Confidential Information as may be required to be disclosed to enable such service provider
to provide any of the services referred to in this paragraph (iii) if the service provider to whom the Confidential Information is to be given has entered into a Confidentiality Undertaking. 

(c) Entire Agreement. This Section 13.11 constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties in relation to
the obligations of the parties hereto under the Transaction Documents regarding Confidential Information and supersedes any previous agreement, whether express or implied, regarding Confidential Information. 

(d) Inside information. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges that some or all of the Confidential Information is or may be
price-sensitive information and that the use of such information may be regulated or prohibited by applicable legislation including securities law relating to insider dealing and market abuse and each of the parties hereto undertakes not to use any
Confidential Information for any unlawful purpose. 

(e) Notification of disclosure. 

Each of the parties hereto agrees (to the extent permitted by law and regulation) to inform the Borrower: 

158 

(i) of the circumstances of any disclosure of Confidential Information made pursuant to
paragraph (ii)(5) of Section 13.11(b) except where such disclosure is made to any of the persons referred to in that paragraph during the ordinary course of its supervisory or regulatory function; and 

(ii) upon becoming aware that Confidential Information has been disclosed in breach of this Section 13.11. 

(f) Continuing Obligations. 

The obligations in this Section 13.11 are continuing and, in particular, shall survive and remain binding on each
party hereto for a period of 12 months from the earlier of: 

(i) the date on which all amounts payable by the Borrower under or in
connection with this Agreement have been paid in full and all Commitments have been cancelled or otherwise cease to be available; and 

(ii) the date on which such party otherwise ceases to be a party to the Transaction Documents. 

Section 13.12 Execution in Counterparts; Severability; Integration. 

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts (including by facsimile
or other electronic imaging means), each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. In case any provision in or obligation under this Agreement shall
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby. This Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and any agreements or letters (including fee letters) executed in connection herewith contain the final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with
respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding all prior oral or written understandings. 

Section 13.13 Waiver of Setoff. 

Each of the parties hereto hereby waives any right of setoff it may have or to which it may be entitled under this Agreement from time to time
against any Lender or its assets. 

Section 13.14 Register; Assignability; Multiple Lenders. 

(a) Each Lender and their respective successors and assigns may (i) assign this Agreement and such Lenders rights and obligations
hereunder and interest herein in whole or in part (including any Advance or portion thereof) to (x) any other Lender or Affiliate of any Lender and (y) to any other Person with respect to which each of the Borrower and the Parent have
provided its prior written consent, (ii) sell a participation interest in this Agreement and such Lenders rights and obligations hereunder and interest herein in whole or in part (including any

159 

Advance or portion thereof) to any Person other than the Borrower or an Affiliate thereof by way of the sale of participation interests therein and (iii) assign or grant a security interest
in this Agreement and such Lenders rights; provided that in the case of (ii) and (iii) above, (1) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (2) such Lender shall remain solely responsible
to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (3) the Borrower, the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender (or its attorney in fact) in
connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement; provided further that, after the last day of the Reinvestment Period or if a Termination Event has occurred, a Lender may assign its rights and obligations
hereunder to any Person without any consent. Any such assignee (other than a beneficiary of a declaration of trust) shall execute and deliver to the Collateral Manager, the Borrower and the Loan Agent a fully-executed Transferee Letter substantially
in the form of Exhibit F hereto (a Transferee Letter) and a fully-executed Joinder Supplement. To the extent the assignee is not currently a Lender hereunder, the assignee shall deliver to the Loan Agent all documentation
and other information reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be required by applicable regulatory authorities required under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA
PATRIOT Act. The parties to any such assignment, grant or sale of a participation interest shall execute and deliver to the related Lender for its acceptance and recording in its books and records, such agreement or document as may be satisfactory
to such parties and the applicable Lender. None of the Borrower, the Parent or the Collateral Manager may assign, or permit any Lien to exist upon, any of its rights or obligations hereunder or under any Transaction Document or any interest herein
or in any Transaction Document without the prior written consent of each Lender, which consent may be withheld by any Lender in the exercise of its sole and absolute discretion. 

(b) The Loan Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall
maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Joinder Supplement delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Advances owing
to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Loan Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person
whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to
time upon reasonable prior written notice. 

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, in addition to the other rights
provided to Lenders under this Section 13.14, each Lender may without consulting with or obtaining consent from the Borrower, at any time pledge or assign a security interest or declare a trust in favor of any funding
vehicle of such lender in or over (whether by way of collateral or otherwise) all or any of its rights under any Transaction Document in connection with securing or otherwise providing credit support for obligations of that Lender (where the
ultimate beneficiary or beneficiaries of such security or credit support (including, for the avoidance of doubt, indirectly through a trustee and/or custodian) are not (other than after the last day of the Reinvestment Period or following the
occurrence and during the continuance of a Termination Event) a Competitor) including, without limitation: 

160 

(i) any pledge or assignment or declaration of trust to secure or otherwise provide credit
support for obligations to a federal reserve or central bank; and 

(ii) any pledge or assignment or declaration of trust granted to any
holders (or trustee or representatives of holders) of obligations owed, or securities issued, by that Lender as security for those obligations or securities, 

except that no such pledge or assignment shall: 

(1) release a Lender from or change any of its obligations under this Agreement or substitute or add any such pledgee or
assignee or beneficiary of a declaration of trust for the Lender as a party hereto; or 

(2) require any payments to be
made by the Borrower other than or in excess of, or grant to any person any more extensive rights than, those required to be made or granted to the relevant Lender under this Agreement or cause the Borrower or the Collateral Manager to be required
to deal with any Person other than such Lender (or its attorney in fact) in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. 

Section 13.15 Heading and Exhibits. 

The headings herein are for purposes of references only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof.
The schedules and exhibits attached hereto and referred to herein shall constitute a part of this Agreement and are incorporated into this Agreement for all purposes. 

Section 13.16 Non-Confidentiality of Tax Treatment. 

All parties hereto agree that each of them and each of their employees, representatives, and other agents may disclose to any and all persons,
without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind (including, without limitation, opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to any of them relating to such tax treatment and
tax structure. Tax treatment and tax structure shall have the same meaning as such terms have for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4;provided
that with respect to any document or similar item that in either case contains information concerning the tax treatment or tax structure of the transaction as well as other information, the provisions of this Section 13.16
shall only apply to such portions of the document or similar item that relate to the tax treatment or tax structure of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 13.17 Intent of Parties. 

All parties hereto intend that the Borrowers obligations to the Lenders incurred through the Indebtedness borrowed pursuant to this
Agreement to be loans and not securities for all purposes. 

161 

Section 13.18 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under this Agreement may be subject to the
Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder
which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution; 

(b) and the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(1) a reduction in full or in part or
cancellation of any such liability; 

(2) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of
ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights
with respect to any such liability under this Agreement; or 

(3) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the
exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any applicable Resolution Authority. 

As used herein: 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the
applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the UK, Part I of the UK Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the UK relating to the
resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the
supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member
Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

162 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union,
Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person
entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution
Authority. 

UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as
amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority,
which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for
the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any
EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and
conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the UK, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the
Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that
liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that
liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

ARTICLE XIV. 

RETENTION REQUIREMENTS 

(a) The Retention Holder, for so long as any Advance remains outstanding: 

(i) will retain, on an ongoing basis, a material net economic interest in the first loss tranche (as such term is defined in the
Securitisation Regulations) of not less than five (5) per cent. of the nominal value of the securitised exposures through the holding of 100% of the ownership interest in the Borrower, representing not less than five (5) per cent. of the
aggregate 

163 

principal amount outstanding of all Loans in the Portfolio (which does not include Loans in respect of which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase but have not yet
settled but does include Loans in respect of which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to sell but which have not yet settled) on the relevant date of determination within the meaning of Article 6(3)(d) of the EU Securitisation
Regulation, Article 6(3)(d) of Chapter 2 of the UK PRASR and UK SECN 5.2.8(1)(a), in each case, in effect on the date of this Agreement (the Risk Retention); 

(ii) will not sell, hedge or otherwise mitigate the credit risk of the Risk Retention, except to the extent permitted in accordance with
Retention Requirements; 

(iii) subject to any regulatory requirements, will (i) take such further reasonable action, and enter into
such other agreements, in each case, as may be reasonably required to satisfy the Retention Requirements as in force on the date of this Agreement and (ii) provide to the Borrower, on a confidential basis, information in the possession of the
Retention Holder relating to its holding of the Risk Retention, at the cost and expense of the party seeking such information, and to the extent the same is not subject to a duty of confidentiality; and 

(iv) will, following receipt of written request from any Lender (and subject to any regulatory requirements, such actions being lawful, and
to the extent not subject to a duty of confidentiality), provide such Lender such information (in a form and substance as may be reasonably requested by such Lender) so as to ensure such Lenders compliance with the Due Diligence Requirements;
provided that, prior to receiving such information, such Lender (1) either (x) can satisfactorily demonstrate to the Retention Holder that such information is necessary to ensure compliance with the Due Diligence Requirements or
(y) represents to the Retention Holder that such information has been requested by a governmental body, agency or official (including any bank regulatory agency) in connection with the Due Diligence Requirements, and (2) agrees to keep
such information confidential (provided that such Lender may share such information with any governmental body, agency or official (including any bank regulatory agency) or as required by any applicable law or regulation). 

(b) The Retention Holder shall confirm to the Lenders its compliance with the covenant set out in Section 14.1(a)
above in writing (which may be via email): 

(i) on a monthly basis; and 

(ii) on the date of each Funding Request. 

(c) The Retention Holder hereby agrees that if, at any time, it fails to comply with its obligations in this Article XIV, it shall immediately
provide notice thereof in writing (which may be by email) to the Borrower and the Lenders. 

(d) The Retention Holder reasonably believes
that it qualifies as an originator for the purposes of the Retention Requirements. 

(e) The Retention Holder undertakes and
agrees for so long as any Advance remains outstanding that: 

164 

(i) in relation to every Originated Loan, it either itself or through related entities,
directly or indirectly, was involved in the original agreement which created or will create such obligation; 

(ii) the Originator
Requirement is satisfied; 

(iii) it is not an entity that has been established or that operates for the sole purpose of securitising
exposures; and 

(iv) it, together with the Collateral Manager, has established the transaction contemplated hereby. 

(f) On or prior to the date of this Agreement, the Retention Holder has provided to the Lead Lender, the Loan Agent, the Borrower, the
Collateral Manager and the Collateral Agent the transaction summary contained in Schedule X to this Agreement; provided that none of the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian or the Loan Agent shall have any obligation or duty to determine
or otherwise monitor the Retention Holders compliance with the Retention Requirements or confirm or otherwise ascertain the correctness or accuracy of Schedule X or any other transaction summary. 

(g) No party other than the Retention Holder shall be responsible for the monitoring of, compliance with, or for investigating any matter
which is the subject of the representations and covenants given by the Retention Holder pursuant to this Article XIV, and no such party shall be under any obligation to take any action in relation to the Retention Holders non-compliance with the representations and covenants given by the Retention Holder pursuant to this Article XIV or be liable for any non-compliance by the Retention Holder
with the representations and covenants given by the Retention Holder pursuant to this Article XIV. 

(h) To the extent the Retention Holder
holds assets which are comparable to the Loans on its balance sheet, the Retention Holder shall not select any Loan to be transferred to, or acquired by, the Borrower with the intention of rendering losses on such assets to the Borrower measured
over the life of the transaction, or over a maximum of four years where the life of the transaction is longer than four years, higher than the losses over the same period on comparable assets held on its balance sheet. 

(i) The Retention Holder shall ensure that in the case of each Originated Loans for which the Retention Holder itself or through its related
entities, directly or indirectly, was involved in the original agreement which created such asset, it applies the same sound and well-defined criteria for credit-granting which such entity applies to
non-securitised assets. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.] 

165 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their
respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

THE BORROWER: ABPCIC FUNDING VI LLC, as the Borrower

By: AB Private Credit Investors Corporation, its

Designated Manager

By: 

/s/ Christopher Terry

Name: Christopher Terry

Title: Vice President

[Signatures Continued on the Following Page] 

APBCIC Funding VI 

Facility Agreement 

THE COLLATERAL MANAGER: 

AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS LLC, as

the collateral manager

By: 

/s/ Christopher Terry

Name: Christopher Terry

Title: Managing Director

[Signatures Continued on the Following Page] 

APBCIC Funding VI 

Facility Agreement 

THE LOAN AGENT: ALTER DOMUS (US) LLC, as the Loan Agent

By: 

/s/ Pinju Chiu

Name: Pinju Chiu

Title: Associate Counsel

[Signatures Continued on the Following Page] 

APBCIC Funding VI 

Facility Agreement 

LEAD LENDER: NATWEST MARKETS PLC, as a Lender

By: 

/s/ Amit Malhotra

Name: Amit Malhotra

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signatures Continued on the Following Page] 

APBCIC Funding VI 

Facility Agreement 

THE COLLATERAL AGENT: 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL

ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but

solely as
the Collateral Agent

By: 

/s/ Scott DeRoss

Name: Scott DeRoss

Title: Senior Vice President

THE DOCUMENT CUSTODIAN: 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in

its individual capacity but solely as the Document Custodian

By: 

/s/ Kenneth Brandt

Name: Kenneth Brandt

Title: Vice President

[Signatures Continued on the Following Page] 

APBCIC Funding VI 

Facility Agreement 

For purposes of Article XIV: 

RETENTION HOLDER: 

AB Private Credit Investors Corporation, as

Retention Holder

By: 

/s/ Christopher Terry

Name: Christopher Terry

Title: Vice President

APBCIC Funding VI 

Facility Agreement 

EXHIBIT A-1

To Facility Agreement 

FORM
OF FUNDING REQUEST 

(Funding Request) 

[Date] 

To: 

Alter Domus (US) LLC, 

as Loan
Agent 

225 W. Washington Street, 9th Floor 

Chicago, Illinois 60606 

Attention: Legal Department Agency, Emily Ergang Pappas and Jonathan Lam 

Email: legal_agency@alterdomus.com, emily.ergangpappas@alterdomus.com and 

jonathan.lam@alterdomus.com 

cc: 

NatWest Markets Plc 

privatefinancingsecuritisedproductscorporates@natwestmarkets.com; and secsupportconduit@natwestmarkets.com 

Re: Facility Agreement dated as of March 21, 2025 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This Funding Request is
delivered to you pursuant to Sections 2.1(a) and 3.2 of that certain Facility Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the Facility Agreement), by and among AB
Private Credit Investors LLC, as the collateral manager (in such capacity, the Collateral Manager), ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as the borrower (in such capacity, the Borrower), each of the Lenders from time to time
party thereto, NatWest Markets Plc, as the lead lender, Alter Domus (US) LLC, as the Loan Agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the Collateral Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as the Document Custodian. Capitalized terms
used but not defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Facility Agreement. 

Each of the undersigned, through its duly elected
Responsible Officer, and holding the office set forth below such officers name, hereby represents and certifies as follows: 

1. The
Borrower hereby requests an Advance in the principal amount of $_______________. The Advance shall be at least equal to $1,000,000 and the Borrower may request any amounts in excess thereof. 

2. The Borrower hereby requests that such Advance be made on the following date: _____________. 

A-1-1 

3. Wire Instructions: Name of Bank: _____________ 

A/C No.: __________________ 

ABA No.: _________________ 

Reference:_________________ 

4. [Attached to this Funding Request is a true, correct and complete list of Obligors and all Loans which will
become part of (or are currently in) the Collateral on the applicable Funding Date, each Loan reflected thereon being an Eligible Loan.] 

5. All of the conditions applicable to the Advance requested herein as set forth in the Facility Agreement have been satisfied as of the date
hereof and will remain satisfied to the date of such Advance, including those set forth in Section 3.2 of the Facility Agreement. 

6.
As of the date of this Funding Request (and prior to giving effect thereto), the amount of Advances Outstanding under the Facility Agreement is $____________. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

A-1-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Funding Request as of the date first
written above. 

[], as the Borrower

By: 

Name:

Title:

AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS LLC, as the Collateral Manager

By: 

Name:

Title:

[ATTACH LIST OF LOANS] 

A-1-3 

EXHIBIT A-2

To the Facility Agreement 

FORM OF REPAYMENT NOTICE 

(Reduction of Advances Outstanding/Facility Amount) 

[Date] 

To: 

Alter Domus (US) LLC, 

as Loan Agent 

225 W. Washington
Street, 9th Floor 

Chicago, Illinois 60606 

Attention: Legal Department Agency, Emily Ergang Pappas and Jonathan Lam 

Email: legal_agency@alterdomus.com, emily.ergangpappas@alterdomus.com and 

jonathan.lam@alterdomus.com 

Re: 

Facility Agreement dated as of March 21, 2025 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This Repayment Notice is delivered to you
pursuant to Section 2.3 of that certain Facility Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the Facility Agreement), by and among AB Private Credit Investors
LLC, as the collateral manager (in such capacity, the Collateral Manager), ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as the borrower (in such capacity, the Borrower), each of the Lenders from time to time party thereto, NatWest
Markets Plc, as the lead lender, Alter Domus (US) LLC, as the Loan Agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the Collateral Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as the Document Custodian. Capitalized terms used but not defined
herein shall have the meanings provided in the Facility Agreement. 

The undersigned, through its duly elected Responsible Officer, and holding the office
set forth below such officers name, hereby certify as follows: 

[1. Pursuant to Section 2.3(b) of the Facility Agreement, the
Borrower desires to reduce the Advances Outstanding (an Advance Reduction) by the amount of $. Any reduction of the Advances Outstanding (other than with respect to payments of Advances Outstanding made
by the Borrower to reduce Advances Outstanding such that the Availability is greater than or equal to $0) shall be in a minimum amount of $500,000.] 

[2. Pursuant to Section 2.3(a) of the Facility Agreement, the Borrower desires to permanently and irrevocably reduce the Facility Amount
(a Facility Reduction) by the amount of $. ] 

3. The Borrower hereby
requests that such [Advance Reduction][Facility Reduction] be made on the following date: _____________. 

A-2-1 

4. All of the conditions applicable to the Advance Reduction or Facility Reduction requested
herein as set forth in the Facility Agreement have been satisfied as of the date hereof and will remain satisfied to the date of such Advance Reduction or Facility Reduction, as applicable. 

5. As of the date of this Repayment Notice (and prior to giving effect thereto), the amount of Advances Outstanding under the Facility
Agreement is $____________. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

A-2-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Repayment Notice as of the date first
written above. 

[], as the Borrower

By: 

Name:

Title:

A-2-3 

EXHIBIT B 

To Facility Agreement 

FORM
OF COLLATERAL REPORT 

To Be Provided Separately 

B-1 

EXHIBIT C 

To Facility Agreement 

FORM
OF OFFICERS CLOSING CERTIFICATE 

[BORROWER] [COLLATERAL MANAGER] [PARENT] 

Reference is made to that certain Facility Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from
time to time, the Facility Agreement), by and among AB Private Credit Investors LLC, as the collateral manager (in such capacity, the Collateral Manager), ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as the borrower (in such
capacity, the Borrower), each of the Lenders from time to time party thereto, NatWest Markets Plc, as the lead lender, Alter Domus (US) LLC, as the Loan Agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the Collateral
Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as the Document Custodian. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Facility Agreement. 

The undersigned, through its duly elected Responsible Officer, hereby certifies as of the [__]th day of [__], 2025 (the Certification
Date) to the Loan Agent, the Lenders, the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian, the other Secured Parties, and their respective successors and assigns, as follows: 

1. The representations and warranties of the [Borrower][Collateral Manager][Parent] contained in the Transaction Documents are true, complete
and correct in all material respects (other than any such representation or warranty that is qualified by material, materiality, Material Adverse Effect, or a similar term or phrase, in which case, such
representation or warranty is true and correct) on and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date, and no event has occurred, or would result from the transactions effected pursuant thereto as of the Closing Date, that constitutes
or would constitute a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event. 

2. The [Borrower][Collateral Manager][Parent] is in compliance in
all material respects with all Applicable Law. 

3. Except as otherwise indicated on a schedule to a Transaction Document, or as otherwise
consented to by the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender, the [Borrower][Collateral Manager][Parent] has delivered to the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender copies of all documents required to be delivered by it to the Loan
Agent, the Collateral Agent and each Lender pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and each and every other condition to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (including without limitation the conditions and
requirements set forth in Section 3.1 of the Facility Agreement) has been performed. 

4. Both before and after giving effect to
(a) the transactions contemplated by the Facility Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and (b) the payment and accrual of all transaction costs in connection with the foregoing, the [Borrower][Collateral Manager][Parent] is and
will be Solvent. 

C-1 

5. [The Borrowers Federal Employer Identification Number is 81-2491356.]1

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT
BLANK] 

1 

Applicable to Borrower only 

C-2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have signed and delivered this Officers Certificate as of the
Certification Date. 

[BORROWER][COLLATERAL MANAGER][PARENT]

By: 

Name:

Title:

C-3 

EXHIBIT D 

To Facility Agreement 

FORM
OF RELEASE OF REQUIRED LOAN DOCUMENTS 

[Delivery Date] 

U.S. Bank National Association, 

as Document Custodian 

1719 Otis Way 

Florence, South Carolina 29501 

Attention: Steven Garrett 

Email: steven.garrett@usbank.com 

Re: 

Facility Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time
to time, the Facility Agreement), by and among AB Private Credit Investors LLC, as the collateral manager (in such capacity, the Collateral Manager), ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as the borrower (in such capacity, the
Borrower), each of the Lenders from time to time party thereto, NatWest Markets Plc, as the lead lender, Alter Domus (US) LLC, as the Loan Agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the Collateral Agent, and U.S.
Bank National Association, as the Document Custodian. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Facility Agreement. 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

In connection with the administration of
the Required Loan Documents held by U.S. Bank National Association as the Document Custodian on behalf of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, under the Facility Agreement, we request the release of the Required Loan
Documents (or such documents as specified below) for the Loans described below, for the reason indicated. All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning provided in the Facility Agreement. 

Obligors Name, Address & Zip Code: 

Loan Identification Number: 

Reason for Requesting
Documents (check one) 

____ 1. Loan paid in full. (The Collateral Manager hereby certifies that all amounts received in connection with such Loan have
been credited to the Collection Account.) 

____ 2. Loan liquidated by ____________________________. (The Collateral Manager hereby certifies that all
proceeds (net of Liquidation Expenses which the Collateral Manager may retain to pay such expenses) of foreclosure, insurance, condemnation or other liquidation have been finally received and credited to the Collection Account.) 

D-1 

____ 3. Loan in foreclosure. 

____ 4. Delivered in error. 

____ 5. Discretionary Sale. 

____ 6. Termination of Facility Agreement. 

____ 7. Collateral
Management (as applicable under Section 8.7 and Section 8.8 of the Facility Agreement). 

____ 8. Other (explain). 

If box 1, 2, 4, 5, 6 or 7 above is checked, and if all or part of the Required Loan Documents were previously released to us,
please release to us the Required Loan Documents requested in our previous request, as well as any additional documents in your possession relating to the specified Loan. 

If box 3 or 8 above is checked, we will return of all of the above Required Loan Documents to you as the Document Custodian (i) promptly upon the request
of the Lead Lender or (ii) when our need therefore no longer exists. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

D-2 

AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS LLC, as

the Collateral Manager

By: 

Name:

Title:

Acknowledgment of Required Loan Documents returned to the Document Custodian: 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,as the

Document Custodian

By: 

Name:

Title:

Consent of Lead Lender if required under the Facility Agreement: 

NATWEST MARKETS PLC,

as the Lead Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

D-3 

EXHIBIT E 

To Facility Agreement 

FORM
OF COLLATERAL MANAGERS CERTIFICATE 

[DATE] 

This Collateral Managers Certificate is delivered pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.7(b) of the Facility Agreement, dated as
of March 21, 2025 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the Facility Agreement), by and among AB Private Credit Investors LLC, as the collateral manager (in such capacity, the Collateral
Manager), ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as the borrower (in such capacity, the Borrower), each of the Lenders from time to time party thereto, NatWest Markets Plc, as the lead lender, Alter Domus (US) LLC, as the Loan Agent,
U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the Collateral Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as the Document Custodian. This Collateral Managers Certificate relates to the Collateral Report set forth on the attached Schedule
A. 

Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Facility Agreement. References
herein to certain subsections are references to the respective subsections of the Facility Agreement. 

AB Private Credit Investors LLC is
the Collateral Manager under the Facility Agreement. 

The undersigned hereby certifies to the Lead Lender, the Collateral Agent and each
Lender that, as of the date hereof, no Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event has occurred. 

The undersigned hereby certifies to
the Lead Lender, the Collateral Agent and each Lender that all of the foregoing information and all of the information set forth on the attached Schedule A is true, complete and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

E-1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Collateral Managers Certificate to
be duly executed as of the date first written above. 

AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS LLC, as the Collateral Manager

By: 

Name:

Title:

E-2 

SCHEDULE A TO 

COLLATERAL MANAGERS CERTIFICATE 

E-3 

EXHIBIT F 

To Facility Agreement 

FORM
OF TRANSFEREE LETTER 

__________, 20__ 

AB Private Credit
Investors LLC, as the Collateral Manager 

1345 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10105 

Attention: Howard Sprau 

Email: abloannotices@alliancebernstein.com 

ABPCIC Funding VI
LLC (the Borrower) 

c/o AllianceBernstein 

1345 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10105 

Attention: Wesley Raper 

Email: wesley.raper@abglobal.com 

Alter Domus (US) LLC, as the Loan Agent 

225 W. Washington
Street, 9th Floor 

Chicago, Illinois 60606 

Attention: Legal Department Agency, Emily Ergang Pappas and Jonathan Lam 

Email: legal_agency@alterdomus.com, emily.ergangpappas@alterdomus.com and 

jonathan.lam@alterdomus.com 

Re: 

ABPCIC Funding VI LLC 

[Name of Lender] 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

In connection with our acquisition of an interest in the Facility Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025 (as amended, modified,
supplemented or restated from time to time, the Facility Agreement), by and among AB Private Credit Investors LLC, as the collateral manager (in such capacity, the Collateral Manager), ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as
the borrower, each of the Lenders from time to time party thereto, NatWest Markets Plc, as the lead lender, Alter Domus (US) LLC, as the Loan Agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the Collateral Agent, and U.S. Bank National
Association, as the Document Custodian and [the portion of] [Lenders name] rights and obligations thereunder and interest therein and Advances made pursuant thereto specified in the Joinder Supplement of even date herewith (the
Interest), we certify that (a) we are an Approved Lender, (b) we have had the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from the Collateral Manager concerning the purchase of the Interest and all matters relating
thereto or any additional information deemed necessary to our decision to purchase the Interest, (c) we are acquiring the Interest for investment for our own account and not with a view to any distribution of such Interest (but without
prejudice to our right at all times to sell or 

F-1 

otherwise dispose of the Interest in accordance with clause (d) below), (d) we will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Interest unless (1) the purchaser or transferee
of such Interest has executed and delivered to you a certificate to substantially the same effect as this certificate, and (2) the purchaser or transferee has otherwise complied with any conditions for transfer set forth in the Facility
Agreement, (e) we are not acquiring an Interest, directly or indirectly, for or on behalf of an employee benefit plan or other retirement arrangement subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and/or
Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any entity, the assets of which would be deemed plan assets under the Department of Labor regulations set forth at 29 C.F.R.
2510.3-101; unless Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (PTCE) 84-14, PTCE 90-1, PTCE 91-38, PTCE 95-60 or PTCE 92-23 or some other applicable prohibited transaction exemption is applicable to the acquisition and holdings
of such Interest and (f) we are a U.S. Person, as such term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. For purposes of this Transferee Certificate, Approved Lender means a Person that
owns and invests on a discretionary basis $25,000,000 or more in securities other than securities of an issuer that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person; provided that, in determining whether a Person is an
Approved Lender, there shall be deducted from the amount of such Persons securities the amount of any outstanding indebtedness incurred to acquire the securities owned by such Person. 

Very truly yours,

Print Name of
Transferee

By: 

Responsible Officer

F-2 

EXHIBIT G 

To Facility Agreement 

FORM
OF JOINDER SUPPLEMENT 

JOINDER SUPPLEMENT, dated as of the date set forth in Item 1 of Schedule I hereto, between the financial
institution identified in Item 2 of Schedule I hereto (the Proposed Lender) and [], as the borrower (the Borrower), for the benefit of Alter Domus (US) LLC, as Loan Agent (in such capacity, the
Loan Agent) and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Collateral Agent, and the other Secured Parties. 

W I
T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS, this Joinder Supplement is being executed and delivered under Section 13.14 of the Facility Agreement,
dated as of March 21, 2025 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the Facility Agreement), by and among AB Private Credit Investors LLC, as the collateral manager (in such capacity, the
Collateral Manager), ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as the borrower, each of the Lenders from time to time party thereto, NatWest Markets Plc, as the lead lender, Alter Domus (US) LLC, as the Loan Agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as the Collateral Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as the Document Custodian. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning provided in the Facility Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, the Proposed Lender wishes to become a Lender party to the Facility Agreement; 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

(a) Upon receipt by the Loan Agent of the executed counterparts of this Joinder Supplement, to which is attached a fully completed Schedule
I and Schedule II, executed by the Proposed Lender and the Borrower, the Loan Agent will transmit to the Proposed Lender and the Borrower a Joinder Effective Notice, substantially in the form of Schedule III to this Joinder
Supplement (a Joinder Effective Notice). Such Joinder Effective Notice shall be executed by the Loan Agent and shall set forth, inter alia, the date on which the joinder effected by this Joinder Supplement shall become
effective (the Joinder Closing Date). From and after the Joinder Closing Date, the Proposed Lender shall be a Lender party to the Facility Agreement for all purposes thereof with a Commitment specified in the Joinder Effective
Notice and [Lender] will have the Commitment specified in the Joinder Effective Notice. On the Joinder Closing Date, the Loan Agent shall revise the Register to reflect the transactions effected pursuant to the Joinder Supplement and the related
Transferee Letter. 

(b) Each of the parties to this Joinder Supplement agrees and acknowledges that at any time and from time to time upon
the written request of any other party, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as such other party may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Joinder Supplement. 

(c) By executing and delivering this Joinder Supplement, the Proposed Lender confirms to and agrees with the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent
and the other Lenders as follows: 

G-1 

(i) none of the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and the other Lenders makes any representation or warranty or assumes any responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or
representations made in or in connection with the Facility Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Facility Agreement or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto, or
the Collateral (as defined under the Facility Agreement) or the financial condition of the Collateral Manager or the Borrower, or the performance or observance by the Collateral Manager or the Borrower of any of their respective obligations under
the Facility Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (ii) the Proposed Lender confirms that it has received a copy of such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate
to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Joinder Supplement; (iii) the Proposed Lender will, independently and without reliance upon the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and
information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Facility Agreement; (iv) the Proposed Lender appoints and authorizes the Loan Agent and the Collateral
Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Facility Agreement as are delegated to the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent, as applicable, by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably
incidental thereto, all in accordance with the Facility Agreement; and (v) the Proposed Lender agrees (for the benefit of the parties hereto and the other Lenders) that it shall be bound by the terms and provisions of the Facility Agreement and
other Transaction Documents and will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Facility Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

(d) Schedule II hereto sets forth administrative information with respect to the Proposed Lender. 

(e) This Joinder Supplement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Joinder Supplement to be executed by their respective duly authorized officers on
Schedule I hereto as of the date set forth in Item 1 of Schedule I hereto. 

G-2 

SCHEDULE I TO 

JOINDER SUPPLEMENT 

COMPLETION OF INFORMATION AND 

SIGNATURES FOR JOINDER SUPPLEMENT 

Re: 

Facility Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025, among ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as the borrower, the other
parties thereto and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as Loan Agent. 

Item 1: Date of Joinder Supplement: 

______________

Item 2: Proposed Lender: 

_________________________________

Item 3: Commitment: 

$______________

Item 4: Signatures of Parties to Agreement: 

[Signature Page to Follow]

G-3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Supplement to be executed by their respective officers
thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

THE PROPOSED [_________],

LENDER: as a Lender

By: 

Name:

Title:

[Signatures Continued on the Following Page] 

G-4 

[],

as the Borrower

By: 

Name:

Title:

G-5 

SCHEDULE II TO 

JOINDER SUPPLEMENT 

ADDRESS
FOR NOTICES 

AND 

WIRE
INSTRUCTIONS 

Address for Notices: 

Telephone: 

email: 

With a copy to: 

Telephone: 

email: 

Wire Instructions: Name of Bank: 

A/C No.: 

ABA No. 

Reference: 

G-6 

SCHEDULE III TO 

JOINDER SUPPLEMENT 

FORM OF

JOINDER EFFECTIVE NOTICE 

To: [Name
and address of the borrower (the Borrower) and Proposed Lender] 

Reference is made to that certain Facility Agreement,
dated as of March 21, 2025 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the Facility Agreement), by and among AB Private Credit Investors LLC, as the collateral manager (in such capacity, the
Collateral Manager), ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as the borrower, each of the Lenders from time to time party thereto, NatWest Markets Plc, as the lead lender, Alter Domus (US) LLC, as the Loan Agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National
Association, as the Collateral Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as the Document Custodian. [Note: attach copy of Schedules I and II from such Joinder Agreement.] Terms defined in such Joinder Supplement are used herein as therein defined.

Pursuant to such Joinder Supplement, you are advised that (a) the Joinder Closing Date for [Name of Proposed Lender] will be
[], 20[], (b) such Proposed Lender will be a Lender with a Commitment of $__________ [and (c) on the Joinder Closing Date after giving effect to such Joinder Supplement, the Commitment of [Lender], as a Lender, shall be
$__________]. 

Very truly yours,

ALTER DOMUS (US) LLC, as Loan Agent

By: 

Name:

Title:

G-7 

EXHIBIT H 

To Facility Agreement 

FORM
OF COLLATERAL MANAGER COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

This Collateral Managers Certificate is delivered pursuant to the provisions of
Section 6.8 of the Facility Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the Facility Agreement), by and among AB Private Credit Investors LLC, as the
collateral manager (in such capacity, the Collateral Manager), ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as the borrower (in such capacity, the Borrower), each of the Lenders from time to time party thereto, NatWest Markets Plc,
as the lead lender, Alter Domus (US) LLC, as the Loan Agent, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the Collateral Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as the Document Custodian. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall
have the meanings provided in the Facility Agreement. 

The undersigned, through its duly elected Responsible Officer, hereby certifies as
of the [__]th day of [__], 20[__] to the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Lenders, the other Secured Parties, and their respective successors and assigns, as follows: 

A. 

The undersigned, for the fiscal period ending on December 31, [__], has supervised a review of the
activities of the Collateral Manager, and the Collateral Managers performance pursuant to the Facility Agreement. 

B. 

The Collateral Manager has performed or has caused to be performed in all material respects all of its
obligations under the Facility Agreement throughout such fiscal period and no Collateral Manager Default has occurred or, if any such Collateral Manager Default has occurred a statement describing the nature thereof and the steps being taken to
remedy such Collateral Manager Default are listed on the attached Schedule A. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY
LEFT BLANK] 

H-1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Collateral Managers Certificate to
be duly executed as of the date first written above. 

AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS LLC, as

the Collateral Manager

By: 

Name:

Title:

H-2 

SCHEDULE A TO 

COLLATERAL MANAGER COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

H-3 

EXHIBIT I 

To Facility Agreement 

[Reserved] 

SCHEDULE I-1 

SCHEDULE I 

To Facility Agreement 

CONDITION PRECEDENT DOCUMENTS 

As required by Section 3.1 of the Facility Agreement, each of the following items must be delivered to the Loan Agent and each Lender
prior to the date thereof, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Loan Agent and each Lender: 

1. 

A copy of the Facility Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto; 

2. 

A copy of the Purchase and Sale Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto; 

3. 

A copy of the Securities Account Control Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto; 

4. 

A copy of the Pledge Agreement duly executed by all parties thereto; 

5. 

Officers Closing Certificates duly executed by Responsible Officers of the Borrower, the Collateral
Manager and the Parent; 

6. 

All documents and information necessary to complete the Exhibits and Schedules; 

7. 

Certificates of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary or other Responsible Officer of the Borrower, the
Collateral Manager, the Parent, the Loan Agent, the Document Custodian and the Collateral Agent, each dated as of the date of this Agreement, certifying (i) the names and true signatures of the incumbent officers of such Person authorized to
sign the Transaction Documents and the other documents to be delivered by it hereunder (on which certificate the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Document Custodian, the Lead Lender and/or the Lenders, as applicable, may conclusively rely),
(ii) that the copy of the certificate of organization of such Person attached thereto is a complete and correct copy and that such certificate of organization has not been amended, modified or supplemented and is in full force and effect,
(iii) that the copy of the organizational documents of such Person attached thereto are a complete and correct copy and that such organizational documents have not been amended, modified or supplemented and are in full force and effect, and
(iv) the resolutions of such Persons board of directors or managers/members approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance by such Person of the Transaction Documents and of the documents related thereto;

8. 

Good standing certificates for the Borrower, Parent and the Collateral Manager issued by the applicable
Governmental Authority of their respective jurisdiction of organization dated as of a date no more than ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date; 

SCHEDULE I-2 

9. 

Opinions letters of Dechert LLP, counsel to the Borrower and the Collateral Manager. 

The opinions referred to above may contain such qualifications, assumptions and exceptions as the Lead Lender and the Lenders in their
reasonable discretion may accept, such acceptance being evidenced by execution and delivery by the Lenders of the Facility Agreement. 

SCHEDULE I-3 

SCHEDULE II 

To Facility Agreement 

LOCATION OF REQUIRED LOAN DOCUMENTS 

Delivery
of Certificated Securities and Instruments: 

U.S. Bank National Association, 

as Document Custodian 

1555 N. Rivercenter Drive 

Suite 302 

Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53212 

Delivery of Required Loan Documents: 

U.S. Bank National
Association, 

as Document Custodian 

1719 Otis Way 

Florence, South Carolina 29501 

Attention: Steven Garrett 

SCHEDULE II-1 

SCHEDULE III 

[Reserved] 

SCHEDULE IV-2 

Schedule IV 

Concentration Limitations 

[Intentionally Omitted] 

Schedule V 

Eligibility Criteria 

[Intentionally Omitted] 

SCHEDULE VI 

To Facility Agreement 

[RESERVED] 

SCHEDULE VI-1 

SCHEDULE VII 

To Facility Agreement 

COMPETITORS 

[Intentionally
Omitted] 

SCHEDULE VII-1 

SCHEDULE VIII 

To Facility Agreement 

S&P Recovery Rates 

Priority Category Recovery Rate 

Senior Secured Loans 

Group A 50 % 

Group B 39 % 

Group C 17 % 

Senior Secured Loans
(Cov-Lite Obligations) 

Group A 41 % 

Group B 32 % 

Group C 17 % 

Second Lien Loans, first lien last out loans,
unsecured loans 

Group A 18 % 

Group B 13 % 

Group C 10 % 

Subordinated loans 

Group A 8 % 

Group B 8 % 

Group C 5 % 

Group Definitions 

Group A: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Israel, Japan,
Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, U.K., U.S.

Group B: Brazil, the Czech Republic, Italy, Mexico, Poland, South Africa

Group C: Dubai International Financial Centre, Greece, India, Indonesia, Kazakhstan, Romania, Russia, Turkey, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, Vietnam and others not in Group A or Group B 

SCHEDULE VIII-1 

SCHEDULE IX 

To Facility Agreement 

S&P INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATIONS 

Asset Type Code 

Asset Type Description

101010 Energy Equipment & Services

101020 Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels

151010 Chemicals

151020 Construction Materials

151030 Containers & Packaging

151040 Metals & Mining

151050 Paper & Forest Products

201010 Aerospace & Defense

201020 Building Products

201030 Construction & Engineering

201040 Electrical Equipment

201050 Industrial Conglomerates

201060 Machinery

201070 Trading Companies & Distributors

202010 Commercial Services & Supplies

202020 Professional Services

203010 Air Freight & Logistics

203020 Airlines

203030 Marine

203040 Road & Rail

203050 Transportation Infrastructure

251010 Auto Components

251020 Automobiles

252010 Household Durables

252020 Leisure Products

252030 Textiles, Apparel & luxury goods

253010 Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure

253020 Diversified Consumer Services

255010 Distributors

255020 Internet & Direct Marketing Retail

255030 Multiline Retail

255040 Specialty Retail

301010 Food & Staples Retailing

302010 Beverages

302020 Food Products

302030 Tobacco

303010 Household Products

303020 Personal Products

351010 Health Care Equipment & Supplies

SCHEDULE IX-1 

Asset Type Code 

Asset Type Description

351020 Health Care Providers & Services

351030 Health Care Technology

352010 Biotechnology

352020 Pharmaceuticals

352030 Life Sciences Tools & Services

401010 Banks

401020 Thrifts & Mortgage Finance

402010 Diversified Financial Services

402020 Consumer Finance

402030 Capital Markets

402040 Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

403010 Insurance

451020 IT Services

451030 Software

452010 Communications Equipment

452020 Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals

452030 Electronic Equipment, Instruments & Components

453010 Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment

501010 Diversified Telecommunication Services

501020 Wireless Telecommunication Services

502010 Media

502020 Entertainment

502030 Interactive Media & Services

551010 Electric Utilities

551020 Gas Utilities

551030 Multi-Utilities

551040 Water Utilities

551050 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

601010 Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

601020 Real Estate Management & Development

SCHEDULE X 

To Facility Agreement 

FORM
OF TRANSACTION SUMMARY 

[Intentionally Omitted] 

SCHEDULE XI 

APPROVED VALUATION AGENT 

[Intentionally Omitted] 

SCHEDULE XII 

DIVERSITY SCORE CALCULATION 

The Diversity Score is calculated as follows: 

(a) An Issuer Par Amount is calculated for each issuer of a Loan, and is equal to the aggregate principal balance of all the
Loans issued by that issuer and all Affiliates. 

(b) An AverageParAmount is calculated by
summing the Issuer Par Amounts for all issuers, and dividing by the number of issuers. 

(c) An EquivalentUnitScore is calculated for each issuer, and is equal to the lesser of (x) one and (y) the Issuer Par Amount for such issuer divided by the Average Par Amount. 

(d) An AggregateIndustryEquivalentUnitScore is then calculated for
each of the Industries, shown on Schedule IX, and is equal to the sum of the Equivalent Unit Scores for each issuer in such Industry. 

(e)
An IndustryDiversityScore is then established for each Industry, shown on Schedule IX, by reference to the following table for the related Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score; provided that if
any Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score falls between any two such scores, the applicable Industry Diversity Score will be the lower of the two Industry Diversity Scores: 

Aggregate

Industry

Equivalent

Unit Score Industry

Diversity

Score Aggregate

Industry

Equivalent

Unit Score Industry

Diversity

Score Aggregate

Industry

Equivalent

Unit Score Industry

Diversity

Score Aggregate

Industry

Equivalent

Unit Score Industry

Diversity

Score 

0.0000 0.0000 5.0500 2.7000 10.1500 4.0200 15.2500 4.5300 

0.0500 0.1000 5.1500 2.7333 10.2500 4.0300 15.3500 4.5400 

0.1500 0.2000 5.2500 2.7667 10.3500 4.0400 15.4500 4.5500 

0.2500 0.3000 5.3500 2.8000 10.4500 4.0500 15.5500 4.5600 

0.3500 0.4000 5.4500 2.8333 10.5500 4.0600 15.6500 4.5700 

0.4500 0.5000 5.5500 2.8667 10.6500 4.0700 15.7500 4.5800 

0.5500 0.6000 5.6500 2.9000 10.7500 4.0800 15.8500 4.5900 

0.6500 0.7000 5.7500 2.9333 10.8500 4.0900 15.9500 4.6000 

0.7500 0.8000 5.8500 2.9667 10.9500 4.1000 16.0500 4.6100 

0.8500 0.9000 5.9500 3.0000 11.0500 4.1100 16.1500 4.6200 

0.9500 1.0000 6.0500 3.0250 11.1500 4.1200 16.2500 4.6300 

1.0500 1.0500 6.1500 3.0500 11.2500 4.1300 16.3500 4.6400 

1.1500 1.1000 6.2500 3.0750 11.3500 4.1400 16.4500 4.6500 

1.2500 1.1500 6.3500 3.1000 11.4500 4.1500 16.5500 4.6600 

1.3500 1.2000 6.4500 3.1250 11.5500 4.1600 16.6500 4.6700 

1.4500 1.2500 6.5500 3.1500 11.6500 4.1700 16.7500 4.6800 

1.5500 1.3000 6.6500 3.1750 11.7500 4.1800 16.8500 4.6900 

1.6500 1.3500 6.7500 3.2000 11.8500 4.1900 16.9500 4.7000 

Aggregate

Industry

Equivalent

Unit Score Industry

Diversity

Score Aggregate

Industry

Equivalent

Unit Score Industry

Diversity

Score Aggregate

Industry

Equivalent

Unit Score Industry

Diversity

Score Aggregate

Industry

Equivalent

Unit Score Industry

Diversity

Score 

1.7500 1.4000 6.8500 3.2250 11.9500 4.2000 17.0500 4.7100 

1.8500 1.4500 6.9500 3.2500 12.0500 4.2100 17.1500 4.7200 

1.9500 1.5000 7.0500 3.2750 12.1500 4.2200 17.2500 4.7300 

2.0500 1.5500 7.1500 3.3000 12.2500 4.2300 17.3500 4.7400 

2.1500 1.6000 7.2500 3.3250 12.3500 4.2400 17.4500 4.7500 

2.2500 1.6500 7.3500 3.3500 12.4500 4.2500 17.5500 4.7600 

2.3500 1.7000 7.4500 3.3750 12.5500 4.2600 17.6500 4.7700 

2.4500 1.7500 7.5500 3.4000 12.6500 4.2700 17.7500 4.7800 

2.5500 1.8000 7.6500 3.4250 12.7500 4.2800 17.8500 4.7900 

2.6500 1.8500 7.7500 3.4500 12.8500 4.2900 17.9500 4.8000 

2.7500 1.9000 7.8500 3.4750 12.9500 4.3000 18.0500 4.8100 

2.8500 1.9500 7.9500 3.5000 13.0500 4.3100 18.1500 4.8200 

2.9500 2.0000 8.0500 3.5250 13.1500 4.3200 18.2500 4.8300 

3.0500 2.0333 8.1500 3.5500 13.2500 4.3300 18.3500 4.8400 

3.1500 2.0667 8.2500 3.5750 13.3500 4.3400 18.4500 4.8500 

3.2500 2.1000 8.3500 3.6000 13.4500 4.3500 18.5500 4.8600 

3.3500 2.1333 8.4500 3.6250 13.5500 4.3600 18.6500 4.8700 

3.4500 2.1667 8.5500 3.6500 13.6500 4.3700 18.7500 4.8800 

3.5500 2.2000 8.6500 3.6750 13.7500 4.3800 18.8500 4.8900 

3.6500 2.2333 8.7500 3.7000 13.8500 4.3900 18.9500 4.9000 

3.7500 2.2667 8.8500 3.7250 13.9500 4.4000 19.0500 4.9100 

3.8500 2.3000 8.9500 3.7500 14.0500 4.4100 19.1500 4.9200 

3.9500 2.3333 9.0500 3.7750 14.1500 4.4200 19.2500 4.9300 

4.0500 2.3667 9.1500 3.8000 14.2500 4.4300 19.3500 4.9400 

4.1500 2.4000 9.2500 3.8250 14.3500 4.4400 19.4500 4.9500 

4.2500 2.4333 9.3500 3.8500 14.4500 4.4500 19.5500 4.9600 

4.3500 2.4667 9.4500 3.8750 14.5500 4.4600 19.6500 4.9700 

4.4500 2.5000 9.5500 3.9000 14.6500 4.4700 19.7500 4.9800 

4.5500 2.5333 9.6500 3.9250 14.7500 4.4800 19.8500 4.9900 

4.6500 2.5667 9.7500 3.9500 14.8500 4.4900 19.9500 5.0000 

4.7500 2.6000 9.8500 3.9750 14.9500 4.5000 

4.8500 2.6333 9.9500 4.0000 15.0500 4.5100 

4.9500 2.6667 10.0500 4.0100 15.1500 4.5200 

(f) The Diversity Score is then calculated by summing each of the Industry Diversity Scores for each Industry
shown on Schedule IX. 

(g) For purposes of calculating the Diversity Score, affiliated issuers in the same industry are deemed to be a
single issuer. 

Annex A 

ABPCIC Funding VI LLC 

as Borrower 

c/o AllianceBernstein 

1345 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10105 

Attention: Wesley Raper 

Email: wesley.raper@abglobal.com 

AB Private Credit Investors
LLC 

as Collateral Manager 

1345 Avenue of
the Americas 

New York, New York 10105 

Attention: Howard
Sprau 

Email: abloannotices@alliancebernstein.com 

Alter
Domus (US) LLC 

as Loan Agent 

225 W.
Washington Street, 9th Floor 

Chicago, Illinois 60606 

Attention: Legal Department Agency, Emily Ergang Pappas and Jonathan Lam 

Email: legal_agency@alterdomus.com, emily.ergangpappas@alterdomus.com and jonathan.lam@alterdomus.com 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Holland & Knight LLP 

150 N. Riverside Plaza, Suite 2700

Chicago, Illinois 60606 

Attention: Joshua M. Spencer 

Email: joshua.spencer@hklaw.com and alterdomus@hklaw.com 

NatWest Markets Plc 

as Lender 

c/o NatWest Markets Plc 

250 Bishopsgate London EC2M 4AA 

Email: privatefinancingsecuritisedproductscorporates@natwestmarkets.com; and secsupportconduit@natwestmarkets.com 

Attention: CLO Structuring Desk 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY,
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

as Collateral Agent 

214 North Tryon Street, 26th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202-1078 

Attention: Erica C Ross

Email: erica.ross@usbank.com 

U.S. Bank National Association 

as Document Custodian 

1719 Otis Way 

Florence, South Carolina 29501 

Attention: Steven Garrett 

Telephone: (843) 673-0162

Facsimile: (843) 676-8901

Email: steven.garrett@usbank.com 

Reference: ABPCIC Funding VI
LLC 

Annex B 

Lender Commitment 

NatWest Markets Plc $ 75,000,000
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d944278dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

SECURITIES ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREEMENT 

among 

ABPCIC FUNDING VI LLC,

as Debtor 

AB PRIVATE
CREDIT INVESTORS LLC, 

as Collateral Manager 

and 

NATWEST MARKETS PLC,

as Lead Lender 

U.S.
BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Collateral Agent 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 

as Securities Intermediary 

Dated
as of March 21, 2025 

SECURITIES ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREEMENT 

THIS SECURITIES ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREEMENT (as amended, modified, waived, supplemented or restated from time to time, the
Agreement) dated as of March 21, 2025 among ABPCIC FUNDING VI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower under the Facility Agreement (as hereinafter defined) (the Debtor), U.S. BANK TRUST
COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as collateral agent under the Facility Agreement (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent), NATWEST MARKETS PLC, as lead lender under the Facility Agreement (in such
capacity, the Lead Lender), U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as securities intermediary hereunder (in such capacity, the Securities Intermediary), and AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as collateral manager under the Facility Agreement, acting on behalf of the Debtor (the Collateral Manager). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned
to them in that certain Facility Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2025 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, the Facility Agreement), by and among the Debtor, as borrower, the Collateral Manager,
each of the Lenders from time to time party thereto, the Lead Lender, Alter Domus (US) LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the loan agent, the Collateral Agent and U.S. Bank National Association as document custodian. All references herein
to the UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York. 

Section 1.Establishment of Securities Accounts. 

(a) Pursuant to Sections 6.4(f). 6.4(g) and 6.4(h) of the Facility Agreement, the
Debtor and the Collateral Manager have directed the Collateral Agent to establish, and the Collateral Agent has established, each of the accounts listed on Schedule I (such accounts each of which are intended to be a securities
account as defined in Section 8-501 of the UCC and any successor accounts, the Securities Accounts), each to be maintained by the Collateral Agent as the Securities Intermediary
in the name of ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The Collateral Agent shall be the entitlement holder within the meaning of
Section 8-102(a)(7) of the UCC in respect of all financial assets (used herein as defined in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC) credited to any Securities
Account. The Securities Intermediarys services hereunder shall be conducted through its corporate trust services division (including, as applicable, any agents or affiliates utilized thereby). 

(b) The Securities Intermediary hereby confirms and agrees that: 

(i) it shall not change the name or account number of any of the Securities Accounts or add any additional accounts or
subaccounts as Securities Accounts hereunder without the prior written consent of the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender); 

- 2 - 

(ii) all securities or other property (such securities or other property
being sometimes called Subject Financial Assets) underlying any financial assets (as hereinafter defined) credited to the Securities Accounts shall be registered in the name of the Securities Intermediary or if Subject Financial
Assets are registered in the name of the Debtor or the Collateral Agent, Subject Financial Assets shall be Indorsed to the Securities Intermediary or in blank and in no case will any Subject Financial Assets credited to any Securities Account be
registered in the name of the Debtor or the Collateral Agent, payable to the order of the Debtor or the Collateral Agent or specially Indorsed to the Debtor or the Collateral Agent, except to the extent the foregoing Subject Financial Assets have
been specially Indorsed to the Securities Intermediary or in blank; 

(iii) all property (including Permitted Investments)
delivered to the Securities Intermediary pursuant to the Facility Agreement will be promptly credited to the appropriate Securities Account as required by the Facility Agreement; 

(iv) each Securities Account is an account to which financial assets are or may be credited, and the Securities Intermediary
shall, subject to the terms of this Agreement, treat each of the Debtor and the Collateral Manager as entitled to exercise the rights that comprise any financial asset credited to each such account; 

(v) the Securities Intermediary shall promptly deliver copies of all statements, confirmations and other correspondence
concerning any financial assets credited to the Securities Accounts and copies of monthly statements concerning the Securities Accounts to the Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Debtor), the Collateral Agent and the Lead Lender at the address for
each set forth in Section 9 of this Agreement; and 

(vi) notwithstanding the intent of the
parties hereto and of the parties to the Facility Agreement, to the extent that any Account shall be determined to constitute a deposit account within the meaning of Section 9- 102(a)(29) of
the UCC, the Securities Intermediary (A) shall treat the Debtor as the Security Intermediarys sole customer (within the meaning of Section 9-104 of the UCC) with respect to such
deposit account, and (B) shall comply with instructions from the Debtor or from the Collateral Manager, which may, in each case, be in the form of standing instructions, without any consent by the Collateral Agent or any other Person;
provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, at such time as the Securities Intermediary receives a Notice of Exclusive Control (as defined in Section 3(c)), the Securities Intermediary shall take direction and
instruction with respect to such Account solely from the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender). 

Section 2.Financial Assets Election. The Securities Intermediary hereby agrees that each item of
property (including, without limitation, any investment property, financial asset, instrument, security or cash) credited to any Securities Account shall be treated as a financial asset within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC; provided, however, that the Securities Intermediary shall not be required to treat as a financial asset any asset in the nature of a general intangible (as defined
in Section 9-102(a)(42) of the UCC) or to maintain a sufficient quantity thereof. Notwithstanding any term hereof or elsewhere to the contrary, it is hereby expressly acknowledged that
(a) interests in bank loans or participations (collectively Loan 

- 3 - 

Assets) may be acquired and delivered by the Debtor to the Securities Intermediary from time to time which are not evidenced by, or accompanied by delivery of, a security (as that
term is defined in Section 8-102(a)(15) of the UCC) or an instrument (as that term is defined in Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC), and may be evidenced solely
by delivery to the Securities Intermediary of a facsimile copy of an assignment agreement (a Loan Assignment Agreement) in favor of the Debtor as assignee, (b) any such Loan Assignment Agreement (and the registration of the
related Loan Assets on the books and records of the applicable obligor or bank agent) shall be registered in the name of the Debtor and (c) any duty on the part of the Securities Intermediary with respect to such Loan Asset (including in
respect of any duty it might otherwise have to maintain a sufficient quantity of such Loan Asset for purposes of UCC Section 8-504) shall be limited to the exercise of reasonable care by the Securities
Intermediary in the physical custody of any such Loan Assignment Agreement that may be delivered to it; provided that the Securities Intermediary or the Document Custodian shall hold such Loan Assets as required by Section 8.2 of the Credit
Agreement. It is acknowledged and agreed that the Securities Intermediary is not under a duty to examine underlying credit agreements or loan documents to determine the validity or sufficiency of any Loan Assignment Agreement (and shall have no
responsibility for the genuineness or completeness thereof), or for the Debtors title to any related Loan Asset. 

Section 3.Entitlement Orders. 

(a) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3, the Securities Intermediary will comply with entitlement orders
(as defined in Section 8-102(a)(8) of the UCC) (Entitlement Orders) originated by the Debtor or by the Collateral Manager without further consent by the Collateral Agent. 

(b) If at any time the Securities Intermediary shall receive any Entitlement Order from the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the
Lead Lender) directing transfer or redemption of any financial asset in any Securities Account, the Securities Intermediary shall comply with such Entitlement Order without further consent by the Debtor, the Collateral Manager or any other Person.
Without limiting the foregoing, the parties hereto agree that the Securities Intermediary will comply with the following with respect to any Entitlement Order: (i) until its receipt of a Notice of Exclusive Control (as defined in
Section 3(c)), with respect to the financial assets in the Securities Accounts and without further consent of any other party, the investment of cash received into the Securities Accounts may be invested in Permitted
Investments selected by the Debtor or by the Collateral Manager; and (ii) from and after its receipt of Notice of Exclusive Control (as defined in Section 3(c)), with respect to the financial assets in the Securities
Accounts and without further consent of any other party, the investment of cash received into the Securities Accounts may be invested in Permitted Investments selected by the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender). 

(c) If the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) notifies the Securities Intermediary in writing that the Collateral
Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) will exercise exclusive control substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto over the Securities Accounts (a Notice of Exclusive Control), the Securities Intermediary, upon
receipt of such notice, will comply with all Entitlement Orders and other directions it receives from the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) directing the Securities Intermediary to transfer or redeem any property in any
Securities Account without further consent by the Debtor, 

- 4 - 

the Collateral Manager or any other Person and will cease complying with Entitlement Orders or other directions concerning the Securities Accounts originated by the Debtor, the Collateral Manager
or any other Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing the Lead Lender agrees that it will direct the Collateral Agent to exercise any Notice of Exclusive Control only pursuant to the terms of the Facility Agreement. 

(d) In the event the Securities Intermediary receives instructions from the Debtor to effect a securities transaction as contemplated in 12 CFR
12.1, the Debtor acknowledges that upon its written request and at no additional cost, it has the right to receive the notification from the Securities Intermediary after the completion of such transaction as contemplated in 12 CFR 12.4(a) or (b).
The Debtor agrees that, absent specific request, such notifications shall not be provided by the Securities Intermediary hereunder, and in lieu of such notifications, the Collateral Agent shall make available the reports and account statements in
the manner required by the Facility Agreement. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything herein or any other Transaction Document to the contrary, the
Collateral Manager shall have no authority to hold (directly or indirectly), or otherwise take possession of, any funds or securities in any Securities Account. Without limiting the foregoing, the Collateral Manager shall have no authority to
(i) sign checks on the Borrowers behalf, (ii) deduct fees from any Securities Account, (iii) withdraw funds or securities from any Securities Account, or (iv) give the Securities Intermediary any entitlement
orders or any other instruction relating to the Securities Accounts for any purpose other than pursuant to transactions authorized by the Facility Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. Nothing in this Section 3(e) shall prohibit
the Collateral Manager from issuing instructions to the Collateral Agent or Securities Intermediary to effect or to settle any bills of sale, assignments, agreements, investment instructions and other instruments in connection with any acquisition,
sale or other disposition of any Collateral of the Borrower as permitted by the Facility Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. 

Section 4.Subordination of Lien; Waiver of Set-Off. In the
event that the Securities Intermediary has or subsequently obtains by agreement, by operation of law or otherwise a security interest in any of the Securities Accounts or any financial assets, funds, cash, security entitlement or other property
credited thereto, the Securities Intermediary hereby agrees that such security interest shall be subordinated to the security interest of the Collateral Agent. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the financial assets and other items credited to
any of the Securities Accounts will not be subject to deduction, set-off, bankers lien, or any other right in favor of any Person other than the Collateral Agent (except that the Securities Intermediary
may set off (i) all amounts due to the Securities Intermediary in respect of customary fees and expenses for the routine maintenance and operation of each Securities Account, and (ii) the face amount of any checks and reversals or
cancellations of payment orders and other electronic fund transfers that have been credited to any Securities Account but are subsequently returned unpaid because of uncollected or insufficient funds). 

Section 5.Choice of Law. Both this Agreement and the Securities Accounts shall be governed by the
laws of the State of New York. Regardless of any provision in any other agreement, for purposes of the UCC, New York shall be deemed to be the Securities Intermediarys jurisdiction and the Securities Accounts (as well as the security
entitlements related thereto) shall 

- 5 - 

be governed by the laws of the State of New York. To the extent that any Securities Account (into which cash is credited as set forth herein) is
re-characterized as a deposit account (within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(29) of the UCC), New York shall be deemed to be the banks
jurisdiction (within the meaning of Section 9-304(b) of the UCC). The parties further agree that the law applicable to all the issues in Article 2(1) of The Hague Convention on the Law Applicable to
Certain Rights in Respect of Securities Held with an Intermediary (the Hague Securities Convention) shall be the law of the State of New York and the Facility Agreement and this Agreement shall collectively constitute the
Account Agreement as such term is used and defined in, and for all purposes under, the Hague Securities Convention. 

Section 6.Conflict with Other Agreements. 

(a) In the event of any conflict between this Agreement (or any portion thereof) and any other agreement now existing or hereafter entered
into, the terms of the Facility Agreement shall prevail. 

(b) No amendment or modification of this Agreement or waiver of any right
hereunder shall be binding on any party hereto unless it is in writing and is signed by all of the parties hereto. 

(c) The Securities
Intermediary hereby confirms and agrees that: 

(i) Except for this Agreement, it has not entered into any other agreement
with respect to the Securities Accounts; 

(ii) It has not entered into, and until the termination of this Agreement will
not enter into, any agreement with any other Person relating to the Securities Accounts and/or any financial assets credited thereto pursuant to which it has agreed to comply with Entitlement Orders of such other Person; and 

(iii) It has not entered into, and until the termination of this agreement will not enter into, any agreement with the Debtor
or the Collateral Agent purporting to limit or condition the obligation of the Securities Intermediary to comply with Entitlement Orders as set forth in Section 3 hereof. 

Section 7.Adverse Claims. Except for the claims and interest of the Collateral Agent and of the
Debtor in the Securities Accounts, the Securities Intermediary does not know of any claim to, or interest in, any Securities Account or in any financial asset credited thereto. If any Person asserts any lien, encumbrance or adverse claim (including
any writ, garnishment, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process) against any Securities Account or in any financial asset credited thereto, the Securities Intermediary will promptly notify the Collateral Agent, the Collateral
Manager, the Lead Lender and Debtor thereof. 

Section 8.Successors; Assignment. The terms of this
Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors or heirs and personal representatives who obtain such rights solely by operation of law. The Collateral Agent may assign its
rights hereunder only with the express written consent of the Lead Lender and the Securities Intermediary and by sending written notice of such assignment to the Debtor 

- 6 - 

and to the Collateral Manager. In the event that the Collateral Agent is replaced as Collateral Agent under the Facility Agreement, any entity that succeeds to such role shall be entitled to the
benefits of this Agreement. Any Person (i) into which the Securities Intermediary may be merged or consolidated, (ii) that may result from any merger or consolidation to which the Securities Intermediary shall be a party, or
(iii) that may succeed to the properties and assets of the Securities Intermediary substantially as a whole, or that may succeed to substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Securities Intermediary, shall be the successor to the
Securities Intermediary under this Agreement without further act on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement except where an instrument of transfer or assignment is required by law to effect such succession. 

Section 9.Notices. Any notice, request or other communication required or permitted to be given under
this Agreement shall be in writing (including communication by e-mail and facsimile copy) and mailed, e-mailed, faxed, transmitted or delivered, as to each party hereto
at the address set forth below. All such notices and communications shall be effective, upon receipt, or in the case of (a) notice by mail, five (5) days after being deposited in the United States mail, first class postage prepaid,
(b) notice by e-mail, when verbal or electronic communication of receipt is obtained, or (c) notice by facsimile copy, when verbal communication of receipt is obtained. 

Debtor: ABPCIC Funding VI LLC

c/o AllianceBernstein

1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10105

Attention: Wesley Raper

Phone: (512) 721-2925

Collateral AB Private Credit Investors LLC

Manager: 1345 Avenue of the Americas

New York, New York 10105

Attention: Howard Sprau

Phone: (212) 823-3135

Email: abloannotices@alliancebernstein.com

Lead NatWest Markets Plc

Lender: c/o NatWest Markets Plc

250 Bishopsgate

London EC2M 4AA

Email: privatefinancingsecuritisedproductscorporates@natwestmarkets.com; and secsupportconduit@natwestmarkets.com

Attention: CLO Structuring Desk

Collateral U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association

Agent: 214 North Tryon Street, 26th Floor

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202-1078

Attention: Erica C Ross

Email: AB.RMs@usbank.com; erica.ross@usbank.com

- 7 - 

Securities U.S. Bank National Association

Intermediary: 214 North Tryon Street, 26th Floor

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202-1078

Attention: Erica C Ross

Email: AB.RMs@usbank.com; erica.ross@usbank.com

Any party may change its address for notices in the manner set forth above. 

Section 10.Termination. The obligations of the Securities Intermediary to the Collateral Agent
pursuant to this Agreement shall continue in effect until the security interests of the Collateral Agent in the Securities Accounts have been terminated pursuant to the terms of the Facility Agreement and the Collateral Agent has notified the
Securities Intermediary of such termination in writing. The Collateral Agent agrees to provide a written notice of termination in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto to the Securities Intermediary upon the request of the Debtor or of the
Collateral Manager on or after the termination of the Collateral Agents security interest in the Securities Accounts pursuant to the terms of the Facility Agreement. The termination of this Agreement shall not terminate any Securities Account
or alter the obligations of the Securities Intermediary to the Debtor or to the Collateral Manager pursuant to any other agreement with respect to any Securities Account. 

Section 11.Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Securities Intermediary. The Securities
Intermediary hereby makes the following representations, warranties and covenants: 

(a) The Securities Accounts have been established as
set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement and will be maintained in the manner set forth herein until the termination of this Agreement; 

(b) This Agreement is the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Securities Intermediary; 

(c) The Securities Intermediary is a securities intermediary within the meaning of
Section 8-102(a) of the UCC and, to the extent any Securities Account is determined to be a deposit account (within the meaning of
Section 9-102(a)(29) of the UCC), a bank (within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(8) of the UCC); and 

(d) The Securities Intermediary has an office located in the United States of America that is not a temporary office that engages in the
business or other regular activity of maintaining securities accounts and meets the description set forth in the second sentence of Article 4(1) of the Hague Securities Convention. 

Section 12.Indemnification of Securities Intermediary. The Debtor, the Collateral Manager, the Lead
Lender and the Collateral Agent hereby agree that (a) the Securities Intermediary is released from any and all liabilities to the Debtor, the Collateral Manager, the Lead Lender and the Collateral Agent arising from the terms of this Agreement
and the compliance of 

- 8 - 

the Securities Intermediary with the terms hereof, except to the extent that such liabilities arise from the Securities Intermediarys gross negligence or willful misconduct and (b) the
Debtor and its successors and assigns shall at all times indemnify and save harmless the Securities Intermediary from and against any loss, liability or expense (including, without limitation, attorneys fees and expenses) incurred without
gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Securities Intermediary or its officers, directors or agents arising out of or in connection with the execution and performance of this Agreement or the maintenance of the Securities
Accounts, including the costs and expenses of defending themselves against any claim or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of their powers or duties hereunder, until the termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement, in no event shall the Securities Intermediary be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, lost profits), even if the Securities
Intermediary has been advised of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. If the Debtor has made any indemnity payment pursuant to this Section 12 and such payment has fully indemnified the recipient
thereof and the recipient thereafter collects any payment from others in respect of such indemnified amounts, then the recipient will repay to the Debtor an amount equal to such amount it has collected from others in respect of such indemnified
amounts. The indemnities in this Section 12 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

For the avoidance
of doubt, the Collateral Agent shall have all the rights, protections, immunities and indemnities provided to the Collateral Agent under the Facility Agreement when taking any actions hereunder. In addition to the rights set forth herein, the
Securities Intermediary shall be entitled to all the rights, protections, immunities and indemnities provided to the Collateral Agent under the Facility Agreement when taking any actions hereunder; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not be
construed to impose upon the Securities Intermediary, in any of its capacities, any of the duties or standards of care of the Collateral Agent. 

Section 13.Limited Recourse and No Petition. The parties hereto acknowledge that the payment of all
amounts (if any) pursuant to this Agreement shall be due and payable only from and to the extent of the Collateral in accordance with the priorities set forth in the Facility Agreement and only to the extent funds are available for payments in
accordance with such priorities. The parties hereto other than the Debtor further agree that they will not have any recourse against the Debtor or its partners, shareholders, directors, members, managers, officers, employees and agents for any such
amounts. Each of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Manager, the Lead Lender and the Securities Intermediary hereby agrees that it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, the Debtor any case, action or
proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to any Insolvency Event so long as there shall not have elapsed one year and one day (or such longer preference period as shall then be in effect) since the Termination Date. The
provisions of this Section 13 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

Section 14.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which
shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any party hereto may execute this Agreement by signing and delivering one or more counterparts. This Agreement shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by
an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature; (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the federal

- 9 - 

Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and/or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant
provisions of the UCC (collectively, Signature Law), in each case to the extent applicable. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal
effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other
electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of
writings when required under the UCC or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character of the writings. 

Section 15.Amendment or Modifications. The parties hereto may amend or modify this Agreement from
time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. 

Section 16.Taxes. For the avoidance of doubt,
the Securities Accounts (including income, if any, earned on the investments of funds in such account) will be owned by the Borrower, for federal income tax purposes. Such Borrower is required to provide to the Securities Intermediary (i) an
IRS Form W-9 or appropriate IRS Form W-8 no later than the Closing Date, and (ii) any additional IRS forms (or updated versions of any previously submitted IRS
forms) or other documentation at such time or times required by Applicable Law or upon the reasonable request of the Securities Intermediary as may be necessary (i) to reduce or eliminate the imposition of U.S. withholding taxes and
(ii) to permit the Securities Intermediary to fulfill its tax reporting obligations under Applicable Law with respect to the Accounts or any amounts paid to the Borrower. If any IRS form or other documentation previously delivered becomes
obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, the Borrower shall timely provide to the Securities Intermediary accurately updated and complete versions of such IRS forms or other documentation. The Securities Intermediary shall have no liability to the
Borrower or any other person in connection with any tax withholding amounts paid or withheld from the Accounts pursuant to Applicable Law arising from the Borrowers failure to timely provide an accurate, correct and complete IRS Form W-9, an appropriate IRS Form W-8 or such other documentation contemplated under this paragraph. For the avoidance of doubt, no funds shall be invested with respect to such
Accounts absent the Securities Intermediary having first received (i) the requisite written investment direction with respect to the investment of such funds, and (ii) the IRS forms and other documentation required by this paragraph. 

Section 17.Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 

- 10 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and
delivered as of the date first above written. 

BORROWER:

ABPCIC FUNDING VI LLC

By: AB Private Credit Investors Corporation, its designated manager

By: 

/s/ Christopher Terry

Name: Christopher Terry

Title: Vice President

[SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON NEXT PAGE] 

ABPCIC Funding VI LLC 

Securities Account Control Agreement 

COLLATERAL MANAGER:

AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS LLC

By 

/s/ Christopher Terry

Name: Christopher Terry

Title: Managing Director

[SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON NEXT PAGE] 

ABPCIC Funding VI LLC 

Securities Account Control Agreement 

SECURITIES INTERMEDIARY:

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: 

/s/ Scott DeRoss

Name: Scott DeRoss

Title: Senior Vice President

COLLATERAL AGENT:

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By: 

/s/ Scott DeRoss

Name: Scott DeRoss

Title: Senior Vice President

[SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON NEXT PAGE] 

ABPCIC Funding VI LLC 

Securities Account Control Agreement 

LEAD LENDER:

NATWEST MARKETS PLC

By: 

/s/ Amit Malhotra

Name: Amit Malhotra

Title: Authorized Signatory

ABPCIC Funding VI LLC 

Securities Account Control Agreement 

Exhibit A 

[Form of Notice of Exclusive Control] 

[Letterhead of U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association] 

NOTICE OF EXCLUSIVE CONTROL 

[Date] 

U.S. Bank National
Association, as Securities Intermediary 

214 North Tryon Street, 26th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202-1078 

Attention: Erica C Ross

Email: AB.RMs@usbank.com; erica.ross@usbank.com 

Ladies and
Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to the Securities Account Control Agreement dated as of March 21, 2025 (the
Agreement) among ABPCIC Funding VI LLC (the Debtor), AB Private Credit Investors LLC, as Collateral Manager, NatWest Markets Plc, as Lead Lender and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral
agent under the Facility Agreement, as secured party (the Secured Party) and U.S. Bank National Association, as securities intermediary (the Securities Intermediary) relating to each of the Securities Accounts
as described in the Agreement (the Pledged Accounts). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Agreement. 

The undersigned hereby delivers to you this Notice of Exclusive Control pursuant to Section 3 of the Agreement and certifies that a
Termination Event under the Facility Agreement has occurred and is continuing. Following your receipt of this Notice of Exclusive Control, you shall comply with only such instructions and entitlement orders relating to the Pledged Accounts as are
originated by the undersigned (and not those originated by the Debtor), and with instructions originated by the undersigned directing disposition of funds in the Pledged Accounts (and not those originated by the Debtor) until the rescission of this
Notice of Exclusive Control. The undersigned agrees to promptly rescind this Notice of Exclusive Control following the waiver or rescission of such Termination Event under the Facility Agreement. 

Very truly yours,

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

in its capacity as Collateral Agent under the Facility Agreement, as Secured
Party

By 

Name:

Title:

ABPCIC Funding VI LLC 

Securities Account Control Agreement 

Exhibit B 

[Date] 

U.S. Bank National Association, as
Securities Intermediary 

214 North Tryon Street, 26th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202-1078 

Attention: Erica C Ross

Email: AB.RMs@usbank.com; erica.ross@usbank.com 

Re: Termination of Securities Account Control Agreement

You are hereby notified that the Securities Account Control Agreement among you, ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as the debtor, AB Private Credit
Investors LLC, as collateral manager, NatWest Markets Plc, as lead lender and the undersigned (a copy of which is attached) is terminated and that you have no further obligations to the undersigned pursuant to such agreement. Notwithstanding any
previous instructions to you, you are hereby instructed to accept all future directions with respect to Securities Account number _____________ from [debtor]. This notice terminates any obligations you may have to the undersigned with respect to
such account; however nothing contained in this notice shall alter any obligations that you may otherwise owe to [debtor] pursuant to any other agreement. 

You are instructed to deliver a copy of this notice by email to [debtor] at [email]. 

Very truly yours,

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as Collateral Agent under the Facility Agreement, as Secured Party

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

SCHEDULE I 

List of Accounts 

Interest Collections Account: Account No.: 117842-201

Principal Collections Account: Account No.: 117842-202

Unfunded Exposure Account: Account No.: 117842-300

Reinvestment Account: Account No.: 117842-203
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d944278dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT

by and between 

AB
PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS CORPORATION, 

as the Seller 

and 

ABPCIC FUNDING VI LLC,

as the Buyer 

Dated as of
March 21, 2025 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1 

Section 1.01 Definitions 1 

Section 1.02 Other Terms 3 

Section 1.03 Computation of Time Periods 4 

Section 1.04 Interpretation 4 

Section 1.05 References 4 

Section 1.06 Calculations 5 

ARTICLE II TRANSFER OF LOANS 5 

Section 2.01 Sale, Transfer and Assignment 5 

Section 2.02 Purchase Price 8 

Section 2.03 Payment of Purchase Price 8 

ARTICLE III CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 9 

Section 3.01 Conditions Precedent to Closing 9 

Section 3.02 Conditions Precedent to all Purchases 10 

Section 3.03 Release of Excluded Amounts 11 

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 11 

Section 4.01 Representations and Warranties Regarding the Seller 11 

Section 4.02 Representations and Warranties of the Seller Relating to the Agreement and the Collateral 16 

Section 4.03 Representations and Warranties Regarding the Buyer 16 

Section 4.04 Ordinary Course of Business 18 

ARTICLE V COVENANTS 18 

Section 5.01 Affirmative Covenants of the Seller 18 

Section 5.02 Negative Covenants of the Seller 20 

ARTICLE VI OPTION TO REPURCHASE LOANS 21 

Section 6.01 [Reserved] 21 

Section 6.02 Sellers Optional Right to Repurchase Loans 21 

ARTICLE VII INDEMNIFICATION BY THE SELLER 21 

Section 7.01 Indemnification 21 

Section 7.02 Liabilities to Obligors 22 

Section 7.03 Operation of Indemnities 22 

ARTICLE VIII TERM AND TERMINATION 22 

Section 8.01 Termination 22 

-i- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

(continued) 

Page 

ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 22 

Section 9.01 Amendments and Waivers 22 

Section 9.02 Notices, Etc. 23 

Section 9.03 Binding Effect; Benefit of Agreement 23 

Section 9.04 GOVERNING LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF OBJECTION TO VENUE SERVICE OF PROCESS 23 

Section 9.05 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 24 

Section 9.06 Certain Taxes 24 

Section 9.07 Non-Petition 24 

Section 9.08 Recourse Against Certain Parties 24 

Section 9.09 Protection of Right, Title and Interest in the Collateral; Further Action Evidencing Purchases 26 

Section 9.10 Execution in Counterparts; Severability; Integration 26 

Section 9.11 Headings, Exhibits and Schedules 27 

Section 9.12 Assignment 27 

Section 9.13 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 27 

Schedule I Loans 

Exhibit A Form of Assignment 

-ii- 

PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT 

THIS PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT, dated as of March 21, 2025 (as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time,
this Agreement), is between AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS CORPORATION, a Maryland corporation (in its capacity as seller hereunder, together with its successors and assigns, the Seller) and ABPCIC FUNDING VI LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (together with its successors and assigns, the Buyer). 

WHEREAS, in the
regular course of its business, the Seller originates and/or otherwise acquires Loans; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant to this Agreement,
the Buyer desires to, on the Closing Date and from time to time thereafter, purchase certain assets from the Seller and the Seller desires to, on the Closing Date and from time to time thereafter, sell to the Buyer certain assets originated or
acquired by the Seller in its normal course of business, together with, among other things, certain related security and rights of payment thereunder. 

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto,
intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.01 Definitions. 

Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Facility Agreement, unless the
context otherwise requires. In addition, as used herein, the following defined terms shall have the following meanings: 

Agreement shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 

Authority means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority,
instrumentality, regulatory body, public body, administrative tribunal, central bank, public office, court, arbitration or mediation panel, or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or
functions of government, including the FINRA, the SEC, the stock exchanges, any Federal, state, territorial, county, municipal or other government or governmental agency, arbitrator, board, body, branch, bureau, commission, court, department,
instrumentality, master, mediator, panel, referee, system or other political unit or subdivision or other entity of any of the foregoing, whether domestic or foreign. 

Buyer shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 

Buyer Originated Obligation shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.01(b). 

Collateral shall have the meaning provided in
Section 2.01(a). 

Excluded Amounts means (a) any amount received by, on or with respect
to any Loan in the Collateral, which amount is attributable to the payment of any tax, fee or other charge imposed by any Authority on such Loan, (b) any amount representing escrows relating to taxes, insurance and other amounts in connection
with any Loan which is held in an escrow account for the benefit of the related Obligor and the secured party (other than the Seller in its capacity as lender with respect to such Loan) pursuant to escrow arrangements, (c) any amount with
respect to any Loan repurchased or substituted by the Seller under Article VI hereof to the extent such amount is attributable to a time after the effective date of such repurchase or substitution, (d) any Retained Fee retained by the
Seller in connection with the origination of any Loan and (e) any Equity Security related to any Loan that the Seller determines will not be transferred to the Buyer by the Seller in connection with the sale of any related Loan hereunder. 

Facility Agreement means the facility agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among AB Private Credit Investors LLC,
as the collateral manager, the Buyer, as the borrower, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, NatWest Markets Plc, as the lead lender, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as the collateral agent, U.S. Bank National
Association, as the document custodian, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as the loan agent, as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or modified from time to time. 

Governmental Authorizations means all franchises, permits, licenses, approvals, consents, orders and other authorizations
of all Authorities. 

Governmental Filings means all filings, including franchise and similar tax filings, and the
payment of all fees, assessments, interests and penalties associated with such fillings with all Authorities. 

Indemnified
Party shall have the meaning provided in Section 7.01. 

Loan List means the list of
Loans attached hereto as Schedule I, as supplemented by each list of Loans attached as Schedule I to the related assignment agreement provided by the Seller to the Buyer on each Purchase Date following the Closing Date, as such list may be further
amended, supplemented or modified from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 

Material Adverse Effect means
any event that has a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, financial condition or operations of the Seller, (b) the ability of the Seller to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents or (c) the rights,
interests, remedies or benefits available to the Lenders, the Loan Agent or the Collateral Agent under the Transaction Documents, each as determined in good faith and on a commercially reasonable basis by the Lenders. 

Net Purchased Loan Balance means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the Aggregate Principal
Balance of all Collateral sold and/or contributed to the Borrower prior to such date minus (b) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral sold and/or distributed by the Borrower to the Seller prior to such date. 

-2- 

Payment in Full means payment in full in cash of all obligations of the
Buyer (other than any unasserted contingent obligations), including without limitation all principal, interest, commitment fees, administrative expenses and fees, if any, payable under the Facility Agreement or any fee letter entered into in
connection with the Transaction Documents. 

Payment in Full Date means the date on which a Payment in Full occurs and
the Commitments are terminated. 

Purchase means a purchase or other acquisition by the Buyer of Collateral from or as
directed or referred by the Seller pursuant to Section 2.01. 

Purchase Date means any day
(including the Closing Date) on which any Loan is acquired by the Buyer from the Seller pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

Purchase Price shall have the meaning provided in Section 2.02. 

Related Contracts means all credit agreements, indentures, notes, security agreements, leases, financing statements,
guaranties, and other contracts, agreements, instruments and other papers evidencing, securing, guaranteeing or otherwise relating to any Loan or Permitted Investments or other investment with respect to any Collateral or proceeds thereof (including
the related underlying instruments), together with all of the Sellers right, title and interest in, to and under all property or assets securing or otherwise relating to any Loan or other loan or security of the Seller or Permitted Investments
or other investment with respect to any Collateral or proceeds thereof or any Related Contract. 

Repurchase Price
means, with respect to a Loan to be repurchased pursuant to Section 6.02(a) hereof, an amount equal to the fair market value with respect to such Loan.

Retained Fee means any reasonable origination, structuring or similar closing fee charged by the Person originating a loan
on behalf of its lenders for services it has performed in connection with such origination, which is not customarily made available to the lenders as part of their return with respect to such loan, and provided such Person is entitled to retain the
same in accordance with applicable law. 

Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder, all as from time to time in effect, or any successor law, rules or regulations, and any reference to any statutory or regulatory provisions shall be deemed to be a reference to any successor statutory or
regulatory provision. 

Seller shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 

Warehouse Facility means any collateralized loan financing facility or collateralized loan obligation transaction that the
Seller or any Affiliate thereof may be party to in any capacity. 

Section 1.02Other Terms. 

All accounting terms used but not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in
the United States. The symbol $ shall mean the lawful currency of the United States of America. All terms used in Article 9 of the UCC in the State of New York, and not specifically defined herein, are used herein as defined in such
Article 9. 

-3- 

Section 1.03 Computation of Time Periods. 

Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, in the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word
from means from and including, the words to and until each mean to but excluding. 

Section 1.04 Interpretation. 

In this Agreement, unless a contrary intention appears: 

(i) the singular number includes the plural number and vice versa; 

(ii) reference to any Person includes such Persons successors and assigns but, if applicable, only if such successors and
assigns are permitted by the Transaction Documents; 

(iii) references to including means including,
without limitation; 

(iv) reference to day or days without further qualification means calendar days; 

(v) unless otherwise stated, reference to any time means New York, New York time; 

(vi) references to writing include printing, typing, lithography, electronic or other means of reproducing words in
a visible form; 

(vii) reference to any agreement (including any Transaction Document), document or instrument means such
agreement, document or instrument as amended, modified, supplemented, replaced, restated, waived or extended and in effect from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and, if applicable, the terms of the other Transaction Documents, and
reference to any promissory note includes any promissory note that is an extension or renewal thereof or a substitute or replacement therefore; and 

(viii) reference to any applicable law means such applicable law as amended, modified, codified, replaced or reenacted, in
whole or in part, and in effect from time to time, including rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and reference to any Section or other provision of any applicable law means that provision of such applicable law from time to time in effect
and constituting the substantive amendment, modification, codification, replacement or reenactment of such Section or other provision. 

Section 1.05 References. 

All section references (including references to the preamble), unless otherwise indicated, shall be to Sections (and the preamble) in this
Agreement. 

-4- 

Section 1.06 Calculations. 

Except as otherwise provided herein, all interest rate and basis point calculations hereunder will be made on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual days elapsed in the relevant period and will be carried out to at least three decimal places. 

ARTICLE II 

TRANSFER OF
LOANS 

Section 2.01 Sale, Transfer and Assignment. 

(a) On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement (including the conditions to purchase set forth in Article
III), on each Purchase Date, with respect to items of Collateral conveyed by the Seller hereunder, the Seller hereby sells, transfers, assigns, sets over and otherwise conveys to the Buyer, and the Buyer hereby Purchases and takes from the
Seller all right, title and interest (whether now owned or hereafter acquired or arising and wherever located) of the Seller in the property identified in clauses (i)-(v) below and all accounts, cash and currency, chattel paper,
tangible chattel paper, electronic chattel paper, copyrights, copyright licenses, equipment, fixtures, general intangibles, instruments, commercial tort claims, deposit accounts, inventory, investment property, letter-of-credit rights, accessions, proceeds and other property consisting of, arising out of, or related to any of the following (in each case excluding the Excluded Amounts) (collectively, the
Collateral): 

(i) the Loans listed on the Loan List on the Closing Date and any additional Loans
included on the Loan List from time to time following the Closing Date pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, including all monies due, to become due or paid in respect of such Loans on and after the related Purchase Date, including but not
limited to all Collections and other recoveries thereon, in each case as they arise after the related Purchase Date; 

(ii)
all Liens with respect to the Loans referred to in clause (i) above; 

(iii) all Related Contracts with respect
to the Loans referred to in clause (i) above; 

(iv) all collateral security granted under any Related
Contracts; and 

(v) all income and proceeds of the foregoing. 

(b) In addition to the rights of the Buyer to acquire Loans from the Seller, the Buyer may fund directly any Loan directly as a primary lender
at the origination thereof (each such Loan, a Buyer Originated Obligation). 

(c) From and after each Purchase Date
following the Closing Date, the additional Loans included in the supplemented Loan List shall be deemed to be Collateral hereunder. 

-5- 

(d) On any Purchase Date with respect to the Collateral to be acquired by the Buyer on that
date, the Seller shall be deemed to, and hereby does, reaffirm and certify to the Buyer, the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, and the Lead Lender, as of such Purchase Date that each of the representations and warranties in
Section 4.02 is true and correct in all material respects as of such Purchase Date. 

(e) Except as specifically
provided in this Agreement, the sale and purchase of Collateral under this Agreement shall be without recourse to the Seller; it being understood that the Seller shall be liable to the Buyer for all representations, warranties, covenants and
indemnities made by the Seller pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, all of which obligations are limited so as not to constitute recourse to the Seller for the credit risk of the Obligors. 

(f) In connection with each Purchase of Collateral as contemplated by this Agreement, the Buyer hereby directs the Seller to, and the Seller
agrees that it will deliver in accordance with the Facility Agreement, or cause to be delivered in accordance with the Facility Agreement (on behalf of the Borrower), to the Document Custodian, as agent and custodian for the Collateral Agent, each
Loan being transferred to the Buyer on such Purchase Date in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Facility Agreement. Each item of Collateral shall be delivered to the Document Custodian by: 

(i) in the case of an Instrument or a Certificated Security represented by a Security Certificate in registered form by having
it specially Indorsed to the Collateral Agent or in blank by an effective Indorsement or registered in the name of the Collateral Agent and by (A) delivering such Instrument or Security Certificate to the Document Custodian, at its address in
Section 3.4(a) of the Facility Agreement and (B) causing the Document Custodian to maintain (on behalf of the Collateral Agent) continuous possession of such Instrument or Security Certificate; 

(ii) in the case of an Uncertificated Security, by (A) causing the Collateral Agent to become the registered owner of such
Uncertificated Security and (B) causing such registration to remain effective; 

(iii) in the case of any Security
Entitlement, by causing the Collateral Agent to have control over such Security Entitlement pursuant to the applicable Securities Account Control Agreement; and 

(iv) in the case of general intangibles (including any Loan or Permitted Investment not evidenced by an Instrument) by filing,
maintaining and continuing the effectiveness of, a financing statement naming such Borrower as debtor and the Collateral Agent as secured party and describing the Loan or Permitted Investment (as the case may be) as the collateral at the filing
office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (it being agreed that an all assets financing statement will be sufficiently descriptive for this clause (iv)). 

-6- 

If any item of Collateral is a financial asset issued by an issuer that is not the United
States of America, an agency or instrumentality thereof, or some other United States person or entity, and if such item cannot be delivered as set forth above, such item may be delivered to the Collateral Agent by causing the Collateral Agent to
hold such item in an account created and maintained in the name of the Collateral Agent with a banking or securities institution or a clearing agency or system located outside the United States such that the Collateral Agent holds a first priority,
perfected security interest in such item of Collateral. 

(g) The Seller shall take such action requested by the Buyer or the Lead Lender,
from time to time hereafter, that may be necessary or appropriate to ensure that the Buyer has an enforceable ownership interest and its assigns under the Facility Agreement have an enforceable and perfected security interest in the Collateral
Purchased by the Buyer as contemplated by this Agreement. 

(h) In connection with the Purchase by the Buyer of the Collateral as
contemplated by this Agreement, the Seller further agrees that it will, at its own expense, indicate clearly and unambiguously in its computer files and its financial statements, on or prior to each Purchase Date, that such Collateral has been
Purchased by the Buyer in accordance with this Agreement. 

(i) The Seller further agrees to deliver to the Buyer on or before each
Purchase Date a computer file containing a true, complete and correct Loan List (which shall contain the related Principal Balance, outstanding principal balance, loan number (if any) and Obligor name for each Loan) as of the related Purchase Date.
Such file or list shall be marked as Schedule I to this Agreement, shall be delivered to the Buyer as confidential and proprietary (provided that the Borrower shall be permitted to share a copy of the Loan List with the Lead Lender upon
reasonable request so long as the Lead Lender agrees to keep such Loan List confidential pursuant to Section 13.11(a) of the Facility Agreement), and is hereby incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement as such Schedule I may be
supplemented and amended from time to time. 

(j) It is the intention of the parties hereto that the conveyance of all right, title and
interest in and to the Collateral by the Seller to the Buyer as provided in this Section 2.01 shall constitute an absolute sale, conveyance and transfer conveying good title, free and clear of any Lien (other than Permitted
Liens) and that the Collateral shall not be part of the Sellers bankruptcy estate in the event of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or similar proceeding of the Seller (or in the event that a receiver, trustee,
conservator, intervenor or sequestrator or the like has been appointed with respect to the Seller). Furthermore, it is not intended that such conveyance be deemed a pledge of the Loans and the other Collateral to the Buyer to secure a debt or other
obligation of the Seller. If, however, notwithstanding the express intention of the parties to the contrary, the conveyance provided for in this Section 2.01 is determined to be a transfer for security, then this Agreement
shall also be deemed to be, and hereby is, a security agreement within the meaning of Article 9 of the UCC and (i) the Seller hereby grants to the Buyer a duly perfected, first priority security interest within the
meaning of Article 9 of the UCC in all of the Sellers right, title and interest in and to the Collateral, now existing and hereafter created, and all amounts payable to the holders of the Collateral in accordance with the terms thereof and all
the proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary, of the foregoing into cash, instruments, securities or other property, to secure the prompt and complete payment of a loan deemed to have been made in an amount equal to the aggregate
Purchase Price of the Collateral together with all of the other obligations of the Seller hereunder and (ii) the Buyer hereby assigns all of its right, title and interest in such security interest to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the
Secured Parties. The Buyer shall have, in addition to the rights and remedies which it may have under this 

-7- 

Agreement, all other rights and remedies provided to a secured creditor under the UCC and other applicable law, which rights and remedies shall be cumulative. The Seller authorizes Buyer, the
Lead Lender and the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties to file UCC financing statements naming the Seller as debtor, the Buyer as assignor secured party and the Collateral Agent as assignee secured
party, or similar applicable designations, and describing the Collateral, in each jurisdiction that the Buyer deems necessary in order to protect the security interests in the Collateral granted under this
Section 2.01. 

Section 2.02 Purchase Price. 

The purchase price for each item of Collateral sold to the Buyer under and for purposes of this Agreement shall be a dollar amount equal to the
fair market value thereof as determined from time to time by the Seller and the Buyer and each such transaction shall be on terms no less favorable to the Buyer than it would obtain in a comparable arms length transaction with a Person that is
not an Affiliate (in each case, the Purchase Price). 

Section 2.03 Payment of Purchase Price. 

(a) The Purchase Price for any Collateral acquired by the Buyer on any Purchase Date pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid in a combination
of (i) immediately available funds in cash and (ii) if the Buyer does not have sufficient funds in cash to pay the full amount of the Purchase Price (after taking into account any Advance the Buyer expects to receive pursuant to the
Facility Agreement), by means of a capital contribution by the Seller to the Buyer. 

(b) The Purchase Price for any Collateral Purchased
by the Buyer to be settled directly with a third party on any Purchase Date shall be paid in immediately available funds, which may comprise, if the Buyer does not have sufficient funds in cash to pay the full amount of the Purchase Price (after
taking into account any Advances the Buyer expects to receive pursuant to the Facility Agreement), amounts contributed by the Seller to the Buyer. 

(c) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Seller may on any Purchase Date elect to designate all or a portion of the
Collateral proposed to be transferred to the Buyer on such date as a capital contribution to the Buyer. In such event, the cash portion of the Purchase Price payable with respect to such transfer shall be reduced by that portion of the Purchase
Price of the Collateral that was so contributed; provided that Collateral contributed to the Buyer as capital shall constitute Collateral for all purposes of this Agreement. To the extent the fair market value of any Collateral purchased or
acquired by replacement and substitution by Buyer pursuant to this Agreement exceeds the amount of cash paid or other consideration exchanged therefore, such excess shall be deemed to be a capital contribution from the Seller to the Buyer. In
addition, the Seller may also elect to contribute capital to the Buyer to permit the Buyer to fund any Buyer Originated Obligation. 

(d)
The Seller, in connection with each Purchase hereunder relating to any Collateral, shall be deemed to have certified, and hereby does certify, with respect to the Collateral to be Purchased by the Buyer on such day, that its representations and
warranties contained in Article IV are true and correct in all material respects on and as of such day, with the same effect as though made on and as of such day. 

-8- 

(e) Upon the payment of the Purchase Price for any Purchase, title to the Collateral
included in such Purchase shall vest in Buyer, whether or not the conditions precedent to such Purchase and the other covenants and agreements contained herein were in fact satisfied; provided that Buyer shall not be deemed to have waived any
claim it may have under this Agreement for the failure by the Seller in fact to satisfy any such condition precedent, covenant or agreement. 

(f) The Seller and the Buyer acknowledge and agree that, solely for administrative convenience, any transfer document or assignment agreement
(or, in the case of any underlying promissory note, any chain of endorsement) required to be executed and delivered in connection with the transfer of a Loan in accordance with the terms of any Related Contracts may reflect that the seller of such
Loan is assigning such Loan directly to the Buyer. Nothing in such assignment agreements shall be deemed to impair the transfers of the Loans by the Seller to the Buyer in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Any such Loan so assigned for
administrative convenience shall be deemed sold and transferred by the related seller to the Seller and, pursuant to this Agreement, shall be sold and transferred by the Seller to the Buyer. For the avoidance of doubt, all of the provisions of this
Agreement, including without limitation the conditions precedent to all purchases, the representations and warranties of the Seller, the covenants of the Seller and the indemnity of the Seller, contained in Section 3.02,
Article IV, Article V and Article VII hereof, respectively, shall apply to the Seller with equal force with respect to any such sales and assignments for administrative convenience by any related seller to the Buyer as if such
sale and assignment was directly from the Seller to the Buyer. 

(g) Loans may be purchased or acquired from time to time by the Buyer from
the Seller or any of its Affiliates hereunder only if (i) the terms and conditions thereof are no less favorable to the Buyer than the terms it would obtain in a comparable, timely purchase or acquisition with a
non-Affiliate and (ii) the transactions are effected in accordance with all applicable laws and the Transaction Documents. 

ARTICLE III 

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT 

Section 3.01 Conditions Precedent to Closing. 

The closing hereunder of this Agreement is subject to the conditions precedent that (i) each of the conditions precedent to the execution,
delivery and effectiveness of each other Transaction Document (other than a condition precedent in any such other Transaction Document relating to the effectiveness of this Agreement) shall have been fulfilled and (ii) on or prior to the
Closing Date, the Seller shall have delivered to the Buyer each of the items specified below in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer: 

(a) Counterparts of this Agreement executed on behalf of the Seller. 

(b) Officers certificate as to solvency duly executed by an Authorized Officer of the Seller. 

-9- 

(c) Certificate from an Authorized Officer of the Seller, dated as of the date of this
Agreement, certifying as to and attaching (i) its constituent documents, (ii) its resolutions or other action of its general partner approving, among other things, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) the
incumbency and specimen signature of each of its Authorized Officers authorized to execute this Agreement and the other documents to be delivered by it hereunder (on which certificate the Buyer may conclusively rely) and (iv) a good standing
certificate from its state or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and any other state or jurisdiction in which it is qualified to do business in which the failure to be so qualified would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

(d) All corporate and legal proceedings and all instruments in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
shall be satisfactory in form and substance to the Buyer and the Lead Lender. 

(e) A good standing certificate for the Seller issued by
the Secretary of State of Delaware dated as of a date no more than ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date. 

(f) Opinions of Dechert
LLP, counsel to the Seller, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer and the Lead Lender. 

(g) Draft
UCC-1 financing statements to be filed on the Closing Date naming the Seller, as debtor, the Buyer, as assignor secured party, and the Collateral Agent, as assignee secured party, for the benefit of the
Secured Parties, describing the Collateral and meeting the requirements of the laws of each jurisdiction in which it is necessary or reasonably desirable, or in which the Seller is required by applicable law, and in such manner as is necessary or
reasonably desirable, to perfect the back-up security interest granted under Section 2.01(j). 

Section 3.02 Conditions Precedent to all Purchases. 

The obligations of the Buyer to Purchase the Collateral from the Seller on any Purchase Date shall be subject to the satisfaction of the
following conditions precedent that: 

(a) all representations and warranties of the Seller contained in Sections 4.01 and
4.02 shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date as though made on and as of such date and shall be deemed to have been made on and as of such date (unless stated to relate solely to an earlier date, in which
case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date); 

(b) the Seller
shall have delivered to the Buyer a duly completed Loan List that is true, accurate and complete in all respects as of the related Purchase Date, which list shall be as of such date incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement and an
assignment substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto; 

(c) on and as of such Purchase Date, the Seller shall have performed all of the
obligations, covenants and agreements required to be performed by it on or prior to such date pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, including ensuring that all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under
the UCC (or any comparable law) of all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect Buyers ownership interest in the Loans have been duly filed; 

-10- 

(d) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Purchase, that
constitutes a Termination Event (unless such purchase would cure such Termination Event) and the Buyer makes such Purchase in accordance with the applicable provisions hereof and of the Facility Agreement; 

(e) [reserved]; 

(f) no
applicable law shall prohibit or enjoin, and no order, judgment or decree of any federal, state or local court or governmental body, agency or instrumentality shall prohibit or enjoin, the making of any such Purchase by the Buyer in accordance with
the provisions hereof; and 

(g) all corporate and legal proceedings and all instruments in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Buyer and its assignees, and the Buyer shall have received from the Seller copies of all documents (including, without limitation, records of corporate proceedings,
approvals and opinions) relevant to the transactions herein contemplated as the Buyer may reasonably have requested. 

Section 3.03
Release of Excluded Amounts. 

The parties acknowledge and agree that the Buyer has no interest in the Excluded Amounts. Promptly
upon the receipt by or release to the Buyer of any Excluded Amounts, the Buyer hereby irrevocably agrees to deliver and release to the Seller such Excluded Amounts, which release shall be automatic and shall require no further act by the Buyer;
provided that the Buyer shall execute and deliver such instruments of release and assignment or other documents, or otherwise confirm the foregoing release of such Excluded Amounts, as may be reasonably requested by the Seller in writing.

ARTICLE IV 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 4.01 Representations and Warranties Regarding the Seller. 

As of the Closing Date and as of each Purchase Date, as applicable, the Seller represents and warrants to the Buyer for the benefit of the
Buyer and each of its successors and assigns that: 

(a) Due Organization. The Seller is a limited partnership duly formed and
validly existing under the laws of the State of Maryland, with full power and authority to own and operate its assets and properties, conduct the business in which it is now engaged and to execute and deliver and perform its obligations under this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 

(b) Due Qualification and Good Standing. The Seller is in good
standing in the State of Maryland. The Seller is duly qualified to do business and, to the extent applicable, is in good standing and has obtained all material governmental licenses and approvals as required in Maryland and each other jurisdiction
in which the failure to be so qualified, maintain good standing or obtain such license or approval, is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

-11- 

(c) Due Authorization; Execution and Delivery; Legal, Valid and Binding; Enforceability;
Valid Sale. The execution and delivery by the Seller of, and the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the other instruments, certificates and agreements contemplated
hereby and thereby are within its powers and have been duly authorized by all requisite action by it and have been duly executed and delivered by it and this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party constitute its legal,
valid and binding obligations enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, subject, as to enforcement, (A) to the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting generally the enforcement of creditors
rights as such laws would apply in the event of any bankruptcy, receivership, insolvency or similar event applicable to the Seller and (B) to general equitable principles (whether enforceability of such principles is considered in a proceeding
at law or in equity). This Agreement shall effect a valid sale, transfer and assignment of or grant of a security interest in the Loans from the Seller to the Buyer, enforceable against the Seller and creditors of and purchasers from the Seller,
subject, as to enforcement, (A) to the effect of bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights as such laws would apply in the event of any bankruptcy, receivership, insolvency or similar
event applicable to the Seller and (B) to general equitable principles (whether enforceability of such principles is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

(d) Non-Contravention. None of the execution and delivery by the Seller of this Agreement or
the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the consummation of the transactions herein or therein contemplated, or performance and compliance by it with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) contravene in
any material respect the terms of any constituent documents of the Seller, or any amendment thereof, (ii) (A) contravene in any material respect any applicable law, (B) conflict in any material respect with, or result in any breach of, any
of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, any indenture, loan, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets or (C) contravene in any material respect
any order, writ, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or any of its assets or properties or (iii) result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any contractual obligation or any agreement or document to which it
is a party or by which it or any of its assets are bound (or to which any such obligation, agreement or document relates), in each case which would have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e) Governmental Authorizations; Governmental Filings. The Seller has obtained, maintained and kept in full force and effect all
Governmental Authorizations which are necessary for it to properly carry out its business, and has made all Governmental Filings necessary for the execution and delivery by it of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a
party and the performance by the Seller of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and no Governmental Authorization or Governmental Filing which has not been obtained or made is required to be obtained or made by
it in connection with the execution and delivery by it of any Transaction Document to which it is a party or the performance of its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 

-12- 

(f) Compliance with Applicable Law. The Seller has duly observed and complied with
all applicable laws, including the Securities Act and the Investment Company Act, relating to the conduct of its business and its assets except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(g) Solvency. The Seller, at the time of and after giving effect to each conveyance of Loans hereunder and the transactions
contemplated hereunder and under the Facility Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, is solvent on and as of the date thereof. 

(h) Taxes. The Seller has filed or caused to be filed all tax returns which, to its knowledge, are required to be filed and has paid
all taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns or on any assessments made against it or any of its property and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property by any applicable Authority (other than any amount of
tax due, the validity of which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been provided on the books of the Seller); no
tax Lien has been filed and, to the Sellers knowledge, no claim is being asserted, with respect to any such tax, fee or other charge. 

(i) Place of Business; No Changes. The Sellers location (within the meaning of Article 9 of the UCC) is the State of Maryland.
The Seller has not changed its name, whether by amendment of its certificate of limited partnership, by reorganization or otherwise, and has not changed its location within the four months preceding the Closing Date. 

(j) Investment Company Status. The Seller is not required to be registered as an investment company within the meaning of
the Investment Company Act. 

(k) Sale Treatment. Other than for accounting and tax purposes, the Seller has treated the transfer of
Loans to the Buyer hereunder for all purposes as a sale and/or capital contribution and purchase on all of its relevant books and records. 

(l) Security Interest. 

(i) As described in Section 2.01(j) hereof, it is the intention of the parties hereto that the
conveyance of the Collateral to the Buyer be, and be construed as, an absolute sale without recourse. If, however, notwithstanding the intention of the parties, such conveyance is determined for any reason not to be an absolute sale, this Agreement
creates a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in favor of the Buyer in all right, title and interest of the Seller in, to and under the Loans, which security interest shall be a first priority perfected security
interest prior to all other Liens (except for Permitted Liens), and is enforceable as such against creditors of and purchasers from the Seller upon execution and delivery of this Agreement, subject, as to enforcement, (A) to the effect of
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights as such laws would apply in the event of any bankruptcy, receivership, insolvency or similar event applicable to the Seller and (B) to general
equitable principles (whether enforceability of such principles is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity); 

-13- 

(ii) the Loans, along with the Related Contracts, constitute general
intangibles, instruments, accounts, investment property or chattel paper, within the meaning of the applicable UCC; 

(iii) the Seller owns and has, and upon the sale and transfer thereof by the Seller to the Buyer, the Buyer will have good and
marketable title to such Loans free and clear of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens), claim or encumbrance of any Person; 

(iv) the Seller has received all consents and approvals required by the terms of the Loans to the sale of the Loans hereunder
to the Buyer (except (A) to the extent that the requirement for such consent is rendered ineffective under Section 9-406 of the UCC and (B) for any customary procedural requirements and
agents and/or Obligors consents expected to be obtained in due course in connection with the transfer of the Loans to the Buyer (except, in the case of clause (B), for any such agents consents where the Seller or any of its
Affiliates is the agent which the Seller has or will obtain)); 

(v) the Seller has caused the filing of all appropriate
financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the security interest in the Loans granted to the Buyer under this Agreement to the extent perfection can be achieved by
filing a financing statement; 

(vi) other than the security interest granted to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, the
Seller has not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in or otherwise conveyed any of the Loans, except in connection with its Warehouse Facilities, if any, which security interests, if any, with respect to such Loans will be released
on or prior to the applicable Purchase Date. The Seller has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements naming the Seller as debtor that include a description of collateral covering the Loans other than any financing
statement (A) relating to the security interest granted to the Buyer under this Agreement or (B) that has been terminated or for which a release or partial release has been or will be timely filed. The Seller is not aware of the filing of
any judgment or tax Lien filings against the Seller; 

(vii) except with respect to any Loan for which there is no
promissory note, all original executed copies of each promissory note that constitutes or evidences the Loans sold by the Seller hereunder have been delivered by the Seller at the direction of the Buyer as required under the Facility Agreement; and

(viii) none of the promissory notes, if any, that constitute or evidence any Loans sold by the Seller hereunder has any
marks or notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed to any Person other than the Buyer. 

(m)
Value Given. The cash payments, if any, received by the Seller, and the increase in the Sellers equity interest in the Buyer as a result of any capital contribution by the Seller to the Buyer in respect of the Purchase Price of the
Loans sold hereunder constitute reasonably equivalent value in consideration for the transfer to the Buyer of such Loans under this Agreement, such transfer was not made for or on account of an antecedent debt owed by the Seller to the Buyer, and
such transfer was not and is not voidable or subject to avoidance under any applicable bankruptcy laws. 

-14- 

(n) Bulk Transfer Laws. The transfer, assignment and conveyance of the Loans by the
Seller pursuant to this Agreement are not subject to the bulk transfer laws or any similar statutory provisions in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. 

(o) Origination and Collection Practices. The origination and collection practices used by the Seller and any of its Affiliates with
respect to each Loan prior to the Purchase Date with respect thereto have been consistent with the Collateral Management Standard. 

(p)
Lack of Intent to Hinder, Delay or Defraud. Neither the Seller nor any of its Affiliates has sold, or will sell, any interest in any Loans with any intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of their respective creditors. 

(q) Nonconsolidation. The Seller conducts its affairs such that in its capacity as designated manager of the Buyer, such that Buyer is
in compliance with the provisions of its constituent documents (provided, however, Seller does not hereby agree to maintain the solvency of the Buyer or agree to pay any of the Buyers obligations or liabilities). 

(r) No Proceedings. There is no action, suit or proceeding pending against or, to the actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the
Seller after due inquiry, threatened against or adversely affecting (i) the Seller or (ii) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, before any court, arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or official, in each case, which has
had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(s) Accuracy of Information. All written factual
information heretofore furnished by the Seller for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which the Seller is a party, or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby is, and all such written factual
information hereafter furnished by the Seller to any party to the Transaction Documents will be, accurate in all material respects, on or as of the date such information is stated or certified; provided that the Seller shall not be
responsible for, nor have any liability with respect to, any factual information furnished to it by any third party, except to the extent that a Responsible Officer of the Seller has actual knowledge that such factual information is inaccurate in
any material respect. 

The representations and warranties set forth in this Section 4.01 shall survive the sale,
transfer and assignment of the Loans to the Buyer. Upon discovery by a Responsible Officer of either the Seller or the Buyer of a breach of any of the foregoing representations and warranties, the party discovering such breach shall give prompt
written notice thereof to the other upon obtaining knowledge of such breach. 

-15- 

Section 4.02 Representations and Warranties of the Seller Relating to the
Agreement and the Collateral.

The Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date and as of each
Purchase Date: 

(a) Valid Transfer and Security Interest. This Agreement constitutes a valid transfer to the Buyer of all right,
title and interest of the Seller in, to and under all of the Collateral, free and clear of any Lien of any Person claiming through or under the Seller or its Affiliates, except for Permitted Liens. If the conveyances contemplated by this Agreement
are determined to be a transfer for security, then this Agreement constitutes a grant of a security interest in all of the Collateral to the Buyer, which security interest is a valid and first priority perfected security interest in all Collateral,
subject only to Permitted Liens. Neither the Seller nor any Person claiming through or under Seller shall have any claim to or interest in the Collection Account and if this Agreement constitutes the grant of a security interest in such property,
except for the interest of the Seller in such property as a debtor for purposes of the UCC. 

(b) Eligibility of Collateral. As of
each Purchase Date (i) the Loan List is an accurate and complete listing of all Collateral as of the related Purchase Date and the information contained therein with respect to the identity of such Collateral and the amounts owing thereunder is
true and correct as of the related Purchase Date, (ii) as of its Purchase Date, each such Loan sold by the Seller hereunder satisfies or satisfied, as applicable, the Eligibility Criteria and (iii) the representations and warranties set
forth in Section 4.02(a) are true and correct with respect to each item of Collateral. 

(c) No Fraud.
Each Loan sold by the Seller hereunder was originated without any fraud or material misrepresentation by the Seller or, to the best of the Sellers knowledge, on the part of the Obligor. 

(d) Ordinary Course of Business. Any sale of Loans pursuant to this Agreement is in the ordinary course of business and financial
affairs of the Seller. Each remittance of Collections by the Seller to the Buyer, as transferee under this Agreement, will have been made in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of the Seller and the Buyer. 

Section 4.03 Representations and Warranties Regarding the Buyer. 

By its execution of this Agreement, the Buyer represents and warrants to the Seller that: 

(a) Due Organization. The Buyer is a limited liability company duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of
Delaware, with full power and authority to own and operate its assets and properties, conduct the business in which it is now engaged and to execute and deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party. 

(b) Due Qualification and Good Standing. The Buyer is in good standing in the State of Delaware. The Buyer is
duly qualified to do business and, to the extent applicable, is in good standing and has obtained or will obtain all material governmental licenses and approval in Delaware and in each other jurisdiction in which the nature of its business, assets
and properties, including the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and its constituent documents to which it is a party, requires such qualification, except where the failure to
be so qualified, maintain good standing or obtain such license or approval is likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

-16- 

(c) Due Authorization; Execution and Delivery; Legal, Valid and Binding;
Enforceability. The execution and delivery by the Buyer of, and the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the other instruments, certificates and agreements contemplated
hereby or thereby are within its powers and this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized by all requisite action by it and have been duly executed and delivered by it and constitute its legal,
valid and binding obligations enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors
rights generally or general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

(d) Non-Contravention. None of the execution and delivery by the Buyer of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the consummation of the transactions herein or therein
contemplated, or performance and compliance by it with the terms, conditions and provisions hereof or thereof, will (i) contravene in any material respect or result in any breach of, any of the terms and provisions of, and will not constitute a
default under, its constituent documents, (ii) conflict with or contravene (A) any applicable law, (B) any indenture, agreement or other contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets, including any Related
Contract or (C) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or any of its assets or properties or (iii) result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, or permit the acceleration of
any obligation or liability in, or but for any requirement of the giving of notice or the passage of time (or both) would constitute such a conflict with, breach or violation of, or default under, or permit any such acceleration in, any contractual
obligation or any agreement or document to which it is a party or by which it or any of its assets are bound (or to which any such obligation, agreement or document relates), in each case which would have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e) Governmental Authorizations; Private Authorizations; Governmental Filings. No order, consent, approval, license, authorization, or
validation of, or filing, recording or registration with, or exemption by, any governmental or public body or authority, or any subdivision thereof, is required to authorize, or is required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance
of any Transaction Document to which the Buyer is a party or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated thereby other than those that have already been duly made or obtained and remain in full force and effect or those recordings and
filings in connection with the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent under the Transaction Documents, except for any order, consent, approval, license, authorization, or validation of, or filing, recording or registration with, or exemption, that,
if not obtained, would not, either individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(f) Sale
Treatment. Other than for accounting and tax purposes, the Buyer has treated the transfer of Loans from the Seller for all purposes as a sale and purchase on all of its relevant books and records and other applicable documents. 

-17- 

Section 4.04 Ordinary Course of Business. 

Each of the Seller and the Buyer represents and warrants to the other as to itself that in the event the conveyances of the Collateral provided
for in Section 2.01(a) of this Agreement are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be a transfer for security purposes, each remittance of payments, if any, by the Seller hereunder to the Buyer under this
Agreement will have been (i) in payment of an obligation incurred by the Seller in the ordinary course of business or financial affairs of the Seller and the Buyer, as the case may be, and (ii) made in the ordinary course of business or
financial affairs of the Seller and the Buyer. 

ARTICLE V 

COVENANTS 

Section 5.01 Affirmative Covenants of the Seller. 

From the date hereof until the Payment in Full Date: 

(a) Compliance with Laws. The Seller will comply in all material respects with all applicable requirements of law with respect to the
Loans. 

(b) Preservation of Limited Partnership Existence. The Seller will preserve and maintain its limited partnership existence,
rights, franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its formation, and qualify and remain qualified in good standing as a foreign limited partnership in each jurisdiction where the failure to preserve and maintain such existence, rights,
franchises, privileges and qualification has had, or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect on the business operations, assets or financial condition of the Seller or on the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or
the provisions of any other Transaction Document applicable to the Seller, or the performance by the Seller of its duties hereunder or thereunder. 

(c) Performance and Compliance with Collateral. The Seller will, at its expense, timely and fully perform and comply in all material
respects with all provisions, covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under all agreements related to such Collateral. 

(d) Protection of Interest in Collateral. With respect to the Collateral Purchased by the Buyer from the Seller, the Seller will
(i) sell such Collateral pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, (ii) (at the Sellers expense) take all action necessary to perfect, protect and more fully evidence the Buyers or its assignees ownership
of or security interest in such Collateral free and clear of any Lien other than the Lien created hereunder and Permitted Liens, including, without limitation, (a) filing and maintaining (at the Sellers expense), effective financing
statements naming the Seller, as debtor, the Buyer, as secured party, and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, as assignee, in all necessary or appropriate filing offices, and filing continuation statements, amendments or
assignments with respect thereto in such filing offices, and (b) executing or causing to be executed such other instruments or notices as may be necessary or appropriate, and (iii) take all additional action that the Buyer, the Collateral
Agent or the Lead Lender may reasonably request to perfect, protect and more fully evidence the respective interests of the parties to this Agreement in the Collateral and of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, under the
Facility Agreement. 

-18- 

(e) Delivery of Collections. The Seller will cause all payments relating to all
Collateral to be remitted directly to the Collection Account. In the event any payments relating to any Collateral are remitted directly to the Seller or any Affiliate of the Seller, the Seller will remit (or will cause all such payments to be
remitted) directly to the Collection Account within two (2) Business Days following receipt thereof, and, at all times prior to such remittance, the Seller will itself hold or, if applicable, will cause such payments to be held in trust for the
exclusive benefit of the Buyer (and its assignees). 

(f) Separate Identity. The Seller acknowledges that the Lead Lender, the
Lenders and the other Secured Parties are entering into the transactions contemplated by the Facility Agreement in reliance upon the Buyers identity as a legal entity that is separate from the Seller and each other Affiliate of the Seller.
Therefore, from and after the date hereof, the Seller will take all reasonable steps to maintain the Buyers identity as a legal entity that is separate from the Seller and each other Affiliate of the Seller and to make it manifest to third
parties that the Buyer is an entity with assets and liabilities distinct from those of the Seller and each other Affiliate thereof and not just a division of the Seller or any such other Affiliate (except as otherwise required under GAAP or
applicable tax law). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and in addition to the other covenants set forth herein, the Seller agrees that: 

(i) the Seller will take all other actions necessary on its part to ensure that the Buyer is at all times in compliance with
Section 4.1(v) of the Facility Agreement (provided, however, that the Seller does not hereby guaranty the solvency of the Buyer or agree to pay any of the Buyers obligations or liabilities); 

(ii) the Seller shall maintain limited partnership records and books of account separate from those of the Buyer; 

(iii) the annual financial statements of the Seller shall disclose the effects of the Sellers transactions in accordance
with GAAP and the annual financial statements of the Seller shall not reflect in any way that the assets of the Buyer, including, without limitation, the Collateral, could be available to pay creditors of the Seller or any other Affiliate of the
Seller; 

(iv) the resolutions, agreements and other instruments underlying the transactions described in this Agreement
shall be continuously maintained by the Seller as official records; 

(v) the Seller shall maintain an arms-length relationship with the Buyer and will not hold itself out as being liable for the debts of the Buyer; 

(vi) except as otherwise permitted under the Facility Agreement, the Seller shall keep its assets and its liabilities wholly
separate from those of the Buyer; 

(vii) the Seller will avoid the appearance, and promptly correct any known misperception
of any of the Sellers creditors, that the assets of the Buyer are available to pay the obligations and debts of the Seller; and 

(viii) to the extent that the Seller services the Collateral and performs other services on the Buyers behalf, the Seller
will clearly identify itself as an agent for the Buyer in the performance of such duties; provided, however, that the Seller will not be required to so identify itself when communicating with the Obligors not in its capacity as agent for the
Buyer but rather in its capacity as agent for a group of lenders. 

-19- 

(g) Cooperation with Requests for Information or Documents. The Seller will cooperate
fully with all reasonable requests of the Buyer regarding the provision of any information or documents in the possession of or reasonably obtainable by the Seller without undue burden or expense which are necessary or desirable, including the
provision of such information or documents in electronic or machinereadable format, to allow each of the Buyer and its assignees (including, without limitation, the Collateral Agent) to carry out their responsibilities under the Transaction
Documents. 

(h) Notice to Agents and Obligors. The Seller will direct any agent, administrative agent or obligor for any Loan
included in the Collateral to remit all payments and collections with respect to such Loan directly to the Collection Account. 

Section 5.02 Negative Covenants of the Seller. 

From the date hereof until the Payment in Full Date: 

(a) Security Interests. Except for the transfers hereunder, the Seller will not sell, pledge, assign or transfer to any other Person,
or grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any Loan, whether now existing or hereafter transferred hereunder, or any interest therein. The Seller will promptly notify the Buyer of the existence of any Lien on any Loan and the
Seller shall defend to right, title and interest of the Buyer and its assignees in, to and under the Loans, against all claims of third parties, provided that nothing in this Section 5.02(a) shall prevent or be
deemed to prohibit the Liens created under the Facility Agreement; provided further that, the existence of any Lien imposed by law on the property of an Obligor of which the Seller has no knowledge shall not cause a breach of this
Section 5.02(a). 

(b) Change of Name or Location of Loan Files. The Seller shall not change its name,
move the location of its principal place of business and chief executive office, or change the jurisdiction of its formation, unless the Seller gives 30 days prior written notice thereof to the Buyer, the Collateral Agent and the Lead Lender
and takes all actions required under the UCC of each relevant jurisdiction in order to continue the first priority perfected security interest of the Buyer and the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Collateral. 

(c) Accounting of Purchases. Other than for tax and consolidated accounting purposes, the Seller will not account for or treat (whether
in financial statements or otherwise) the transactions contemplated hereby in any manner other than as a sale of the Collateral by the Seller to the Buyer; provided that, for federal income tax reporting purposes, the Buyer is treated as a
disregarded entity and, therefore, the transfer of Collateral by the Seller to the Buyer hereunder will not be recognized. 

(d) Change in Payment Instructions to Obligor. The Seller shall not make any change in its instructions to Obligors regarding payments
to be made to the Collection Account, unless the Lead Lender shall have given its prior written consent to such change. 

-20- 

ARTICLE VI 

OPTION TO REPURCHASE LOANS 

Section 6.01 [Reserved]

Section 6.02 Sellers Optional Right to Repurchase Loans.

(a) In addition to its right of substitution hereunder, on any day prior to the occurrence of a Termination Event and so long as the Buyer is
permitted to do so pursuant to Section 2.19(a) of the Facility Agreement, the Seller shall have the right, but not the duty, subject to the conditions set forth in Section 2.19(a) of the Facility Agreement and this
Section 6.02, to optionally repurchase or purchase from the Buyer, as applicable, any Loan at the Repurchase Price, provided that no such repurchase shall occur unless each of the following conditions is satisfied as of the
date thereof: 

(i) such transaction is on terms no less favorable to the Buyer than it would obtain in a comparable
arms length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate; and 

(ii) the aggregate of all Loans optionally
repurchased by the Seller pursuant to this Agreement and Section 2.19 of the Facility Agreement may not exceed an amount equal to 20% of the Net Purchased Loan Balance as of such date of repurchase. 

(b) Contemporaneously with the receipt of the Repurchase Price, the Buyer shall sell, transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey to the
Seller, without recourse, all the right, title and interest of the Buyer in, to and under any Loan purchased or repurchased by the Seller pursuant to Section 6.02(a), and the Buyer shall cause the Collateral Agent to
release the Lien of the Facility Agreement thereon. 

(c) To the extent any Repurchase Price exceeds the fair market value (as determined
by the Seller) of the related Loan, such excess shall be deemed a capital contribution by the Seller to the Buyer. 

ARTICLE VII 

INDEMNIFICATION BY THE SELLER 

Section 7.01 Indemnification. 

The Seller agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Buyer, its officers, directors, employees, personnel and agents (any one of which
is an Indemnified Party) from and against any and all claims, losses, penalties, fines, forfeitures, judgments (provided that any indemnification for damages is limited to actual damages, not consequential, special or
punitive damages), reasonable legal fees and related costs and any other reasonable costs, fees and expenses that such Person may sustain as a result of the Sellers fraud or the failure of the Seller to perform its duties in compliance in all
material respects with the terms of this Agreement, except to the extent arising from gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud by the Person claiming indemnification, provided that the Seller shall not be liable for any consequential
(including loss 

-21- 

of profit), indirect, special or punitive damages hereunder. Any Person seeking indemnification hereunder shall promptly notify the Seller if such Person receives a complaint, claim, compulsory
process or other notice of any loss, claim, damage or liability giving rise to a claim of indemnification hereunder but failure to provide such notice shall not relieve the Seller of its indemnification obligations hereunder unless and to the extent
the Seller is deprived of material substantive or procedural rights or defenses as a result thereof. The Seller shall assume (with the consent of the Indemnified Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) the defense and any settlement of
any such claim and pay all expenses in connection therewith, including reasonable counsel fees, and promptly pay, discharge and satisfy any judgment or decree which may be entered against the Indemnified Party in respect of such claim. The parties
agree that the provisions of this Section 7.01 shall not be interpreted to provide recourse to the Seller against loss by reason of the bankruptcy, insolvency or lack of creditworthiness of an Obligor with respect to a
Loan. The Seller shall have no liability for making indemnification hereunder to the extent any such indemnification constitutes recourse for uncollectible or uncollected Loans. 

Section 7.02 Liabilities to Obligors. 

Except with respect to the funding commitment assumed by the Buyer with respect to any Delayed Drawdown Obligation or Revolving Obligation, no
obligation or liability to any Obligor under any of the Loans is intended to be assumed by the Buyer, the Lead Lender or any of the other the Secured Parties under or as a result of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 7.03 Operation of Indemnities. 

If the Seller has made any indemnity payments to an Indemnified Party pursuant to this Article VII and such Indemnified Party thereafter
collects any such amounts from others, such Indemnified Party will repay such amounts collected to the Seller. 

ARTICLE VIII 

TERM AND TERMINATION 

Section 8.01 Termination. 

This Agreement shall commence as of the date of execution and delivery hereof and shall continue in full force and effect until the earlier of
(i) the Payment in Full Date and (ii) with the prior written consent of the Lead Lender, the date specified by either party upon 30 days prior written notice to the other party as the termination date; provided that the
termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.01 shall not discharge any Person from obligations incurred prior to any such termination of this Agreement. 

ARTICLE IX 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 9.01 Amendments and Waivers. 

Except as provided in this Section 9.01, no amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of this
Agreement shall be effective unless signed by the Buyer and Seller and consented to in writing by the Lead Lender, other than an amendment to this Agreement to supplement and/or amend a Loan List on the related Purchase Date. 

-22- 

Section 9.02 Notices, Etc. 

All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall, unless otherwise stated herein, be in writing and mailed, e-mailed, transmitted or delivered, to the Seller at its address set forth below and as to Buyer, at its address set forth in the Facility Agreement or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a
written notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices and communications shall be effective, upon receipt, or in the case of (a) notice by mail, five (5) days after being deposited in the United States mail, first class postage
prepaid and (b) notice by e-mail or by facsimile mail, when electronic confirmation or verbal communication of receipt is obtained. 

AB Private Credit Investors Corporation 

c/o Alliance Bernstein 

405
Colorado Street, Suite 1500 

Austin, TX 78701 

Attention: Wesley Raper 

Email:
wesley.raper@AllianceBernstein.com 

Telephone: (512) 721-2925

Section 9.03 Binding Effect; Benefit of Agreement. 

This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. The
Seller agrees that the Collateral Agent, as agent for the Secured Parties under the Facility Agreement, shall be a third party beneficiary hereof. Any permitted assigns of the Buyer shall be third party beneficiaries of this Agreement. 

Section 9.04 GOVERNING LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF OBJECTION TO VENUE SERVICE OF PROCESS. 

THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL MATTERS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY WHATSOEVER (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) TO THE FOREGOING SHALL
BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY AGREES TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR OF THE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION BASED ON FORUM NON CONVENIENS, AND ANY OBJECTION TO VENUE OF ANY ACTION INSTITUTED HEREUNDER IN ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS
AND CONSENTS TO THE GRANTING OF SUCH LEGAL OR EQUITABLE RELIEF AS IS DEEMED APPROPRIATE BY SUCH COURT. 

Each of the Buyer and the Seller
agrees that service of process may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the Buyer or the Seller, as applicable, at its address specified in the signature pages to this Agreement or at such other
address(es) as the Lead Lender and the Collateral Agent shall have been notified in accordance with the Facility Agreement. Nothing in this Section 9.04 shall affect the right of the Lead Lender and the Collateral Agent to
serve legal process in any other manner permitted by law. 

-23- 

Section 9.05 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY
DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED TO, OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN ANY OF THEM IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY. INSTEAD, ANY SUCH DISPUTE RESOLVED IN COURT WILL BE RESOLVED IN A BENCH TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. 

Section 9.06Certain Taxes. The Seller shall pay on demand any and all stamp, sales, excise and
other taxes and fees payable or determined to be payable to any applicable Authority in connection with the execution, delivery, filing and recording of this Agreement and the other documents to be delivered hereunder. 

Section 9.07 Non-Petition. 

(a) The Seller hereby agrees not to institute against, or join, cooperate with or encourage any other Person in instituting against the Buyer
any bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under federal or state bankruptcy or similar laws until at least one year and one day, or if longer, the applicable
preference period then in effect plus one day after the later to occur of (A) if a Term CLO with respect to a Borrower does not proceed, the Termination Date or (B) if a Term CLO with respect to a Borrower does proceed, the payment in full
of all notes issued by the applicable Borrower thereunder, provided that nothing in this Section 9.07 shall preclude, or be deemed to stop, the Seller (i) from taking any action prior to the expiration of the
aforementioned one year and one day period, or if longer the applicable preference period then in effect plus one day, in (a) any case or proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by the Buyer or (b) any involuntary insolvency proceeding
filed or commenced against the Buyer by a Person other than the Seller or its Affiliates, or (ii) from commencing against the Buyer or any properties of the Buyer any legal action which is not a bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership,
arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceeding or other proceeding under federal or state bankruptcy or similar laws. 

(b)
The provisions of this Section 9.07 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

Section 9.08
Recourse Against Certain Parties. 

(a) No recourse under or with respect to any obligation, covenant or agreement (including,
without limitation, the payment of any fees or any other obligations) of the Seller as contained in this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any other agreement, instrument or document entered into by it pursuant to or in connection with
this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall be had against any stockholder, incorporator, partner, member, manager, authorized representative, officer, employee, personnel or director of the Seller by the

-24- 

enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise it being expressly agreed and understood that the agreements of the Seller contained
in this Agreement, any other Transaction Document and all of the other agreements, instruments and documents entered into by it pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document are, in each case, solely the limited
partnership obligations of the Seller, and that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to or be incurred by any stockholder, incorporator, partner, member, manager, authorized representative, officer, employee, personnel or director of the
Seller, or any of them, under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Seller contained in this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or in any other such instruments, documents or agreements, or which are implied
therefrom, and that any and all personal liability of each stockholder, incorporator, partner, member, manager, authorized representative, officer, employee, personnel or director of the Seller, or any of them, for breaches by the Seller of any such
obligations, covenants or agreements, which liability may arise either at common law or at equity, by statute or constitution, or otherwise, is hereby expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement. The
provisions of this Section 9.08(a) shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

(b) Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement, the obligations of the Buyer under this Agreement and any other Transaction Document are limited recourse obligations of the Buyer payable solely from the Collateral and, following realization of the Collateral,
and application of the proceeds thereof in accordance with Sections 2.7, 2.8 and 2.9 of the Facility Agreement and all obligations of and any claims by the Seller against the Buyer hereunder after any such realization and application shall be
extinguished and shall not thereafter revive. No recourse under or with respect to any obligation, covenant or agreement (including, without limitation, the payment of any fees or any other obligations) of the Buyer as contained in this Agreement,
any other Transaction Document or any other agreement, instrument or document entered into by it pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall be had against any stockholder, incorporator, partner, member,
manager, authorized representative, officer, employee, personnel or director of the Buyer by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise it being expressly agreed and understood
that the agreements of the Buyer contained in this Agreement, any other Transaction Document and all of the other agreements, instruments and documents entered into by it pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement and any other Transaction
Document are, in each case, solely the limited liability company obligations of the Buyer, and that no personal liability whatsoever shall attach to or be incurred by any stockholder, incorporator, partner, member, manager, authorized
representative, officer, employee, personnel or director of the Buyer or any of them, under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Buyer contained in this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or in any other such
instruments, documents or agreements, or which are implied therefrom, and that any and all personal liability of each stockholder, incorporator, partner, member, manager, authorized representative, officer, employee, personnel or director of the
Buyer, or any of them, for breaches by the Buyer of any such obligations, covenants or agreements, which liability may arise either at common law or at equity, by statute or constitution, or otherwise, is hereby expressly waived as a condition of
and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement. The provisions of this Section 9.08(b) shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 

-25- 

Section 9.09 Protection of Right, Title and Interest in the Collateral; Further
Action Evidencing Purchases. 

(a) The Seller shall cause all financing statements and continuation statements and any other
necessary documents perfecting the Buyers security interest in the Collateral to be promptly recorded, registered and filed, and at all times to be kept recorded, registered and filed, all in such manner and in such places as may be required
by law fully to preserve and protect the perfection and priority of the security interest of the Buyer in all property comprising the Collateral. The Seller shall deliver to the Buyer the file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document
recorded, registered or filed as provided above, as soon as available following such recording, registration or filing. The Seller shall cooperate fully with the Buyer in connection with the obligations set forth above and will execute any and all
documents reasonably required to fulfill the intent of this Section 9.09(a). 

(b) The Seller agrees that from
time to time, at its expense, it will promptly execute and deliver all instruments and documents, and take all actions, that the Buyer, the Lead Lender or the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, may reasonably request in order to
perfect, protect or more fully evidence the Purchases hereunder and the security and/or interest granted in the Collateral. 

(c) If the
Seller fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder, the Buyer or the Lead Lender may (but shall not be required to) perform, or cause performance of, such obligation; and the Buyers, the Collateral Agents or the Lead Lenders
costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by the Seller. The Seller irrevocably authorizes the Buyer, the Collateral Agent or the Lead Lender at any time (so long as it has failed to perform its obligations hereunder) at
the Buyers, the Collateral Agents or the Lead Lenders sole discretion and appoints the Collateral Agent and the Lead Lender as its attorneyinfact to act on behalf of the Seller (i) to execute on behalf of the
Seller and to file financing statements on behalf of the Seller, as debtor, necessary or desirable in the Buyers, the Collateral Agents and the Lead Lenders sole discretion to perfect and to maintain the perfection and priority of
the security interest of the Buyer (and its assignees) in the Collateral and (ii) to file a carbon, photographic or other reproduction of this Agreement or any financing statement with respect to the Collateral as a financing statement in such
offices as the Buyer, the Collateral Agent or the Lead Lender in its sole discretion deems necessary or desirable to perfect and to maintain the perfection and priority of the security interests of the Buyer (and its assignees) in the Collateral.
This appointment is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. 

Section 9.10 Execution in Counterparts; Severability;
Integration. 

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts
(including by facsimile), each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. In case any provision in or obligation under this Agreement shall be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired
thereby. This Agreement, together with the Facility Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, to the extent that a party is a signatory thereto, and any agreements or letters (including fee letters) executed in connection herewith contains the
final and complete integration of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding all
prior oral or written understandings. 

-26- 

Section 9.11 Headings, Exhibits and Schedules. 

The headings herein are for purposes of references only and shall not otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision hereof.
The exhibits and schedules attached hereto and referred to herein shall constitute a part of this Agreement and are incorporated into this Agreement for all purposes. 

Section 9.12 Assignment. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, this Agreement may not be assigned by the Buyer or the Seller except as permitted by
this Section 9.12 or by the Facility Agreement. Simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Buyer shall assign all of its right, title and interest herein to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of
the Secured Parties, to which assignment the Seller hereby expressly consents. Upon assignment, the Seller agrees to perform its obligations hereunder for the benefit of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and the Collateral
Agent, in such capacity, shall be a third party beneficiary hereof. The Collateral Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties after a Termination Event under and in accordance with the Facility Agreement may enforce the provisions of this Agreement,
exercise the rights of the Buyer and enforce the obligations of the Seller hereunder without joinder of the Buyer. 

Section 9.13
No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. 

No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Buyer or the Seller, any
right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder, shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exhaustive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. Any waiver of this Agreement shall be effective only in
the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.] 

-27- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed
by their respective officers as of the day and year first above written. 

AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS CORPORATION,

as the Seller

By: 

/s/ Christopher Terry

Name: Christopher Terry

Title: Vice President

ABPCI Funding VI LLC 

Purchase and Sale Agreement 

ABPCIC FUNDING VI LLC,

as the Buyer

By: AB Private Credit Investors Corporation, its designated manager

By: 

/s/ Christopher Terry

Name: Christopher Terry

Title: Vice President

ABPCI Funding VI LLC 

Purchase and Sale Agreement 

Schedule I 

Loan List 

[Intentionally Omitted] 

Exhibit A 

Form of Assignment 

[ Date ] 

In accordance with the
Purchase and Sale Agreement (together with all amendments and modifications from time to time thereto, the Agreement), dated as of March 21, 2025, made by and between the undersigned, AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS CORPORATION,
as the Seller (together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Seller), and ABPCIC FUNDING VI LLC, as the Buyer (together with its successors and permitted assigns, the Buyer), as assignee thereunder,
the undersigned does hereby sell, transfer, convey and assign, set over and otherwise convey to the Buyer, all of the Sellers right, title and interest in and to the following (including, without limitation, all obligations of the lender to
fund any Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Obligation conveyed by the undersigned to Buyer hereunder which obligations Buyer hereby assumes): 

(i) the Loans listed on Schedule I attached hereto (which Schedule I is hereby incorporated by reference in and shall become
part of the Loan List referred to as Schedule I in the Agreement), all payments paid in respect thereof and all monies due, to become due or paid in respect thereof accruing on and after the Purchase Date and all Collections and other recoveries
thereon, in each case as they arise after the Purchase Date; 

(ii) all Liens with respect to the Loans referred to in
clause (i) above; 

(iii) all Related Contracts with respect to the Loans referred to in clause
(i) above; 

(iv) all collateral security granted under any Related Contracts; and 

(v) all income, payments, proceeds and other benefits of any and all of the foregoing, including but not limited to, all
accounts, cash and currency, chattel paper, electronic chattel paper, tangible chattel paper, copyrights, copyright licenses, equipment, fixtures, general intangibles, instruments, commercial tort claims, deposit accounts, inventory, investment
property, letter of credit rights, software, supporting obligations, accessions, proceeds and other property consisting of, arising out of, or related to the foregoing, but excluding any Excluded Amount with respect thereto. 

Capitalized terms used herein have the meaning given such terms in the Agreement. 

This assignment is made pursuant to and in reliance upon the representations and warranties on the part of the undersigned contained in
Article IV of the Agreement and no others. 

THIS ASSIGNMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this assignment to be duly executed on the date
written above. 

AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS CORPORATION

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

A-2 

Schedule I to Exhibit A 

Loan List 

[to be
attached]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d944278dex104.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.4
<TEXT>
EX-10.4

Exhibit 10.4 

PLEDGE AGREEMENT 

PLEDGE AGREEMENT dated as of March 21, 2025 (this Agreement), by and between AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS CORPORATION,
a Maryland corporation (the Pledgor), for the benefit of U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (U.S. Bank), as collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent), on behalf of
the Secured Parties. 

WHEREAS, ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Borrower),
AB Private Credit Investors LLC, as collateral manager (in such capacity, the Collateral Manager), NatWest Markets Plc, as the lead lender (in such capacity, the Lead Lender), each of the lenders from time to
time party thereto (the Lenders), Alter Domus (US) LLC, as loan agent (the Loan Agent), the Collateral Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as the document custodian, are parties to that certain Facility
Agreement dated as of March 21, 2025 (as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof, the Facility Agreement). Capitalized terms used herein and
not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings attributed thereto in the Facility Agreement. 

WHEREAS, the Lenders have agreed to
make Advances and certain other financial accommodations to the Borrower pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Facility Agreement. 

WHEREAS, the obligation of the Lenders to make Advances and certain other financial accommodations under the Facility Agreement is conditioned
on the execution and delivery by the Pledgor of this Agreement securing the full and punctual payment and performance of (a) the principal of and interest on the Advances, when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, or otherwise
(including, without limitation, all interest thereon, whether accruing prior or subsequent to the commencement of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding involving the Pledgor as a debtor and whether or not such interest is an allowed claim in any such
proceeding) and (b) all other Aggregate Unpaids of the Borrower (the foregoing collectively being herein referred to as the Secured Obligations). 

WHEREAS, the Pledgor is the owner of all of the membership interests of the Borrower and will receive substantial benefits from the Advances
and other financial accommodations made available to the Borrower under the Facility Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
premises and mutual covenants herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Pledge and Collateral Assignment. As collateral security for the prompt and complete payment, performance and observance of all
present and future Secured Obligations, the Pledgor hereby pledges and collaterally assigns to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and grants to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a lien on and
security interest in the collateral of the Pledgor described in Section 2 (collectively, the Pledged Collateral). 

2. Description of Pledged Collateral. (a) The Pledged Collateral is described as
follows and on any separate schedules at any time furnished by the Pledgor to the Collateral Agent (which schedules are hereby deemed part of this Agreement): 

(i) all right, title and interest of the Pledgor, whether now existing or hereafter acquired, in (a) the membership
interests of the Borrower (the Membership Interests) and (b) the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Borrower (as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to
time in accordance with the terms thereof, the LLC Agreement) under which the Membership Interests exist; 

(ii) all right, title and interest of the Pledgor in and to all present and future payments, proceeds, dividends,
distributions, instruments, compensation, property, assets, interests and rights in connection with or related to the Membership Interests or the LLC Agreement and all monies due and payable or to become due and payable to the Pledgor in connection
with or related to any of the foregoing or otherwise paid, issued or distributed from time to time in respect of or in exchange therefor, and any certificate, instrument or other document evidencing or representing the same (including, without
limitation, all proceeds of dissolution or liquidation); and 

(iii) all proceeds (as defined in the UCC as in effect from
time to time in the State of New York (the NY UCC)) of every kind and nature, including proceeds of proceeds, of any and all of the foregoing (including, without limitation, proceeds which constitute property of the type described
above and, to the extent not otherwise included, all cash proceeds thereof). 

(b) The Pledgor and the Borrower each acknowledge that, in
conjunction with the exercise of its remedies following the occurrence of a Termination Event, the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) may exercise all rights granted to the Pledgor under the LLC Agreement without the
consent of the Pledgor subject to and in accordance with the terms of Sections 7 and 9. 

3. Delivery of Certificates, Instruments, Etc.;
Pledgor Remains Liable. 

(a) The Pledgor shall deliver to the Collateral Agent: 

(i) any and all original certificates, instruments and other documents at any time evidencing or representing the Pledged
Collateral to the extent available; and 

(ii) any and all original certificates, instruments or other documents at any time
evidencing or representing the Pledged Collateral not delivered on the date hereof within two Business Days after the Pledgors receipt thereof. Each delivery of Pledged Collateral shall be accompanied by a schedule showing a description of the
collateral theretofor and then being pledged hereunder, which schedule shall be attached hereto as Schedule I and made a part hereof. Each schedule so delivered shall supersede any prior schedules so delivered. 

2 

(b) The Pledgor represents and warrants that none of the Membership Interests constitute a
security within the meaning of the NY UCC and covenants that it will not suffer or permit any Membership Interest to constitute a security within the meaning of the NY UCC. 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any of the Pledged Collateral at any time constitutes a certificated security or
instrument (in each case as defined in the NY UCC), such item shall be in bearer form or, if in registered form, shall be issued in the name of the Collateral Agent or endorsed to the Collateral Agent or accompanied by undated blank
interest powers, note powers, endorsements or other necessary instruments of transfer, registration or assignment, duly executed in blank and in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Lead Lender. 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any of the Pledged Collateral at any time constitutes uncertificated securities within the
meaning of the NY UCC, the Pledgor will promptly notify the Collateral Agent, the Borrower and the Collateral Manager thereof and the Pledgor will promptly take and cause to be taken, and will cause the Borrower to take, all actions required under
Articles 8 and 9 of the NY UCC and any other applicable law to enable the Collateral Agent to acquire control (within the meaning of such term under Section 8-106 (or its successor provision)
of the NY UCC) of such uncertificated securities and as may be otherwise necessary or deemed appropriate by the Lead Lender to perfect the security interest of the Collateral Agent therein. 

(e) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) the Pledgor shall remain liable under the contracts and agreements included in
the Pledged Collateral, to the extent set forth therein, to perform all of its duties and obligations thereunder to the same extent as if this Agreement had not been executed, (ii) the exercise by the Collateral Agent of any of the rights
hereunder shall not release the Pledgor from any of its duties or obligations under the contracts and agreements included in the Pledged Collateral, except to the extent that any such duties and obligations may have been terminated by reason of a
sale, transfer or other disposition of such Pledged Collateral as provided in Section 13, and (iii) the Collateral Agent shall not have any obligation or liability under the contracts and agreements included in the Pledged Collateral by
reason of this Agreement, nor shall the Collateral Agent be obligated to perform any of the obligations or duties of the Pledgor thereunder or to take any action to collect or enforce any claim for payment assigned hereunder. 

4. Additional Collateral. Subject to Section 8, in case any distribution payable in additional Membership Interests shall be
declared with respect to any of the Pledged Collateral, or any fractions thereof shall be issued pursuant to any transaction involving any of the Pledged Collateral, or any interests or obligations shall be distributed upon or with respect to any of
the Pledged Collateral, in each case pursuant to a recapitalization or reclassification of the Membership Interests, or pursuant to the dissolution, liquidation (in whole or in part), bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower, or to the merger or
consolidation of the Borrower with or into another entity, the additional Membership Interests so declared, the fractions so issued, or the interests or obligations so distributed, as applicable, shall be delivered to the Collateral Agent promptly,
and in any event within two Business Days after receipt thereof, to be held by the Collateral Agent as additional collateral hereunder subject to the terms of this Agreement, and all of the same shall constitute Pledged Collateral for all purposes
hereof. 

3 

5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Pledgor. The Pledgor hereby
represents, warrants and covenants that: 

(a) Pledged Collateral. The Pledgor is the sole holder of record and the sole beneficial
owner of the Membership Interests free and clear of any Lien thereon, except Permitted Liens. 

(b) Chief Executive Office; Records;
Etc. As of the date hereof, the address of the chief executive office and principal place of business of the Pledgor, and the location of the books and records relating to the Pledged Collateral, are set forth in Section 21, and the Pledgor
will not change said address or location, other than in accordance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents, or change its name or its jurisdiction of incorporation unless (i) such change would not reasonably be expected to result in a
Material Adverse Effect or (ii) it has given at least 30 days (or such shorter period as the Lead Lender may agree in writing) written notice to the Lead Lender, the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent and has taken all actions required
under the UCC of each relevant jurisdiction in order to continue the first priority perfected security interest of the Collateral Agent (subject to Permitted Liens), for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Pledged Collateral. 

(c) Sale or Other Disposition of Pledged Collateral. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under Section 8, the Pledgor will not
assign (by operation of law or otherwise), sell, lease, transfer, pledge or grant a security interest in or otherwise dispose of or abandon, nor will it suffer or permit any of the same to occur with respect to any Pledged Collateral. The inclusion
of proceeds of the Pledged Collateral under the security interest granted herein shall not be deemed a consent by the Collateral Agent to any sale or other disposition of any Pledged Collateral. 

(d) Percentage of Outstanding Equity. The Membership Interests constitute, and until the indefeasible payment and performance in full of
the Secured Obligations (other than Secured Obligations that survive the termination of the Facility Agreement) will continue to constitute, 100% of the membership interests of the Borrower. 

(e) No Options or Similar Rights. None of the Membership Interests or other Pledged Collateral is subject to any options to purchase or
similar rights of any Person. 

(f) Required Consents. Except as may be required, in connection with any disposition of any portion
of the Pledged Collateral, by laws affecting the offering and sale of securities generally, no consent of any Person and no license, permit, approval or authorization of, exemption by, notice or report to, or registration, filing (other than the
filing of financing statements under the UCC in order to perfect a security interest in that portion of the Pledged Collateral constituting general intangibles) or declaration with any Governmental Authority is required in connection with
(i) the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforceability against, the Pledgor of this Agreement, (ii) the perfection or maintenance of the security interest created hereby (including the first priority nature of such security
interest) or (iii) the exercise by the Collateral Agent of the voting or other rights provided for in this Agreement, except where the failure to obtain or perform any such consent, license, permit, approval, authorization, exemption, notice,
report, registration, filing or declaration could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4 

(g) Nature of Security Interest. Upon the filing of appropriate financing statements
in the office of the Delaware Secretary of State by the Pledgor, the Collateral Agent shall have a valid and perfected first priority, security interest in the Pledged Collateral, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, to the extent a security
interest may be perfected by filing, securing the prompt and complete payment and performance of the Secured Obligations. 

(h) No
Modification of Certain Agreements; Certain Notices. The Pledgor will not, without the prior written consent of the Lead Lender (a copy of which consent shall be provided to the Collateral Agent), (i) modify, amend or alter in any respect the
terms and conditions of any agreement included in the Pledged Collateral (including, without limitation, the LLC Agreement), or (ii) execute any document or instrument or, without limitation of Section 7, take any other action of any kind
which may, in the reasonable judgment of the Lead Lender, result in the impairment of the value of the Pledged Collateral. 

(i) Further
Assurances. The Pledgor will, at its sole cost and expense, perform all acts and execute all documents that are necessary or that are reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) from time to time to
evidence, perfect, maintain or enforce the Collateral Agents first priority security interest granted herein or otherwise in furtherance of the provisions of this Agreement. The Pledgor authorizes the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction
of the Lead Lender) to execute in the Pledgors name any documents necessary to evidence, perfect, maintain or enforce the Collateral Agents first priority security interest granted herein or otherwise in furtherance of the provisions of
this Agreement. The Pledgor authorizes the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) to file in any appropriate filing office such financing statements as are necessary or appropriate to evidence, perfect, maintain or enforce the
Collateral Agents first priority security interest granted herein or otherwise in furtherance of the provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that any such financing statements are not properly filed by the Pledgor. Nothing herein shall be
construed to imply an obligation on or duty of the Collateral Agent to monitor or maintain the perfection or priority of such security interest. 

6. Agreement of the Borrower. The Borrower hereby agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement relating to the Pledged Collateral
issued by it and will comply with such terms insofar as such terms are applicable to it. The Borrower hereby consents to the pledge by the Pledgor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement of the Membership Interests and, subject in each case to
compliance with the terms of this Agreement, to any transfer of Membership Interests pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and, in conjunction with the exercise of its remedies following the occurrence of a Termination Event, to the substitution
of the Collateral Agent or its nominee as a substituted member of the Borrower with all the rights, powers and duties of a member of the Borrower. 

7. Voting Rights Prior to Default. Except as otherwise provided in Section 9, the Pledgor shall be entitled to exercise, in a
manner consistent with the terms of this Agreement, the voting, managerial and other consensual rights with respect to the Membership Interests, and for that purpose the Collateral Agent (at the direction of the Lead Lender) shall (if any Membership
Interests shall be registered in the name of the Collateral Agent or its nominee) execute or cause to be executed from time to time, at the expense of the Pledgor, such proxies or other instruments (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Collateral Agent and the Lead Lender) in 

5 

favor of the Pledgor or its nominee, in such form and for such purposes as shall be reasonably required by the Pledgor and shall be specified in a written request therefor, as will enable it to
exercise such voting power with respect to such Membership Interests; provided, that, except to the extent otherwise permitted in the Facility Agreement, no vote shall be cast, no consent shall be given, no rights shall be exercised and no
other action shall be taken by the Pledgor that, in the Lead Lenders judgment, would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on any of the Membership Interests or result in a breach of this Agreement or the Transaction Documents. 

8. Distributions. So long as no Termination Event has occurred, subject to Section 5.2(f) of the Facility Agreement, the Pledgor
shall be entitled to receive, retain for its own account and transfer any and all payments, proceeds, dividends, distributions, monies, compensation, property, assets, instruments or rights paid, issued or distributed from time to time in respect of
the Pledged Collateral free and clear of the liens pursuant to this Agreement. All payments, proceeds, dividends, distributions, monies, property, assets, instruments or rights which are received by the Pledgor in violation of the preceding sentence
shall be forthwith paid over to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties in the same form as so received (with any necessary endorsement) and the Pledgor shall provide written notification to the Loan Agent of such violation and
payment. 

9. Voting Rights After a Termination Event. Upon the occurrence of a Termination Event and notice by the Collateral Agent
(acting as directed by the Lead Lender) to the Pledgor (which notice shall not be required in the event of a Termination Event due to an Insolvency Event of the Pledgor), all rights of the Pledgor to exercise or refrain from exercising the voting,
managerial and other consensual rights which it would otherwise be entitled to exercise pursuant to Section 7 shall cease, and thereupon the Collateral Agent (acting as directed by the Lead Lender) shall be entitled to exercise all voting power
and other rights, powers and privileges with respect to the Membership Interests. 

10. Application of Cash Received. Any cash
received by the Collateral Agent pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement shall be applied to the payment of the Secured Obligations as provided in Section 14. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as requiring the Collateral Agent to
take any action in connection with the sale or other disposition of any Pledged Collateral at any time. 

11. Expenses. The Pledgor
will pay, upon demand, the Collateral Agent and the Loan Agent, as applicable, for any and all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs, sums, and expenses which
the Collateral Agent or the Loan Agent, as applicable, may pay or incur pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement or in enforcing the Secured Obligations against the Pledgor or the security interest granted hereunder, including, but not limited
to, all filing or recording fees, court costs, collection charges and reasonable out-of-pocket external attorneys fees and expenses. Such expenses shall include,
without limitation, any such costs paid or incurred by the Collateral Agent or the Loan Agent, as applicable, in connection with any waivers, amendments, modifications, extensions, renewals or renegotiations, in each case in connection with this
Agreement. The obligations of the Pledgor under this Section 11 shall survive the payment in full of the Secured Obligations, the resignation or removal of the Loan Agent and the Collateral Agent and the termination of this Agreement. 

6 

12. [Reserved]. 

13. Remedies. 

(a)
Following the occurrence and during the continuation of a Termination Event or, in any case, the declaration of the Termination Date in accordance with clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Collateral Agent (acting as directed by the Lead
Lender) may exercise in respect of any of the Pledged Collateral, in addition to other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise available to it, all the rights and remedies of a secured party upon default under the NY UCC (whether or not
applicable to the affected Pledged Collateral) and may also, without obligation to resort to other security, at any time and from time to time sell, resell, assign and deliver, in its sole discretion, all or any of the Pledged Collateral, in one or
more parcels at the same or different times, and all right, title and interest, claim and demand therein and right of redemption thereof, on any securities exchange on which any Pledged Collateral may be listed, or at public or private sale, for
cash, upon credit or for future delivery, and in connection therewith the Collateral Agent (acting as directed by the Lead Lender) may grant options. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Pledgor hereby waives and releases any and
all equity and right of redemption with respect to the Pledged Collateral. 

(b) If any of the Pledged Collateral is sold by the Collateral
Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) upon credit or for future delivery, the Collateral Agent and the Loan Agent, as applicable, shall not be liable for the failure of the purchaser to purchase or pay for the same and, in the event of
any such failure, the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) may resell such Pledged Collateral. In no event shall the Pledgor be credited with any part of the proceeds of sale of any Pledged Collateral until cash payment
thereof has actually been received by the Collateral Agent. 

(c) The Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) (either
directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) may purchase any Pledged Collateral at any public sale and, if any Pledged Collateral is of a type customarily sold in a recognized market or is of the type which is the subject of widely
distributed standard price quotations, the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) may purchase such Pledged Collateral at a private sale, free from any right of
redemption, which is hereby waived and released to the extent permitted by applicable law, and in each case may make payment therefor by any means, including, without limitation, by release or discharge of Secured Obligations (other than Secured
Obligations owing to the Loan Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Document Custodian) in lieu of cash payment. 

(d) No demand,
advertisement or notice, all of which are hereby expressly waived, shall be required in connection with any sale or other disposition of any part of the Pledged Collateral which threatens to decline rapidly in value or which is of a type customarily
sold on a recognized market; otherwise the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) shall give the Pledgor at least 10 days prior written notice of the time and place of any public sale and of the time after which any
private sale or other disposition is to be made, which notice the Pledgor agrees is reasonable, all other demands, advertisements and notices being hereby waived. 

7 

(e) The Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) shall not be obligated
to make any sale of Pledged Collateral if the Lead Lender shall determine not to do so, regardless of the fact that notice of sale may have been given. The Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) may, without notice or
publication, adjourn any public or private sale or cause the same to be adjourned from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed for sale, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which the same was
so adjourned. 

(f) The remedies provided herein in favor of the Collateral Agent and the Loan Agent shall not be deemed to be exclusive,
but shall be cumulative, and shall be in addition to all other remedies in favor of the Collateral Agent and the Loan Agent existing at law or in equity. 

14. Application of Proceeds of Sale. After the occurrence and during the continuation of a Termination Event, all proceeds of any sale
of Pledged Collateral, as well as all Pledged Collateral consisting of cash, shall be deposited in to the Principal Collections Account by the Collateral Agent and applied by the Collateral Agent in accordance with Section 2.9 of the Facility
Agreement. 

15. Collateral Agent Appointed
Attorney-in-Fact. 

(a) To effectuate the terms and
provisions hereof, the Pledgor hereby appoints (effective upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Termination Event, but without obligation) the Collateral Agent as its
attorney-in-fact for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this Agreement and taking any action and executing any instrument which the Collateral Agent (acting
at the direction of the Lead Lender) may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Collateral Agent shall, following the occurrence of a Termination Event, have the right and
power to: 

(i) receive, endorse and collect all checks and other orders for the payment of money made payable to the
Pledgor representing any interest or other distribution or amount payable in respect of the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof and to give full discharge for the same; and 

(ii) execute endorsements, assignments or other instruments of conveyance or transfer with respect to all or any of the Pledged
Collateral and to exercise all rights and privileges of (or on behalf of) the owner of any Pledged Collateral, including, without limitation, all voting rights with respect to the Membership Interests. 

(b) All acts done under the foregoing authorization are hereby ratified and approved by the Pledgor, and neither the Collateral Agent nor any
designee or agent thereof shall be liable for any acts of commission or omission, for any error of judgment or for any mistake of fact or law, absent willful misconduct or gross negligence as determined in a final judgment by a court of competent
jurisdiction. 

8 

(c) This power of attorney, being coupled with an interest, is irrevocable until the
indefeasible payment and performance in full of the Secured Obligations (other than Secured Obligations that survive the termination of the Facility Agreement). The powers conferred on the Collateral Agent under this Section 15 are solely to
protect the interests of the Secured Parties in the Pledged Collateral and shall not impose any duty upon the Collateral Agent or any Secured Party to exercise any such powers. The Collateral Agent and the Secured Parties shall be accountable only
for amounts that they actually receive as a result of the exercise of such powers, and neither they nor any of their officers, directors, employees or agents shall be responsible to any Pledgor for any act or failure to act hereunder. 

16. Collateral Agents Duties. 

(a) Except for treatment of the Pledged Collateral in its possession and the accounting for moneys actually received by it hereunder, in each
case pursuant to the express terms hereof, the Collateral Agent and the Loan Agent, as applicable, shall have no duty as to any Pledged Collateral or as to the taking of any necessary steps to preserve rights against prior parties or any other
rights pertaining to the Pledged Collateral. The Collateral Agent and the Loan Agent, as applicable, shall not be liable to the Pledgor (i) for any loss or damage sustained by the Pledgor, or (ii) for any loss, damage, depreciation or
other diminution in the value of any of the Pledged Collateral that may occur as a result of or in connection with or that is in any way related to any exercise by the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender or otherwise) of any
right or remedy under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, any failure to demand, collect or realize upon any of the Pledged Collateral or any delay in doing so, or any other act or failure to act on the part of the Collateral Agent
(acting at the direction of the Lead Lender or otherwise) or the Loan Agent, in each case, except to the extent that the same is caused by its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as determined in a final
non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(b) The Pledgor hereby releases the
Collateral Agent and the Loan Agent from any claims, causes of action and demands at any time arising out of or with respect to this Agreement, any Transaction Document, the Pledged Collateral and/or any actions taken or omitted to be taken by the
Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender or otherwise) with respect thereto (except such claims, causes of action and demands arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Collateral Agent or the Loan Agent, as
applicable, as determined in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction) and the Pledgor hereby agrees to indemnify and hold the Collateral Agent and the Loan Agent harmless from and
with respect to any and all such claims, causes of action and demands (except such claims, causes of action and demands arising from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Collateral Agent or the Loan Agent, as applicable, as determined
in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction). 

17. Rights and
Remedies Not Waived. The Collateral Agents prior recourse to any Pledged Collateral shall not constitute a condition of any demand, suit or proceeding for payment or collection of the Secured Obligations. No act, omission or delay by the
Collateral Agent shall constitute a waiver of its rights and remedies hereunder or otherwise. No single or partial waiver by the Collateral Agent of any default hereunder or right or remedy which it may have shall operate as a waiver of any other
default, right or remedy or of the same default, right or remedy on a future occasion. 

9 

18. Collateral Agent May Perform. If the Pledgor fails to perform any agreement
contained herein, the Collateral Agent (acting at the direction of the Lead Lender) may itself perform, or cause performance of, such agreement, and the expenses of the Collateral Agent incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by the
Pledgor pursuant to the terms of Section 11. 

19. Consent to Jurisdiction; Service of Process; Setoff. 

(a) Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any New York
State or federal court sitting in New York City in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and each party hereto hereby irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and
determined in such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. The parties hereto hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent they may effectively do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance
of any such action or proceeding. The parties hereto agree that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. The
Pledgor agrees that service of process may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the Pledgor at its address specified in Section 21 or at such other address as the Collateral Agent shall have
been notified of in accordance herewith. The Collateral Agent shall be served in accordance with applicable law. Nothing in this Section 19 shall affect the right of the Pledgor or the Collateral Agent to serve legal process in any other manner
permitted by law. 

(b) Notwithstanding any contrary provision set forth herein, no claim may be made by any party hereto against any party
hereto or their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, attorneys or agents for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages with respect to any claim for breach of contract or any other theory of liability arising out of
or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith, and each party hereto hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue upon any claim for any such damages, whether or not
accrued and whether or not known or suspected. 

(c) The Pledgor agrees that this Section 19 is a specific and material aspect of this
Agreement and acknowledges that the Collateral Agent and the Loan Agent would not enter into the Facility Agreement if this Section 19 was not part of this Agreement. 

20. Admissibility of Agreement. The Pledgor agrees that any copy of this Agreement signed by the Pledgor and transmitted by telecopier
or by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf) for delivery to the Collateral Agent shall be admissible in evidence as the original itself in any judicial or administrative proceeding, whether or not the original is in existence. 

21. Addresses for Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder, unless otherwise stated herein, shall be in writing (which
shall include facsimile communication and communication by e-mail in portable document format (.pdf)) and faxed, e-mailed or delivered to each party hereto, at its
address set forth below or at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties hereto. Notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address or fax number
shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other
written acknowledgment), provided that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next
Business Day for the recipient. 

10 

Pledgor: 

AB Private Credit Investors Corporation 

c/o AllianceBernstein 

1345
Avenue of the Americas 

New York, NY 10105 

Attention: Wesley Raper 

Telephone: (512) 721-2925

Email: wesley.raper@AllianceBernstein.com 

Collateral Agent: 

U.S. Bank
Trust Company, National Association 

214 North Tryon Street, 26th Floor 

Charlotte, North Carolina 28202-1078 

Attention: Erica C Ross 

Email:
erica.ross@usbank.com 

Borrower: 

ABPCIC Funding VI LLC 

c/o
AllianceBernstein 

1345 Avenue of the Americas 

New York, New York 10105 

Attention: Wesley Raper 

Telephone: (512) 721-2925

Email: wesley.raper@abglobal.com 

Loan Agent: 

Alter Domus (US)
LLC 

225 W. Washington Street, 9th Floor 

Chicago, Illinois 60606 

Attention: Legal Department Agency, Emily Ergang Pappas and Jonathan Lam 

Email: legal_agency@alterdomus.com, emily.ergangpappas@alterdomus.com and 

jonathan.lam@alterdomus.com 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Holland & Knight LLP 

150 N. Riverside Plaza, Suite 2700 

Chicago, Illinois 60606 

Attention: Joshua M. Spencer 

Email: joshua.spencer@hklaw.com and alterdomus@hklaw.com 

11 

22. Terms. All terms defined in the NY UCC and used herein shall have the meanings
ascribed thereto in the NY UCC, unless otherwise defined herein or in the Facility Agreement or the context otherwise requires. 

23.
Amendments and Waivers. No provision hereof shall be modified, altered, waived or limited except by written instrument expressly referring to this Agreement and to such provision, and executed by the parties hereto. 

24. Continuing Security Interest; Assignments. This Agreement shall create a continuing security interest in the Pledged Collateral and
shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the date on which the Borrower has repaid the Secured Obligations (other than Secured Obligations that survive the termination of the Facility Agreement), (b) be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Pledgor and its successors and assigns, (c) be binding upon and inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Collateral Agent and its permitted successors, transferees and assigns and (d) as
express third party beneficiaries, be binding upon and inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Loan Agent and the Lead Lender and their permitted successors, transferees and assigns. Upon the occurrence of an event described in clause
(a) of the preceding sentence, the security interest granted hereby shall terminate and all rights to the Pledged Collateral shall revert to the Pledgor. Upon any such termination, the Collateral Agent will, at the Pledgors expense,
execute and deliver to the Pledgor such documents as the Pledgor shall reasonably request to evidence such termination and will assign, transfer and deliver to the Pledgor, without recourse and without representation or warranty, such of the Pledged
Collateral as may then be in possession of the Collateral Agent. 

25. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by the parties
hereto individually or in any combination, in one or more counterparts, which counterparts may be in the form of facsimile or electronic imaging, each of which shall be an original and all of which shall together constitute one and the same
agreement. 

26. Captions; Separability. The captions of the various sections and paragraphs of this Agreement have been inserted
only for the purposes of convenience; such captions are not a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed in any manner to modify, explain, enlarge or restrict any of the provisions of this Agreement. 

27. Security Interest Absolute. All rights of the Collateral Agent and security interests hereunder, and all of the obligations of the
Pledgor hereunder, shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of: 

(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any
Secured Obligation or any agreement or instrument relating thereto; 

(ii) any change in the time, manner or place of
payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Secured Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from any agreement or instrument relating thereto; 

(iii) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any other collateral, or any release
or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any guaranty, relating to any of the Secured Obligations; or 

12 

(iv) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense
available to, or a discharge of, the Pledgor or a third party grantor of a security interest, lien or other encumbrance. 

28.
GOVERNING LAW; JURY WAIVER. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION ARISING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER.

29. Schedules. The Collateral Agent is authorized to annex hereto any schedules referred to herein. 

30. Severability. The illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement, any Secured Obligation, any agreement or
instrument relating thereto or any instrument or agreement required hereunder shall not in any way affect or impair the legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, the other Secured Obligations, any other agreement or
instrument relating thereto or any other instrument or agreement required hereunder. 

31. Acknowledgment of Receipt. The Pledgor
acknowledges receipt of a copy of this Agreement. 

32. Tax Characterization. The Pledgor shall cause the Borrower not to elect to be
treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and to take all reasonable steps necessary to avoid being treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Pledgor shall, and shall cause the Borrower to, treat the
Advances advanced under the Facility Agreement as indebtedness of the Borrower (or, so long as the Borrower is treated as a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as indebtedness of the entity of which it is considered to be a
part) for U.S. federal income tax purposes and to file or cause to be filed any and all tax forms in a manner consistent therewith. 

33.
Confidentiality. Each party hereto agrees to maintain, and to cause each of its Affiliates to maintain, the confidentiality of the terms and conditions of the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and the
identity of the parties thereto and any other Persons otherwise participating in such transactions, except as may be requested or required by law, rule, regulation, regulatory authority or self-regulatory authority or pursuant to other legal process
or to officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors of such party, or to legal counsel to such party and any of its Affiliates and except as otherwise permitted under Section 13.11 of the Facility Agreement. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

13 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as of the day and
year first above written. 

AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS CORPORATION, as Pledgor

By: 

/s/ Christopher Terry

Name: Christopher Terry

Title: Vice President

ABPCIC Funding VI LLC 

Pledge Agreement 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Collateral Agent

By: 

/s/ Scott DeRoss

Name: Scott DeRoss

Title: Senior Vice President

ABPCIC Funding VI LLC 

Pledge Agreement 

Agreed and accepted as of the date first written above: 

ABPCIC Funding VI LLC, as Borrower

By: AB Private Credit Investors Corporation, its designated manager

By: 

/s/ Christopher Terry

Name: Christopher Terry

Title: Vice President

ABPCIC Funding VI LLC 

Pledge Agreement 

Agreed and accepted as of the date first written above: 

ALTER DOMUS (US) LLC, as Loan Agent

By: 

/s/ Pinju Chiu

Name: Pinju Chiu

Title:
Associate Counsel

ABPCIC Funding VI LLC 

Pledge Agreement 

SCHEDULE I 

to Pledge Agreement 

Pledged
Collateral 

PLEDGOR: AB PRIVATE CREDIT INVESTORS CORPORATION 

Description of Membership Interests 

Membership Interest Issuer Type of

Interests Percentage

of

Outstanding

Interests 

ABPCIC Funding VI LLC Membership 100 %
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>abpcic-20250321.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>abpcic-20250321_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 
Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>abpcic-20250321_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g944278dsp46.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>g944278dsp54.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Mar. 21, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Entity Registrant Name AB Private Credit Investors Corp

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0001634452

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Mar. 21, 2025

Entity Incorporation State Country Code MD

Entity File Number 814-01196

Entity Tax Identification Number 81-2491356

Entity Address, Address Line One 405 Colorado Street

Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 1500

Entity Address, City or Town Austin

Entity Address, State or Province TX

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 78701

City Area Code (512)

Local Phone Number 721-2900

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.abpcic.com//20250321/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

abpcic-20250321.xsd 
abpcic-20250321_lab.xml 
abpcic-20250321_pre.xml 
d944278d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-064779-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>d944278d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001634452 

2025-03-21 
2025-03-21 

AB Private Credit Investors Corp 
false 
0001634452 
8-K 
2025-03-21 
MD 
814-01196 
81-2491356 
405 Colorado Street 
Suite 1500 
Austin 
TX 
78701 
(512) 
721-2900 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>