<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-020854.txt : 20250205
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-020854.hdr.sgml : 20250205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250205163500
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-020854
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250204
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CSLM ACQUISITION CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001875493
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41219
		FILM NUMBER:		25593854

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O WALKERS CORPORATE LIMITED
		STREET 2:		190 ELGIN AVENUE
		CITY:			GEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-9008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(345) 949-0100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O WALKERS CORPORATE LIMITED
		STREET 2:		190 ELGIN AVENUE
		CITY:			GEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-9008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Consilium Acquisition Corp I, Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210728
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d925933d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

NONENONENONENONE0001875493false00018754932025-02-042025-02-040001875493us-gaap:CapitalUnitsMember2025-02-042025-02-040001875493csluf:ClassAOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-02-042025-02-040001875493us-gaap:WarrantMember2025-02-042025-02-040001875493csluf:RightsToAcquireOneTenthOfOneClassAOrdinaryShareMember2025-02-042025-02-04

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 5, 2025 (February 4, 2025)

CSLM Acquisition Corp.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Cayman Islands 001-41219 98-1602789

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

2400 E. Commercial Boulevard, Suite 900

Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33308

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(954) 315-9381

(Registrants telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934:

Title for each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, one right and one-half of one redeemable warrant CSLUF OTC Markets Group, Inc.

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share CSLMF OTC Markets Group, Inc.

Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 CSLWF OTC Markets Group, Inc.

Rights to acquire one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share CSLRF OTC Markets Group, Inc.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.

As previously disclosed, on January 22, 2024, CSLM Acquisition Corp. (CSLM) entered into a Merger Agreement, by and among CSLM, CSLM Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of CSLM (Merger Sub), and Fusemachines Inc., a Delaware corporation (Fusemachines) (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Merger Agreement). The Merger Agreement provides that, among other things and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, following the Domestication (as defined below) Merger Sub will merge with and into Fusemachines (the Merger), after which Fusemachines will be the surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation) and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CSLM (the Business Combination). On August 27, 2024, CSLM entered into an amendment to the Merger Agreement (the First Amendment) whereby CSLM shall continue out of the Cayman Islands and into the State of Delaware so as to re-domicile as and become a Delaware corporation by means of a merger of CSLM with and into a newly formed Delaware corporation pursuant to the Cayman Islands Companies Law and the applicable provisions of the DGCL, with such newly formed Delaware corporation becoming the surviving corporation in the merger (the Domestication). In addition, the First Amendment included a provision that increased the amount the Company may borrow from the Sponsor from $2,000,000 to $2,750,000.

On February 4, 2025, CSLM entered into a second amendment to the Merger Agreement (the 2nd Amendment) to (a) amend the definition of the PIPE Investment Amount to mean the sum of (i) $8,840,000, and (ii) the Contingent PIPE Investment Amount, if any; and (b) remove the delay fees incurred in connection with delivery of Fusemachines financial statements.

In connection with the 2nd Amendment, an affiliate (the Sponsor Affiliate)of Consilium Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company, CSLMs sponsor (the Sponsor), provided financing to Fusemachines in the amount of $2,160,000, in exchange for a new convertible note which note shall convert into shares of common stock of Fusemachines at a price of $0.44 per share (a) automatically at the time of the Business Combination, or (b) on July 12, 2025 at the option of the holder, if not, then payable in cash (the Escrow Note). The funds from the Escrow Note shall be put in an escrow account held at Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company, CSLMs transfer agent (CST) pursuant to an escrow agreement among CSLM, the Sponsor Affiliate, Fusemachines and CST (the Escrow Agreement) and shall be released to the Surviving Corporation upon the consummation of the Business Combination. In addition, the maturity dates on the two promissory notes issued by Fuse to the Sponsor Affiliate on January 25, 2024 in the amounts of $4.5 million and $2 million, were extended to July 12, 2025.

On February 4, 2025, in connection with the 2nd Amendment, the parties to that certain Subscription Agreement dated January 25, 2024 among Fusemachines, the Company, the Sponsor and an affiliate of the Sponsor (the Subscription Agreement), entered into an amendment to the Subscription Agreement to revise the PIPE Investment Amount to $8,840,000 (the Subscription Agreement Amendment).

The summary above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Merger Agreement, the First Amendment, the 2nd Amendment, the Subscription Agreement Amendment and the form of Escrow Agreement, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 10.1 and 10.2 and are incorporated herein. Unless otherwise defined herein, the capitalized terms used above are defined in the Merger Agreement, the First Amendment, the 2nd Amendment, , the Subscription Agreement Amendment and the form of Escrow Agreement.

Item 2.03 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.

As previously disclosed, on August 19, 2024, CSLM issued a 2nd amended and restated promissory note (the 2nd A&R Note) to increase the amount the Company may borrow from $2,000,000 to $2,750,000.

On February 4, 2025, CSLM issued a 3rd amended and restated promissory note (the 3rd A&R Note) to increase the amount the Company may borrow from $2,750,000 to $3,000,000. The 3rd A&R Note bears interest at a rate of 4.75% per annum, and is payable on the earlier to occur of (i) the date by which the Company has to complete a business combination or (ii) the effective date of a business combination. In the event of a Business Combination, the outstanding balance payable shall be repaid as follows: $1,491,000 of the Principal and its accrued and unpaid interest shall be converted into CSLMs Class A ordinary shares at a share price of Four Dollars ($4.00), and the balance shall be payable in cash at the closing of the Business Combination.

The foregoing description of the 3rd A&R Note is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 3rd A&R Note, a copy of which is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.3 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Important Information About the Business Combination and Where to Find It 

The Business Combination will be submitted to shareholders of CSLM for their consideration. CSLM intends to file the Registration Statement with the SEC which will include a preliminary proxy statement/prospectus (a Proxy Statement/Prospectus). A definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus will be mailed to CSLM shareholders as of a record date to be established for voting on the Business Combination. CSLM may also file other relevant documents regarding the Business Combination with the SEC. CSLMs shareholders and other interested persons are advised to read, once available, the preliminary Proxy Statement / Prospectus and any amendments thereto and, once available, the definitive Proxy Statement/Prospectus, in connection with CSLM solicitation of proxies for its extraordinary meeting of shareholders to be held to approve, among other things, the Business Combination, because these documents will contain important information about CSLM, Fusemachines and the Business Combination. Shareholders may also obtain a copy of the preliminary or definitive proxy statement, once available, as well as other documents filed with the SEC regarding the Business Combination and other documents filed with the SEC by CSLM, without charge, at the SECs website located at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to: CSLMs Chief Executive Officer at 2400 E. Commercial Boulevard, Suite 900 Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33308.

Participants in the Solicitation 

CSLM and Fusemachines and certain of their respective directors, executive officers and other members of management and employees may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the Business Combination under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and executive officers of CSLM and Fusemachines and a description of their interests in CSLM, Fusemachines and the Business Combination are set forth in CSLMs Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024, and/or will be contained in the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus when available, which documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.

Forward-Looking Statements 

The disclosure herein includes certain statements that are not historical facts but are forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions under the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as believe, may, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, should, would, plan, project, forecast, predict, potential, seem, seek, future, outlook, and similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward looking. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, (1) statements regarding estimates and forecasts of other financial, performance and operational metrics and projections of market opportunity; (2) references with respect to the anticipated benefits of the Proposed Business Combination and the projected future financial performance of Fusemachines following the Proposed Business Combination; (3) changes in the market for Fusemachines services and technology, expansion plans and opportunities; (4) the sources and uses of cash in connection with the Proposed Business Combination; (5) the anticipated capitalization and enterprise value of the combined company following the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination; (6) the projected technological developments of Fusemachines; (7) current and future potential commercial and customer relationships; (8) the ability to operate efficiently at scale; (9) anticipated investments in capital resources and research and development, and the effect of these investments; (10) the ability of the combined company to issue equity or equity-linked securities in the future; (11) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the business combination agreement; (12) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Fusemachines or CSLM following announcement of the Proposed Business Combination and the transactions contemplated thereby; (13) the inability to complete the Proposed Business Combination due to, among

other things, the failure to obtain CSLM stockholder approval on the expected terms and schedule as well as the risk that regulatory approvals required for the Proposed Business Combination are not obtained or are obtained subject to conditions that are not anticipated; (14) the risk that the Proposed Business Combination or another business combination may not be completed by CSLMs business combination deadline and the potential failure to obtain an extension of the business combination deadline; (15) unexpected costs related to the Proposed Business Combination; (16) limited liquidity and trading of CSLMs securities; (17) geopolitical risk and changes in applicable laws or regulations; (18) the possibility that CSLM and/or Fusemachines be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; (19) the inability to obtain the listing of the combined companys common stock on Nasdaq following the Proposed Business Combination, including but not limited to redemptions exceeding anticipated levels or the failure to meet Nasdaqs initial listing standards in connection with the consummation of the Proposed Business Combination; and (20) expectations related to the terms and timing of the Proposed Business Combination. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified in this press release, and on the current expectations of CSLMs and Fusemachines management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of CSLM and Fusemachines. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, as set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in CSLMs Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which was filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024, and/or will be contained in the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement/Prospectus when available, and in those other documents that CSLM has filed, or will file, with the SEC. If any of these risks materialize or our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties above are not exhaustive, and there may be additional risks that neither CSLM nor Fusemachines presently know or that CSLM and Fusemachines currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward looking statements reflect CSLMs and Fusemachiness expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. CSLM and Fusemachines anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause CSLMs and Fusemachiness assessments to change. However, while CSLM and Fusemachines may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, CSLM and Fusemachines specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing CSLMs and Fusemachiness assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this release. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements.

No Offer or Solicitation 

This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation to purchase, any securities in any jurisdiction, or the solicitation of any vote, consent or approval in any jurisdiction in connection with the Business Combination, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of any securities in any jurisdiction where, or to any person to whom, such offer, solicitation or sale may be unlawful under the laws of such jurisdiction. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute either advice or a recommendation regarding any securities. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of the Securities Act, or an exemption therefrom.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit

Number 

Description

2.1 Merger Agreement Amendment , dated as of January 22, 2024, by and among CSLM Acquisition Corp., CSLM Merger Sub, Inc. Fusemachines, Inc., (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 2.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 23, 2024).

2.2 Amendment No. 1 to Merger Agreement dated August 27, 2024 (incorporated by reference as Exhibit 2,2 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 30, 2024).

2.3 Amendment No. 2 to Merger Agreement dated February 4, 2025 

10.1 Subscription Agreement Amendment dated February 4, 2025 

10.2 Form of Escrow Agreement 

10.3 3rd Amended & Restated Promissory Note dated February 4, 2025 

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(2). The Registrant agrees to furnish a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request.

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

CSLM Acquisition Corp.

Dated: February 5, 2025 By: 

/s/ Charles Cassel

Name: Charles Cassel

Title: Chief Executive Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.3
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d925933dex23.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-2.3
<TEXT>
EX-2.3

Exhibit 2.3 

SECOND AMENDMENT TO MERGER AGREEMENT 

This Second Amendment to Merger Agreement (this Amendment), dated as of February 4, 2025, is entered into by and among
Fusemachines Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), CSLM Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares (together with its successors, including after the Domestication, Parent), and
CSLM Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Merger Sub). Capitalized and other defined terms used in this Amendment and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings given to them in the Original Merger Agreement
(as defined below). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Company, Parent and Merger Sub are parties to that certain Merger Agreement dated as of January 22, 2024, as amended by the
First Amendment to Merger Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2024 (together, the Original Merger Agreement); 

WHEREAS, the Company, Parent and Merger Sub desire to further amend the Original Merger Agreement as set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises set forth in this Amendment, and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. Amendment to Definition of
PIPE Investment Amount. The definition of PIPE Investment Amount is hereby deleted and amended to read in its entirety as follows: 

PIPE Investment Amount means, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, the sum of (i) (i) $8,840,000, and
(ii) the Contingent PIPE Investment Amount, if any. 

2. Amendment to Section 7.3. Section 7.3 of the
Original Merger Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the following phrases In the event the Company fails to deliver the 2023 Financial Statements to Parent by the PCAOB Audit Deadline, the Company shall pay a delay fee in the amount equal
to $35,000 for the first one-month delay to March 31,2024 (pro-rated for a partial month), $50,000 for the second one-month
delay to April 30, 2024 and thereafter $70,000 for each subsequent one-month delay (pro-rated for any partial month) (which fee shall be payable within two
(2) Business Days after such one-month period (or partial month period)). All payments under this Section 7.3 shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated in
writing by Parent. from such section. 

3. No Waiver. No waiver of any breach or default hereunder shall be considered valid
unless in writing, and no such waiver shall be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default of the same or similar nature. 

4.
Miscellaneous. 

(a) Entire Agreement. The Original Merger Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, together
with the Ancillary Agreements, sets forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements related thereto (whether written or oral),
all of which are merged herein. 

(b) Ratification. Except as amended hereby, the terms and provisions of the
Original Merger Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Original Merger Agreement and the terms of this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall govern and control.

(c) Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Amendment may be
executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which shall constitute one agreement. This Amendment shall become effective upon delivery to each party of an executed counterpart or the earlier delivery to each party
of original, photocopied, or electronically transmitted signature pages that together (but need not individually) bear the signatures of all other parties.

(d) Governing Law. This Amendment and all disputes or controversies arising out of or relating to this Amendment or the
transactions contemplated hereby, including the applicable statute of limitations, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or
rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the Law of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, intending to be legally bound hereby, have duly
executed this Amendment as of the day and year first above written. 

Parent:

CSLM ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Charles Cassel

Name: Charles Cassel III

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Merger Sub:

CSLM MERGER SUB, INC.

By: /s/ Charles Cassel

Name: Charles Cassel III

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Company:

FUSEMACHINES INC.

By: /s/ Sameer Maskey

Name: Sameer Maskey

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to
Second Amendment to Merger Agreement]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d925933dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

AMENDMENT TO SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 

CSLM
Acquisition Corp. 

2400 E. Commercial Boulevard, Suite 900 

Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33308 

Attention: Charles T. Cassel, III 

CSLM Holdings, Inc. 

2400 E. Commercial Boulevard, Suite 900

Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33308 

Attention: Charles T. Cassel, III

Consilium Investment Capital, Inc. 

2400 E. Commercial
Boulevard, Suite 900 

Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33308 

Attention:
Charles T. Cassel, III 

Fusemachines Inc. 

500 Seventh
Avenue, 7th Floor 

New York, NY 10018 

Attention: Sameer Raj
Maskey 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This Amendment (the
Amendment) to the Subscription Agreement dated August 29, 2024 (the Subscription Agreement) is being entered into as of the date set forth on the signature page hereto, by and among CSLM Acquisition Corp.,
a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares (CSLM Cayman), CSLM Holdings, Inc. a newly formed Delaware corporation (CSLM Delaware), Fusemachines, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), and Consilium Investment Capital, Inc., a Delaware corporation and the investor set forth in the Subscription Agreement (the Investor), in order to correct the Aggregate Subscription Amount and number
of Shares for which Investor subscribed, which amounts were set forth on the original signature page to the Subscription Agreement. 

Capitalized terms not
set forth herein have the meanings ascribed to them in the Subscription Agreement. 

An amended signature page to the Subscription Agreement is set forth below: 

Name of the Investor:

Consilium Investment Capital Inc. 

State/Country of Formation or Domicile:

Delaware

By: 

Name: Charles Cassel III

Title:
President 

Name in which Shares are to be registered (if different):

Affiliates of Investor to be determined at Closing 

Date:

August 29, 2024

Investors EIN:

56-2417635 

Business Address-Street:

2400 East Commercial Blvd, Suite 900 Mailing Address-Street (if different):

City, State, Zip:

Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33308 City, State, Zip:

Attention:

Charles Cassel III Attention:

Telephone No.:

954-315-9380 

Email:

ccassel@consimllc.com 

Number of Shares subscribed for:

884,000 

Aggregate Subscription Amount:

8,840,000 Price Per Share: $10.00

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date set forth below.

CSLM Holdings, Inc.

By: /s/ Charles T. Cassel

Name: Charles T. Cassel III

Title: Chief Executive Officer

CSLM Acquisition Corp.

By: /s/ Charles T. Cassel

Name: Charles T. Cassel III

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Agreed to and Accepted

Fusemachines Inc.

By: /s/ Sameer Maskey

Name: Sameer Maskey

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Date: February 4, 2025 

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d925933dex102.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.2
<TEXT>
EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

FUNDS ESCROW AGREEMENT 

This ESCROW AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made as of February 5, 2025, by and among CSLM Acquisition Corp., a
Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), Fusemachines Inc., a Delaware corporation (Fusemachines), Consilium Frontier Equity Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Investor), and
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, located at 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004, as escrow agent (the Escrow Agent). 

WITNESSETH: 

WHEREAS, Fusemachines has issued to the Investor, that certain Convertible Promissory Note dated February 4, 2025 (the
Note) in the principal amount of $2,160,000 (the Principal Amount) for the benefit of the combined company in connection with a business combination between the Company, CSLM Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Fusemachines (the Business Combination), as contemplated by that certain Merger Agreement dated January 22, 2024, as amended from time to time (the Merger
Agreement); 

WHEREAS, in order to preserve the Principal Amount for the benefit of the combined company after
consummation of the Business Combination (the Combined Company), the Investor proposes to establish an escrow account (the Escrow Account) into which the funds to be made available to the Combined Company
pursuant to the Note, shall be held in escrow until the consummation at the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing) or as set forth herein, and the Escrow Agent is willing, and has agreed, to establish the Escrow
Account, on the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth; and 

WHEREAS, the Company proposes to establish an
interest-bearing escrow account (the Escrow Account) at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank (the Bank) into which shall be deposited an amount of funds equal to the Principal Amount plus any interest earned. The Escrow Agent
is willing to establish the Escrow Account on the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the premises and mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

1. Defined Terms.
Each capitalized term not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Note, which is incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof and a copy of which is attached to this Agreement in Annex A. 

2. Establishment of the Escrow Account. 

2.1 The Escrow Agent shall establish the Escrow Account at the branch of the Bank selected by the Escrow Agent, and bearing the designation
set forth on the Escrow Agreement Information Sheet attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Information Sheet). The purpose of the Escrow Account is for the deposit of the Principal Amount delivered to the Escrow Agent pursuant
to Section 3.1, (including interest earned thereon for the benefit of Investor), all as described herein. 

3. Deposits to the Escrow Account. 

3.1 The Investor shall cause the Principal Amount to be deposited into the Escrow Account (as set forth on Exhibit A-1, the Investor Funds Information). 

3.2 Promptly after receiving the Principal
Amount as described in Section 3.1, the Escrow Agent shall credit and deposit the same into the Escrow Account. Such amount so deposited (including interest earned thereon) is hereinafter referred to as Escrow
Amount. The Escrow Agent shall cause the Bank to process the Escrow Amount for collection through the banking system. 

3.3 Upon
the Escrow Agents receipt of the Principal Amount, such Principal Amount shall be credited to the Escrow Account. The Escrow Agent shall not accept or recognize for credit to the Escrow Account any deposit for which the Escrow Agent has not
received the appropriate Investor Funds Information. 

3.4 The Escrow Agent shall not be required to accept in the Escrow Account any
amounts except during the Escrow Agents regular business hours. 

3.5 Only those Escrow Amounts (a) for which the required
Investor Funds Information has been received and (b) that have cleared the banking system and have been collected by the Escrow Agent (together with all products and proceeds earned with respect to the Escrow Amounts, including all interest,
dividends, gains and other income thereof), are herein referred to, collectively, as the Funds. 

4. Disbursement
from the Escrow Account. 

4.1 If the Merger Agreement is validly terminated in accordance with its terms, then the Company and
Fusemachines shall jointly deliver written notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the Release Notice) to the Escrow Agent directing the Escrow Agent to disburse to the Investor all of the Funds in the Escrow
Account. 

4.2 Upon the Closing, the Company and Fusemachines shall jointly deliver a Release Notice to
the Escrow Agent directing the Escrow Agent to disburse to the Combined Company all of the Funds in the Escrow Account. 

4.3. Upon receipt
of the Release Notice, the Escrow Agent shall promptly (but no later than two (2) business days following receipt of such Release Notice) disburse the Funds in accordance with the Release Notice; providedthat, in the event
written instruction is delivered to the Escrow Agent, the Escrow Agent is authorized to and shall seek confirmation of such instruction by telephone call back to the Companys and Fusemachines officers, and the Escrow Agent may rely upon
the confirmations of anyone purporting to be an officer of the Company or Fusemachines if reached at the telephone number(s) set forth on Exhibit C-1 and Exhibit
C-2. If the Escrow Agent is unable to verify the written instruction pursuant to the procedures set forth in this Agreement, or is not satisfied with the verification it receives, the Escrow Agent shall
promptly notify the Company and Fusemachines of such inability to verify or non-satisfaction of verification, and it will not perform the written instruction until all such issues have been resolved to the
reasonable satisfaction of the Escrow Agent. The telephone numbers for call backs under this Agreement may be changed only in writing, executed by an authorized officer of the Company or Fusemachines as applicable. 

4.4 Upon full disbursement of the Funds pursuant to the terms of this Section 4, the Escrow Agent shall be relieved
of further obligations and released from all liability under this Agreement. It is expressly agreed and understood that in no event shall the aggregate amount of payments made by the Escrow Agent exceed the amount of the Funds. 

5. Rights, Duties and Responsibilities of Escrow Agent. It is understood and agreed that the duties of the Escrow Agent are purely
ministerial in nature, and that: 

5.1 The Escrow Agent shall notify the Company and Fusemachines, on a daily basis, of the Escrow Amounts
which have been deposited in the Escrow Account and of the amounts, constituting the Fund, which have cleared the banking system and have been collected by the Escrow Agent. 

5.2 The Escrow Agent shall not be responsible for or be required to enforce any of the terms or conditions of the Merger Agreement or any
other agreement between the Company and Fuse, on the one hand, and the Investor, on the other hand, nor shall the Escrow Agent be responsible for the performance by the Company, Fusemachines or the Investor of their obligations under this Agreement.

5.3 The Escrow Agent shall not be required to keep records of any information with respect to the Principal Amount deposited by the
Investor except as to the amount of such deposit; provided, however, that the Escrow Agent shall notify the Company and Fusemachines within two (2) business days of any discrepancy between the amount set forth in the Investor
Funds Information and the amount delivered to the Escrow Agent therewith. Such amount need not be accepted for deposit in the Escrow Account until such discrepancy has been resolved. 

5.4 The Escrow Agent shall be entitled to reasonably rely upon the accuracy, act in reliance upon the contents, and assume the genuineness of
any notice, instruction, certificate, signature, instrument or other document which is given to the Escrow Agent pursuant to this Agreement without the necessity of the Escrow Agent verifying the truth or accuracy thereof. The Escrow Agent shall not
be obligated to make any inquiry as to the authority, capacity, existence or identity of any person purporting to give any such notice or instructions or to execute any such certificate, instrument or other document. 

5.5 If the Escrow Agent is uncertain as to its duties or rights hereunder or shall receive
instructions with respect to the Escrow Account, the Escrow Amounts or the Funds which, in its sole determination, are in conflict either with other instructions received by it or with any provision of this Agreement, so long as it promptly informs
the Company and Fusemachines in writing of such opinion, it shall be entitled to hold the disputed Escrow Amounts, the Fund, or a portion thereof, in the Escrow Account pending the resolution of such uncertainty to the Escrow Agents discretion
(to be exercised in good faith), by final judgment of a court or courts of competent jurisdiction or otherwise. 

5.6 The Escrow Agent
shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted hereunder, or for the misconduct of any employee, agent or attorney appointed by it, except in the case of willful misconduct, fraud or gross negligence. The Escrow Agent shall be entitled to
consult with counsel of its own choosing and shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in accordance with the advice of such counsel, except in the case of willful misconduct, fraud or gross negligence. 

5.7 The Escrow Agent shall have no responsibility at any time to ascertain whether or not any security interest exists in the Escrow Amounts,
the Funds or any part thereof or to file any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code with respect to the Fund or any part thereof. 

5.8 The Escrow Agent shall perform all of its obligations under this Agreement and shall not deliver custody or possession of any of the
Escrow Amounts or the Funds to anyone except pursuant to the express terms of this Agreement or as otherwise required by law. 

6.
Amendment; Resignation or Removal of Escrow Agent. This Agreement may be altered or amended only with the written consent of the Company, Fusemachines, the Investor and the Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agent may resign and be discharged from its
duties hereunder at any time by giving written notice of such resignation to the Company, Fusemachines and the Investor, specifying the date on which such resignation shall take effect (the Escrow Agent Resignation Notice), and
upon delivery of the Fund to the successor escrow agent designated by the Company in writing (which successor escrow agent shall be acceptable to the Investors). Such successor escrow agent shall become the Escrow Agent hereunder upon the
resignation date specified in the Escrow Agent Resignation Notice. The Company and Fusemachines, acting jointly shall have the right at any time to remove the Escrow Agent and substitute a successor escrow agent (which successor escrow agent shall
be acceptable to the Investor) by giving written notice thereof to the Escrow Agent then acting. The Escrow Agent shall, in each case, continue to serve until its successor accepts the Escrow Account and receives the Funds. Upon its resignation and
delivery of the Funds as set forth in this Section 6, the Escrow Agent shall be discharged of and from any and all further obligations arising in connection with the escrow contemplated by this Agreement. Without limiting
the provisions of Section 8 hereof, the resigning Escrow Agent shall be entitled to be reimbursed by the Company for any reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with its resignation, transfer of the Funds to a successor escrow agent or distribution of the Funds pursuant to this
Section 6. 

7. Representations and Warranties. The Investor, the Company, and Fusemachines,
hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Escrow Agent that: 

7.1 No party other than the parties hereto have, or shall
have, any lien, claim or security interest in the Escrow Amounts or the Funds or any part thereof. 

7.2 No financing statement under the
Uniform Commercial Code is on file in any jurisdiction claiming a security interest in or describing (whether specifically or generally) the Escrow Amounts or the Funds or any part thereof. 

7.3 The Investor Funds Information shall, at the time of submission and at the time of the disbursement of the Funds, be deemed a
representation and warranty that such deposit represents a bona fide payment of the monies described therein for the amount set forth in such Investor Funds Information. 

7.4 All of the information contained in the Escrow Agreement Information Sheet attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Information
Sheet) is, as of the date hereof, and will be, at the time of any disbursement of the Funds, true and correct. 

7.5 Reasonable
controls have been established and required due diligence has been performed to comply with Know Your Customer regulations, USA Patriot Act, Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) regulations and the Bank Secrecy Act. 

8. Fees and Expenses. The Escrow Agent shall be entitled to the Escrow Agent Fees and Charges set forth on the Information Sheet,
payable as and when stated therein. In addition, the Company agrees to reimburse the Escrow Agent for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with this Agreement, including, but not limited to, reasonable and documented counsel fees. 

9. Indemnification and
Contribution. 

9.1 The Investor and Fusemachines (collectively referred to as the Indemnitors) jointly and
severally, (provided, that as between the Investor and Fusemachines, such indemnification will be on a 50/50 basis), shall indemnify the Escrow Agent and its officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively referred to as the
Indemnitees) against, and hold them harmless of and from, any and all actual loss, liability, cost, damage and expense, including without limitation, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket counsel fees, which the Indemnitees may suffer or incur by reason of any action, claim or proceeding brought against the Indemnitees arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, unless
such action, claim or proceeding is the result of the willful misconduct, fraud or gross negligence of the Indemnitees. 

9.2 If the
indemnification provided for in Section 9.1 is applicable, but for any reason is held to be unavailable, the Indemnitors shall contribute (on a 50/50 basis) such amounts as are just and equitable to pay, or to reimburse the
Indemnitees for, the aggregate of any and all losses, liabilities, costs, damages and expenses, including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket counsel fees, actually
incurred by the Indemnitees as a result of or in connection with, and any amount paid in settlement of, any action, claim or proceeding arising out of or relating in any way to any actions or omissions of the Indemnitors. 

9.3 The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive any termination
of this Agreement, whether by disbursement of the Fund, resignation of the Escrow Agent or otherwise. 

10. Termination of
Agreement. This Agreement shall terminate upon the final disposition of the Funds in accordance with Section 4, provided that the rights of the Escrow Agent and the obligations of the other parties hereto set forth in
Section 9 shall survive any termination hereof and the resignation or removal of the Escrow Agent. 

11.
Governing Law and Assignment. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof, and shall be binding, upon the parties hereto
and their respective successors and assigns; provided, however, that any assignment or transfer by any party of its rights under this Agreement or with respect to the Escrow Amounts or the Funds shall be void as against the Escrow
Agent unless (a) written notice thereof shall be given to the Escrow Agent; and (b) the Escrow Agent shall have consented in writing to such assignment or transfer (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld). 

12. Notices. All notices required to be given in connection with this Agreement shall be sent by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested, or by hand delivery with receipt acknowledged, or by overnight courier, and addressed, (i) if to the Company or Fuse, at its address set forth on the Information Sheet, (ii) if to any Investor, at its address set forth
in the Investor Funds Information, and (iii) if to the Escrow Agent, at its address as follows: 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004, Attention: Trust Department. 

13. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to any person or circumstance shall be determined to be
invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement or the application of such provision to persons or circumstances other than those to which it is held invalid or unenforceable shall not be affected thereby and shall be valid and
enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

14. Execution in Several Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
several counterparts or by separate instruments and all of such counterparts and instruments shall constitute one agreement, binding on all of the parties hereto. 

15. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings (written or oral) of the parties in connection therewith. 

16. Confidentiality. Except as required by applicable law, the Escrow Agent agrees to
keep confidential, and to cause any of its affiliates or agents to keep confidential and not to disclose any and all documents, materials, and any other non-public information which it shall have obtained
regarding the parties hereto in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and its performance of its duties and obligations hereunder. This Section 16 shall survive termination of this Agreement for a
period of twelve (12) months after such termination. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank. Signature page follows.]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first above
written. 

ESCROW AGENT:

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY

By: 

Name: Francis Wolf

Title: Vice President

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first above
written. 

COMPANY:

CSLM ACQUISITION CORP.

By: 

Name:

Title:

FUSEMACHINES:

FUSEMACHINES INC.

By: 

Name:

Title:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first above
written. 

INVESTOR:

CONSILIUM FRONTIER EQUITY FUND, LP

By: 

Name:

Title:

EXHIBIT A 

ESCROW AGREEMENT INFORMATION SHEET 

1. 

The Company / 

Name: 

Address: 

Tax Identification Number: 

2. 

FUSEMACHINES INC.

Name: Fusemachines, Inc. 

Address: 

Tax Identification
Number: 

3. 

Title of Escrow Account

Continental Stock Transfer & Trust as Agent for the Company, FuseMachines Inc. Escrow 2024 

4. 

Escrow Agent Fees and Charges

$7,500.00 + $3,500.00 (Interest-bearing account) - This fee covers all account set-up services, KYC,
OFAC, and USA Patriot Act due diligence, release instructions, ongoing account, compliance review, records retention, and escheat services. The escrow agent acceptance fee and administration fee is due and payable upon the effective date of
appointment.

EXHIBIT A1 

INVESTOR FUNDS INFORMATION 

EXHIBIT B 

RELEASE NOTICE 

To: 

CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY 

Jaswinder Goraya, Francis Wolf, Matthew Velazquez 

jgoraya@continentalstock.com; fwolf@continentalstock.com; mvelazquez@continentalstock.com 

From: 

CSLM Acquisition Corp. & Fusemachines, Inc. 

Date: ____________, 20__ 

RE: Joint Release Notice 

Reference is hereby made to that certain Escrow Agreement, dated February __, 2025 (the Escrow Agreement), CSLM Acquisition
Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the Company), Fusemachines Inc., a Delaware corporation (Fusemachines), Consilium Frontier Equity Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Investor), and Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company, located at 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004, as escrow agent (the Escrow Agent). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Release Notice have the meanings ascribed to such terms in
the Escrow Agreement. 

You are hereby authorized and directed to disburse [all of the Funds that are held in the Escrow Account][a amount
of the Funds that are held in the Escrow Account equal to $[] in the following manner: 

Wire Transfer Instructions: 

Bank Name: _____________________ 

ABA#__________________________ 

Account Name:
_________________________________________________________ 

Account Number: __________________ 

Callback Contact Name & No. to confirm the wire transfer Instructions: 

If you have any questions, please contact the parties. 

Thank you, 

CSLM ACQUISITION CORP.

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

FUSEMACHINES

[Name]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Name]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT C-1

CERTIFICATE AS TO OFFICERS AUTHORIZED SIGNATURES 

The specimen signatures and the phone numbers shown below are those of the officers of the Company who are authorized to initiate, verify and approve
transactions in connection with the Escrow Account established under this Agreement. 

Name / Title / Telephone Specimen Signature

Name Signature

Title 

Phone Mobile Phone

Name Signature

Title 

Phone Mobile Phone

Name Signature

EXHIBIT C-2 

CERTIFICATE AS TO OFFICERS AUTHORIZED SIGNATURES 

The specimen signatures and the phone numbers shown below are those of the officers of Fusemachines who are authorized to initiate, verify and approve
transactions in connection with the Escrow Account established under this Agreement. 

Name / Title / Telephone Specimen Signature

Name Signature

Title 

Phone Mobile Phone

Name Signature

Title 

Phone Mobile Phone
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d925933dex103.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
EX-10.3

Exhibit 10.3 

THIS PROMISSORY NOTE (THIS NOTE) HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR
UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE. THIS NOTE IS SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE. THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND
THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE MAKER MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE MAKER TO THE EFFECT THAT ANY SALE OR OTHER DISPOSITION IS
IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

CONSILIUM ACQUISITION CORP. 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: Up to $3,000,000.00 Dated as of February 4, 2025

This Third Amended and Restated Promissory Note amends in full, extends and modifies that certain Second Amended Promissory
Note dated August 19, 2024 (the Original Note ), in the principal amount of Two Million, Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars ($2,750,000) made by CSLM Acquisition Corp. (formerly Consilium Acquisition Corp. I, Ltd., a
Cayman Islands exempted company, the Maker), in favor of Consilium Acquisition Sponsor I, LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (Payee). The debt evidenced herein shall replace and discharge the debt
evidenced by the Original Note, plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon. This Third Amended and Restated Promissory Note is referred to herein as the Note. 

WHEREFORE: Maker promises to pay Payee, or order, the principal balance as set forth on Schedule A hereto, together with all accrued
and unpaid interest due on such outstanding balance, in cash in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below; which schedule shall be updated from time to time by the parties hereto to reflect all
advances and re-advances of principal outstanding under this Note; provided that at no time shall the aggregate of all advances and re-advances of principal outstanding
under this note exceed THREE MILLION DOLLARS ($3,000,000.00) (the Maximum Amount). Any advance hereunder shall be made by the Payee upon a request of Maker and shall be set forth on Schedule A. All payments on this Note shall be
made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by Maker to such account as Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. 

1. Principal. All unpaid principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest (the Outstanding Balance Payable), under
this Note shall be due and payable in full on the earlier of: (i) the date by which Maker has to complete a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more
businesses (a Business Combination) pursuant to Article 166 of its Amended and Restated Memorandum of Association (as it may be amended from time to time), and (ii) the effective date of a Business

Combination (such earlier date of (i) and (ii), the Maturity Date), unless accelerated upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined below). Any outstanding
principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, under this Note may be prepaid at any time by Maker, at its election and without penalty. Under no circumstances shall any individual, including, but not limited to, any officer, director,
employee or stockholder of Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations or liabilities of Maker hereunder. 

Notwithstanding the
foregoing in the event of a Business Combination, the Outstanding Balance Payable of the Note shall be as follows: $1,491,000 of the Principal and its accrued and unpaid interest shall be converted into Makers Class A ordinary
shares at a share price of Four Dollars ($4.00), and the balance shall be payable in cash at the closing of the Business Combination. 

2.
Drawdown Requests. Maker and Payee agree that Maker may request, from time to time, up to the Maximum Amount in drawdowns under this Note to be used for working capital purposes. The principal of this Note may be drawn down from time to time
prior to the Maturity Date upon request from Maker to Payee (each, a Drawdown Request). Each Drawdown Request must state the amount to be drawn down, and must not be an amount less than Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) unless
agreed upon by Maker and Payee. Payee shall fund each Drawdown Request no later than three (3) business days after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided, however, that the maximum amount of drawdowns outstanding under this Note at any time
may not exceed the Maximum Amount. No fees, payments or other amounts shall be due to Payee in connection with, or as a result of, any Drawdown Request by Maker. 

3. Interest. From the date hereof until the payment in full of this Note, the unpaid principal balance of this Note shall bear
interest, which shall accrue daily based on actual days elapsed and a 365- day year, at the rate of 4.75% per annum. All accrued and unpaid interest shall be due and payable in full on the Maturity Date. 

4. Application of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum
due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorneys fees, then to the payment in full of any accrued and unpaid interest on this Note, and then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the
unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

5. Events of Default. The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an event of
default (Event of Default): 

a. Failure to Make Required Payments. Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount
and interest due pursuant to this Note on the Maturity Date. 

b. Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The commencement by Maker of a
voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator
(or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of
corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

2 

c. Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc. The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court
having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official)
of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty
(60) consecutive days. 

6. Remedies. 

a. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a). Payee may, by written notice to Maker,
declare this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable thereunder, including any accrued and unpaid interest, shall become immediately due and payable without
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

b. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(b) or Section 5(c). the unpaid principal balance of this
Note, and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, including all accrued and unpaid interest, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on the part of Payee. 

7. Waivers. Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of
dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or
future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or
extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order
desired by Payee. 

8. Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance,
performance, default, or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time,
renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and
agrees that additional makers endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Makers liability hereunder. 

3 

9. Notices. All notices, statements or other documents which are required or
contemplated by this Note shall be: (i) in writing and delivered personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail or overnight courier service to the address most recently provided to such party or such other address as may be
designated in writing by such party, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other facsimile number as may be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail
address most recently provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so delivered or transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of
delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (I) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days after
mailing if sent by mail. 

10. Construction. THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
NEW YORK. 

11. Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall,
as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

12. Trust Waiver. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Payee
hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind (Claim) in or to any distribution of or from the trust account established in which proceeds of Makers initial public offering (including the deferred
underwriters discounts and commissions) and proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were deposited, as described in greater detail in the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 261570) filed by Maker with the Securities and Exchange Commission, that was declared effective on January 12, 2022, and the related prospectus, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse,
reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever, including the payment of interest on this Note. 

13. Amendment; Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of
Maker and Payee. 

14. Assignment; Successors and Assigns. Subject to Section 15, no assignment or transfer of this Note or any
rights or obligations hereunder may be made by either party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise) with the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void. This Note shall
be binding upon and benefit the permitted successors and permitted assigns of a party hereto. 

15. Transfer of this Note. With
respect to any sale or other disposition of this Note, Payee shall give written notice to Maker prior thereto, describing briefly the manner thereof, together with(i) except for a Permitted Transfer, in which case the requirements in this clause
(i) shall not apply, a written opinion reasonably satisfactory to Maker in form and substance from counsel reasonably satisfactory to Maker to the effect that such sale or other distribution may be effected without registration or qualification
under any federal or state law then in effect and (ii) a written undertaking executed by the desired transferee reasonably satisfactory to Maker in form and substance agreeing to be bound by the restrictions on transfer contained herein. Upon
receiving such written notice, reasonably satisfactory opinion, or other evidence, and such written 

4 

acknowledgement, Maker, as promptly as practicable, shall notify Payee that Payee may sell or otherwise dispose of this Note, all in accordance with the terms of the note delivered to Maker. If a
determination has been made pursuant to this Section 15 that the opinion of counsel for Payee, or other evidence, or the written acknowledgment from the desired transferee, is not reasonably satisfactory to Maker, Maker shall so notify Payee
promptly after such determination has been made. Each Note thus transferred shall bear a legend as to the applicable restrictions on transferability in order to ensure compliance with the Securities Act, unless in the opinion of counsel for Maker
such legend is not required in order to ensure compliance with the Securities Act. Maker may issue stop transfer instructions to its transfer agent in connection with such restrictions. Subject to the foregoing, transfers of this Note shall be
registered upon registration on the books maintained for such purpose by or on behalf of Maker. Prior to presentation of this Note for registration of transfer, Maker shall treat the registered holder hereof as the owner and holder of this Note for
the purpose of receiving all payments of principal and interest hereon and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not this Note shall be overdue and Maker shall not be affected by notice to the contrary. For purposes hereof Permitted
Transfer shall have the same meaning as any transfer that would be permitted for the Private Placement Warrants under the Letter Agreement, dated January 12, 2022, by and among Maker and each of Payee and the other parties thereto. 

16. Acknowledgment. Payee is acquiring this Note for investment for its own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to,
or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof. Payee understands that the acquisition of this Note involves substantial risk. Payee has experience as an investor in securities of companies and acknowledges that it is able to fend for
itself, can bear the economic risk of its investment in this Note, and has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of this investment in this Note and protecting its own
interests in connection with this investment. 

[signature page follows] 

5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by
the undersigned as of the day and year first above written. 

CSLM ACQUISITION CORP.

By: 

/s/ Charles T. Cassel

Name: Charles T. Cassel III

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Acknowledged and agreed as of the day and year first above written.

CONSILIUM ACQUISITION SPONSOR I, LLC

By: /s/ Charles T. Cassel

Name: Charles T. Cassel III

Title: Manager

6 

SCHEDULE A 

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Note to which this schedule is attached to, the principal balance due under the Note shall be set forth
in the table below and shall be updated from time to time to reflect all advances and re-advances outstanding under the Note. 

Date 

Drawing 

Interest Earned 

Principal Balance 

March 9, 2023 90,000.00 4.75 % 90,000.00 

March 10, 2023 210,000.00 4.75 % 300,000.00 

May 11, 2023 90,000.00 4.75 % 390,000.00 

May 12, 223 210,000.00 4.75 % 600,000.00 

August 17,2023 300,000.00 4.75 % 900,000.00 

October 11, 2023 9,000.00 4.75 % 909,000.00 

October 13, 2023 21,000.00 4.75 % 930,000.00 

November 10, 2023 300,000.00 4.75 % 1,230,000.00 

7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>csluf-20250204.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>csluf-20250204_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>csluf-20250204_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Information [Table] 
Document Information [Table] 

Document Information [Line Items] 
Document Information [Line Items] 

Class of Stock [Axis] 
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Class of Stock [Domain] 
Class of Stock [Domain] 

Capital Units [Member] 
Capital Units [Member] 

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share [Member] 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share [Member] 

Warrant [Member] 
Warrant [Member] 

Rights to acquire one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share [Member] 
Rights to acquire one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share [Member] 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address Address Line 1 
Entity Address Address Line 1 

Entity Address Address Line 2 
Entity Address Address Line 2 

Entity Address City Or Town 
Entity Address City Or Town 

Entity Address State Or Province 
Entity Address State Or Province 

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Entity Ex Transition Period 
Entity Ex Transition Period 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>csluf-20250204_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Document and Entity Information

Feb. 04, 2025

Document Information [Line Items] 

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Feb. 04, 2025

Entity Registrant Name CSLM Acquisition Corp.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code E9

Entity File Number 001-41219

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1602789

Entity Address Address Line 1 2400 E. Commercial Boulevard

Entity Address Address Line 2 Suite 900

Entity Address City Or Town Ft. Lauderdale

Entity Address State Or Province FL

Entity Address Postal Zip Code 33308

City Area Code 954

Local Phone Number 315-9381

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Entity Ex Transition Period false

Entity Central Index Key 0001875493

Amendment Flag false

Capital Units [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, one right and one-half of one redeemable warrant

Trading Symbol CSLUF

Security Exchange Name NONE

Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol CSLMF

Security Exchange Name NONE

Warrant [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50

Trading Symbol CSLWF

Security Exchange Name NONE

Rights to acquire one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share [Member] 

Document Information [Line Items] 

Security 12b Title Rights to acquire one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share

Trading Symbol CSLRF

Security Exchange Name NONE

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CapitalUnitsMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=csluf_ClassAOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=csluf_RightsToAcquireOneTenthOfOneClassAOrdinaryShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
5 
24 
1 
false 
4 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
000001 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://cslm.com//20250204/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

csluf-20250204.xsd 
csluf-20250204_def.xml 
csluf-20250204_lab.xml 
csluf-20250204_pre.xml 
d925933d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-020854-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>d925933d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001875493 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0001875493 

us-gaap:CapitalUnitsMember 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0001875493 

csluf:ClassAOrdinarySharesParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0001875493 

us-gaap:WarrantMember 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

0001875493 

csluf:RightsToAcquireOneTenthOfOneClassAOrdinaryShareMember 

2025-02-04 
2025-02-04 

NONE 
NONE 
NONE 
NONE 
0001875493 
false 
8-K 
2025-02-04 
CSLM Acquisition Corp. 
E9 
001-41219 
98-1602789 
2400 E. Commercial Boulevard 
Suite 900 
Ft. Lauderdale 
FL 
33308 
954 
315-9381 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, one right and one-half of one redeemable warrant 
CSLUF 
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share 
CSLMF 
Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 
CSLWF 
Rights to acquire one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share 
CSLRF 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>