<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001683168-25-001986.txt : 20250328
<SEC-HEADER>0001683168-25-001986.hdr.sgml : 20250328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250328163027
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-25-001986
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250211
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM INFORMATION:		Changes in Control of Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Collective Audience, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001854583
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		EIN:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40723
		FILM NUMBER:		25786840

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		85 BROAD STREET 16-079
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(808) 829-1057

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		85 BROAD STREET 16-079
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Abri SPAC I, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210331
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>collective_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?COLLECTIVE AUDIENCE, INC. Form 8-K

false--12-31000185458300018545832025-02-112025-02-11iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): February 11,
2025

COLLECTIVE AUDIENCE, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-40723 86-2861807

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS Employer

Identification No.)

85 Broad Street

New York, NY10004

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (808)829-1057

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is
intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange

on which registered

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company x

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01 Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement.

On March 19, 2025, Collective
Audience, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), entered into that certain Debt for Equity Exchange Agreement (the
Abri Exchange Agreement 1) with Abri Ventures I, LLC (Abri). Pursuant to the Abri Exchange Agreement 1, the
Company converted certain outstanding debt in the amount of $1,000,000 owed by the Company to Abri, into 39,350,000 shares (the Common
Exchange Shares) of the Companys common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the Common Stock), in accordance
with the terms thereof.

On March 21, 2025, the
Company entered into that certain Debt for Equity Exchange Agreement (the Abri Exchange Agreement 2) with Abri. Pursuant
to the Abri Exchange Agreement 2, the Company converted certain outstanding debt in the amount of $2,629,112 owed by the Company to Abri,
into 21,033 shares of the Companys newly created Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred) (the Preferred
Exchange Shares), in accordance with the terms thereof.

On March 21, 2025, the
Company entered into that certain Debt for Equity Exchange Agreement (the Bordes Exchange Agreement, and together with Abri
Exchange Agreement 1 and Abri Exchange Agreement 2, the Exchange Agreements) with Peter Bordes, the Companys chief
executive officer. Pursuant to the Bordes Exchange Agreement, the Company converted certain outstanding debt in the amount of $300,000
owed by the Company to Bordes into 7,978 shares of Series A Preferred (the Bordes Exchange Shares, and together with the
Common Exchange Shares and the Preferred Exchange Shares, the Exchange Shares), in accordance with the terms thereof.

The foregoing summary
of the terms of the Exchange Agreements are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Exchange
Agreements, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 to this Current Report and are incorporated in this Item 1.01 by reference.

Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information set forth in Item 1.01 is incorporated into this Item
3.02 by reference.

On February 11, 2025, per the terms of certain
convertible promissory notes made by the Company in favor of Abri, Abri notified the Company of its election to convert $648,297.78 of
the outstanding balance thereunder into 102,094,138 shares (the Conversion 1 Shares) of Common Stock. Further, per
the terms of additional convertible promissory notes made by the Company in favor of Abri, on February 20, 2025, Abri notified the Company
of its election to convert $218,816.00 of the outstanding balance thereunder into 34,459,213 shares of Common Stock (the Conversion
2 Shares and, together with the Exchange Shares and the Conversion 1 Shares, the Shares).

The issuance of the Shares by the Company have
not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or any state securities laws,
and the Shares were issued in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance upon the exemption
from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder.

2 

Item 5.01 Change of Control of Registrant.

The information set forth in the second paragraph
of Item 3.02 is incorporated into this Item 5.01 by reference.

Prior to the issuance of the Conversion 1 Shares,
control of the company was not concentrated in any individual or affiliate stockholder group. Based on information reported by Abri in
an amendment to its Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on February 27, 2025, immediately prior to the issuance of the Conversion 1 Shares,
Abri owned no shares of the Companys common stock. Based on 19,665,363 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as disclosed
by the Company in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2024, immediately after the issuance of the Conversion 1 Shares,
Abri owned 83.85% of the Companys outstanding Common Stock, resulting in a change in control of the Company. Following the issuance
of the Conversion 2 Shares, the Exchange Shares, and certain private stock purchases with other stockholders of the Company (as described
by Abri in an amendment to its Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on March 20, 2025), Abri now owns 92.38% of the Companys outstanding
Common Stock.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change
in Fiscal Year.

Series A Preferred
Stock

On March 28, 2025, the
Company filed a Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (the Series A Certificate of Designation) with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, designating 10,000,000 shares of the Companys preferred stock as Series A Preferred
Stock.

The terms and conditions
set forth in the Series A Certificate of Designation are summarized below:

Par Value. The
Series A Preferred has a par value of $1,000 per share.

Dividends. The
holders of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive, when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors
(the Board), out of funds or assets legally available therefor, cumulative dividends at the annual rate of eighteen percent
(18%) per annum of the Original Issue Price (as defined below), calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day
months and shall accrue on a daily basis from the date of issuance of such Series A Preferred, whether or not declared. The Original
Issue Price shall mean $1,000 per share, subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination,
recapitalization, or other similar event affecting such shares. At the Companys option, dividends on the Series A Preferred may
be paid in (i) cash, (ii) by issuing additional fully paid and non-assessable shares of Series A Preferred (PIK Dividends),
(iii) by distributing to holders of the Series A Preferred Share assets or property of the Company (Asset Dividends), or
(iv) any combination of cash, PIK Dividends, and Asset Dividends.

Such dividends (whether
paid in cash, in PIK Dividends, or as an Asset Distribution) shall be payable in preference and priority to any dividend on any Common
Stock. The Company shall not declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock (whether payable in cash, securities, or other property),
without the written consent of holders of a majority of Series A Preferred Shares then issued and outstanding.

Voting. Except
as provided by the Charter, or as otherwise required by Delaware law, holders of Series A Preferred are entitled to 10 votes per share
of Series A Preferred held voting together as a single class with the Common Stock holders. However, the Company may not, without the
consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred, (i) change its charter or bylaws to harm the Series
A Preferred, (ii) issue or promise to issue any stock that is equal or senior to the Series A Preferred, (iii) make the Series A Preferred
convertible into anything else, (iv) alter any stock that is on the same or lower level as the Series A Preferred to make it higher or
equal, (v) buy back or pay dividends on any stock other than the Series A Preferred as allowed by its certificate, (vi) borrow more than
$50,000, (vii) create or sell any non-wholly owned subsidiary or its assets, (viii) change the size of the Board of Directors, (ix) liquidate,
merge, or sell the Company, or (x) modify any agreement with a founder, director, officer, or Series A Preferred holder.

3 

Conversion. The
Series A Preferred are not convertible.

Redemption. The
Company or the holders of Series A Preferred can choose to redeem the Series A Preferred after five (5) years from the date they were
issued, by paying the Original Issue Price plus any unpaid dividends in cash. The Company must notify the holders at least 30 days before
the redemption date, stating how many shares, the date, and the price of redemption.

Liquidation. In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, or any Deemed Liquidation Event
(as defined below) (collectively, a Liquidation Event), the holders of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive,
prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets, funds, or proceeds available for distribution of the Company (Available
Proceeds) to the holders of Common Stock or any other class or series of capital stock ranking junior to the Series A Preferred
upon liquidation, by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the Original Issue Price multiplied by 10.0, plus
all accrued but unpaid dividends thereon (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any dividends that would be payable in the form of PIK
Dividends if such dividends had been declared and paid at the time of such Liquidation Event) (the Liquidation Preference).

The foregoing summary
of the Series A Certificate of Designation does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the copy
of the Series A Certificate of Designation attached as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report, which is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. Description

3.1 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock.

10.1 Debt for Equity Exchange Agreement, by and between the Company and Abri Ventures I, LLC, dated March 19, 2025

10.2 Debt for Equity Exchange Agreement, by and between the Company and Abri Ventures I, LLC, dated March 21, 2025

10.3 Debt for Equity Exchange Agreement, by and between the Company and Peter Bordes, dated March 21, 2025

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File

4 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 28, 2025

COLLECTIVE AUDIENCE, INC. 

By: /s/ Peter Bordes 

Name: Peter Bordes 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

5
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>collective_ex0301.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK.
<TEXT>
Exhibit 3.1

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF SERIES A PREFERRED
STOCK OF

COLLECTIVE AUDIENCE, INC.

Collective audience, Inc., a corporation organized
and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the "Corporation"), hereby certifies that the following
resolution was duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the "Board") at a meeting duly convened
and held on March 28, 2025, at which a quorum was present and voting throughout, pursuant to the authority conferred upon the Board by
the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation"):

RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority
expressly vested in the Board of Directors of the Corporation, the Board of Directors hereby establishes a series of Preferred Stock,
par value $1000.00 per share, of the Corporation and hereby states the designation and number of shares, and fixes the relative
rights, preferences, privileges, powers and restrictions thereof, as follows:

1. DESIGNATION AND AMOUNT

The shares of such series shall be designated
as "Series A Preferred Stock" (the "Series A Preferred") and the authorized number of shares constituting
such series shall be 10000000 shares. Such number of shares may be decreased by resolution of the Board of Directors; provided,
however, that no decrease shall reduce the number of shares of Series A Preferred to a number less than the number of shares then outstanding
plus the number of shares reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options, warrants, convertible or exchangeable securities
or other rights to acquire shares of Series A Preferred. The Series A Preferred shall be in registered form only and no physical shares
shall be issued.

2. DIVIDEND RIGHTS

(a) Dividend Rate. The holders
of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive, when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors, out
of funds or assets legally available therefor, cumulative dividends at the annual rate of eighteen percent (18%) per annum of the Original
Issue Price (as defined below), calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months and shall accrue on a daily
basis from the date of issuance of such Series A Preferred, whether or not declared. The "Original Issue Price"
shall mean $1000.00 per share, subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination,
recapitalization, or other similar event affecting such shares.

b) Form of Payment; Payment-in-Kind (PIK)
Dividends and Asset Distributions. At the Corporation's option, dividends on the Series A Preferred may be paid in (i)
cash, (ii) by issuing additional fully paid and non-assessable shares of Series A Preferred ("PIK Dividends"),
(iii) by distributing to holdersof the Series A Preferred Share assets or property of the Corporation ("Asset Dividends"),
or (iv) any combination of cash, PIK Dividends, and Asset Dividends.

1 

i) PIK Dividends.
If the Corporation elects to pay dividends in the form of PIK Dividends, the number of shares of Series A Preferred to be issued in payment
of such dividend shall be equal to (x) the amount of the dividend per share divided by (y) the Original Issue Price. PIK Dividends shall
be treated as additional shares of Series A Preferred for all purposes of this Certificate of Designation, including the payment of dividends,
liquidation preferences, redemption rights, and voting rights. Fractional shares of Series A Preferred issued as PIK Dividends shall be
rounded to the nearest one-hundredth (1/100th) of a share.

ii) Asset Dividends.
If the Corporation elects to pay dividends in the form of Asset Dividends, the following provisions shall apply:

A) Asset Valuation. The Board of Directors shall determine, in good faith, the fair market value of
any assets or property to be distributed as an Asset Dividend. For publicly traded securities, the fair market value shall be the average
of the closing prices of such securities over the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the declaration of the dividend. For all
other assets, the Board of Directors may engage, but is not obligated to engage, one or more independent appraisers to assist in determining
the fair market value.

B) Asset Dividend Amount. The amount of the dividend satisfied by an Asset Dividend shall be the fair
market value of the distributed assets or property as determined pursuant to Section 2(b)(ii)(A) above.

C) Partial Asset Dividends. The Corporation may pay a portion of any declared dividend as an Asset
Dividend, with the remainder paid in cash, PIK Dividends, or a combination thereof.

D) Distribution Mechanics. Asset Dividends shall be distributed pro rata to the holders of Series
A Preferred based on the number of shares held. If the assets or property to be distributed cannot be divided among holders without creating
fractional interests, the Corporation may, at its option, (i) distribute the assets or property to holders who would receive complete
units, and make a PIK Dividend declaration to other such holders, or make a cash payment to other such holders, in lieu of any fractional
interests they would otherwise be entitled to receive, or (ii) sell such assets or property and distribute the net proceeds to all holders
in accordance with their pro rata interests.

E) Tax Consequences. The Corporation shall provide holders with information necessary for tax reporting
purposes in connection with any Asset Dividend, including a good faith estimate of the fair market value of the distributed assets and
any applicable tax basis information, within thirty (30) days following the distribution.

F) Restrictions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Corporation shall not distribute,
without express written consent, as an Asset Dividend (i) any asset subject to a lien, restriction on transfer, or other encumbrance that
would materially impair the holder's ability to realize the full value of such asset, (ii) any asset that would require the holder to
assume any liability or obligation (other than tax obligations associated with the receipt of the distribution), or (iii) any asset that
would require registration under securities laws in order for the holder to freely transfer such asset, unless such registration is completed
prior to the distribution.

(c) Election of Dividend Form.
The Corporation shall provide written notice to the holders of Series A Preferred of its intention to pay all or a portion of any dividend
in the form of PIK Dividends or Asset Dividends at least three (3) business days prior to the applicable dividend payment date. Such notice
shall specify (i) the portion of the dividend to be paid in cash, PIK Dividends, and/or Asset Dividends, (ii) in the case of Asset Dividends,
a description of the assets or property to be distributed and the Board of Directors' good faith determination of the fair market value
thereof, and (iii) any other material terms of the dividend payment. The failure to provide such notice shall not affect the validity
of any dividend payment, but the Corporation shall not issue a PIK Dividend or Asset Dividend without providing advance notice as required
herein.

(d) Priority. Such dividends
(whether paid in cash, in PIK Dividends, or as an Asset Distribution) shall be payable in preference and priority to any dividend on any
Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Corporation (the "Common Stock") and shall be cumulative, so that,
if such dividends in respect of any previous or current annual dividend period, at the annual rate specified above, shall not have been
paid, the deficiency shall be fully paid or declared and set apart for payment, but without interest, before any dividend shall be declared
or paid or set apart for payment on the Common Stock.

2 

(e) No Common Share Dividend. The
Corporation shall not declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock (whether payable in cash, securities, or other property), without
the written consent of holders of a majority of Series A Preferred Shares then issued and outstanding. If the Series S Preferred Shareholders
consent to a Common Share dividend, the Corporation shall simultaneously declare and pay to the holders of the Series A Preferred a dividend
equal to the dividend that would have been payable to such holders if all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred had been converted
into Common Stock at a conversion rate of 50000 shares of Common Stock for each share of Series A Preferred immediately prior to
the record date for such Common Share dividend, or if no record date is fixed, the date as of which the record holders of Common Stock
entitled to such dividend are to be determined, and irrespective of the number of Authorised Common Shares.

(f) Compounding of PIK Dividends.
Any PIK Dividends issued shall thereafter accrue and accumulate dividends at the rate specified in Section 2(a) as if they had been issued
on the date the underlying shares of Series A Preferred were issued. For purposes of calculating the accrual of dividends on any share
of Series A Preferred issued as a PIK Dividend, such share shall be deemed to have been outstanding as of the applicable dividend payment
date for which it was issued.

(h) Dividend Accrual and Payment Schedule.
Dividends on the Series A Preferred shall accrue daily and shall be cumulative from the Original Issue Date, whether or not declared by
the Board of Directors. Accrued dividends shall be payable quarterly in arrears on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31 of
each year, unless otherwise declared by the Corporations Board of Directors, (each, a "Dividend Payment Date"),
commencing on the first such date following the Original Issue Date. If a Dividend Payment Date is not a business day, the applicable
dividend shall be paid on the next business day without any adjustment for additional dividends. Dividends shall be payable to holders
of record as they appear in the stock records of the Corporation at the close of business on the applicable record date, which shall be
ten (10) calendar days after the Dividend Payment Date as determined by the Board of Directors. Dividend accruals shall be computed on
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.

(i) PIK Election. The Corporation
shall provide written notice to the holders of Series A Preferred of its intention to pay all or a portion of any dividend in the form
of PIK Dividends at least three (3) business days prior to the applicable dividend payment date. The failure to provide such notice shall
not affect the validity of any PIK Dividend, but the Corporation shall not issue a PIK Dividend without providing advance notice as required
herein.

3. LIQUIDATION PREFERENCE

(a) Preference on Liquidation.
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, or any Deemed Liquidation
Event (as defined below) (collectively, a "Liquidation Event"), the holders of Series A Preferred shall be entitled
to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets, funds, or proceeds available for distribution of the Corporation
("Available Proceeds") to the holders of Common Stock or any other class or series of capital stock ranking junior
to the Series A Preferred upon liquidation, by reason of their ownership thereof, an amount per share equal to the Original Issue Price
multiplied by 10.0, plus all accrued but unpaid dividends thereon (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any dividends that would be
payable in the form of PIK Dividends if such dividends had been declared and paid at the time of such Liquidation Event) (the "Liquidation
Preference").

(b) Insufficient Assets.
If upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the Available Proceeds shall be insufficient to permit the payment to holders of the Series
A Preferred of the full preferential amounts described in Section 3(a), then the entire Available Proceeds legally available for distribution
shall be distributed ratably among the holders of the Series A Preferred in proportion to the full preferential amount that each such
holder would otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to Section 3(a).

(c) Remaining Assets. After
payment has been made to the holders of the Series A Preferred of the full amounts to which they are entitled as provided in Section 3(a)
and Section 3(b), the remaining Available Proceeds, if any, shall be distributed among the holders of Common Stock pro rata based on the
number of shares of Common Stock held by each such holder.

3 

(d) Deemed Liquidation Events.

i) 
Definition. For purposes of this Section 3, a Liquidation Event shall be deemed to occur upon (A) a merger or consolidation
in which (I) the Corporation is a constituent party or (II) a subsidiary of the Corporation is a constituent party and the
Corporation issues shares of its capital stock pursuant to such merger or consolidation, except any such merger or consolidation
involving the Corporation or a subsidiary in which the shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior to
such merger or consolidation continue to represent, or are converted into or exchanged for shares of capital stock that represent,
immediately following such merger or consolidation, a majority, by voting power, of the capital stock of (1) the surviving or
resulting corporation or (2) if the surviving or resulting corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of another corporation
immediately following such merger or consolidation, the parent corporation of such surviving or resulting corporation. In the event
of any such merger or consolidation, the proceeds payable to holders of Series A Preferred shall be determined in accordance with
the liquidation preferences set forth in Section 3(a) and shall not involve any conversion of Series A Preferred to Common Stock;
(B) the sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other disposition, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, by
the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation of all or substantially all the assets or intellectual property of the
Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, or the sale or disposition (whether by merger or otherwise) of one or more
subsidiaries of the Corporation if substantially all of the assets or intellectual property of the Corporation and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole are held by such subsidiary or subsidiaries, except where such sale, lease, transfer, exclusive license or other
disposition is to a wholly owned subsidiary of the Corporation; or (C) the transfer, in a single transaction or series of related
transactions, to a person or group of affiliated persons (other than an underwriter of the Corporation's securities), of the
Corporation's securities if, after such closing, such person or group of affiliated persons would hold a majority of the outstanding
voting stock of the Corporation (or of the surviving or acquiring entity) (each event described in clauses (A) through (C), a
"Deemed Liquidation Event").

ii)
Amount Deemed Paid or Distributed. The amount deemed paid or distributed to the holders of capital stock of the Corporation
upon any such Deemed Liquidation Event shall be the cash or the value of the property, rights or securities paid or distributed to such
holders by the Corporation or the acquiring person, firm or other entity,
as determined at the sole discretion of the Corporations Board of Directors.
If the amount deemed paid or distributed under this Section 3(d)(ii) is made in property other than in cash, the value of such distribution
shall be the fair market value of such property, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that the following
shall apply:

A) For
securities not subject to investment letters or other similar restrictions on free marketability:1)
if traded on a national securities exchange or through the Nasdaq National Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the
closing prices of the securities over the 10-day period ending three days prior to the closing;2)
if actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid or sale prices (whichever is applicable)
over the 10-day period ending three days prior to the closing; and3)
if there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith in
the sole discretion ofthe
Board of Directors.

B) The method of valuation of securities
subject to investment letters or other similar restrictions on free marketability (other than restrictions arising solely by virtue of
a stockholder's status as an affiliate or former affiliate) shall be to make an appropriate discount from the market value determined
as above in Section 3(d)(ii)(A)(1), (2) or (3) to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof, as determined in good faith in
the sole discretion of the Board of Directors.

iii)
Allocation of Escrow and Contingent Consideration. In the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event, if any portion of the consideration
payable to the stockholders of the Corporation is payable only upon satisfaction of contingencies (the "Additional Consideration"),
the definitive agreement for such transaction shall provide that (A) the portion of such consideration that is not Additional Consideration
(the "Initial Consideration") shall be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the Corporation in accordance
with Sections 3(a), 3(b), and 3(c) as if the Initial Consideration were the only consideration payable in connection with such Deemed
Liquidation Event; and (B) any Additional Consideration which becomes payable to the stockholders of the Corporation upon satisfaction
of such contingencies shall be allocated among the holders of capital stock of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 3(a), 3(b),
and 3(c) after taking into account the previous payment of the Initial Consideration as part of the same transaction. For the purposes
of this Section 3(d)(iii), consideration placed into escrow or retained as holdback to be available for satisfaction of indemnification
or similar obligations in connection with such Deemed Liquidation Event shall be deemed to be Additional Consideration.

iv)
Notice and Procedural Requirements. In the event of a Deemed Liquidation Event, the Corporation shall give each holder of
record of Series A Preferred written notice of such impending transaction not later than three
(3) days
prior to the stockholders' meeting called to approve such transaction, or five
(5) days
prior to the closing of such transaction, whichever is earlier, and shall also notify such holders in writing of the final approval of
such transaction. The first of such notices shall describe the material terms and conditions of the impending transaction and the provisions
of this Section 3, and the Corporation shall thereafter give such holders prompt notice of any material changes to the terms of the transaction.
The transaction shall in no event be consummated until at least five
(5) days
after the Corporation has given the first notice provided for herein and shall in no event be consummated without the Corporation complying
with its obligations under this Section 3(d)(iv).

4 

4. VOTING RIGHTS

(a) General Rights. On any matter
presented to the stockholders of the Corporation for their action or consideration at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation (or
by written consent of stockholders in lieu of a meeting), each holder of outstanding shares of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to
10 votes per share of Series A Preferred held. Except as provided by law or by the other provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation,
as amended by this Certificate of Designation, holders of Series A Preferred shall vote together with the holders of Common Stock as a
single class.

(b) Protective Provisions.
So long as at least 1000 shares of Series A Preferred (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock
split, combination or other similar recapitalization affecting such shares) remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, either directly
or indirectly by amendment, merger, consolidation or otherwise, do any of the following without (in addition to any other vote required
by law or the Certificate of Incorporation) the written consent or affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the then
outstanding shares of Series A Preferred, given in writing or by vote at a meeting, consenting or voting (as the case may be) separately
as a class:

i)
amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Corporation in a manner that adversely affects
the powers, preferences or rights of the Series A Preferred;

ii)
create, or authorize the creation of, or issue or obligate itself to issue shares of, any additional class or series of capital stock
unless the same ranks junior to the Series A Preferred with respect to the distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, the payment of dividends and rights of redemption, or increase the authorized number of shares of Series A Preferred,
or increase the authorized number of shares of any additional class or series of capital stock unless the same ranks junior to the Series
A Preferred with respect to the distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the payment of
dividends and rights of redemption;

iii)
amend this Certificate of Designation to make the Series A Preferred convertible into any other securities;

iv)
reclassify, alter or amend any existing security of the Corporation that is pari passu with the Series A Preferred in respect of the distribution
of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the payment of dividends or rights of redemption, if such
reclassification, alteration or amendment would render such other security senior to the Series A Preferred in respect of any such right,
preference, or privilege, or reclassify, alter or amend any existing security of the Corporation that is junior to the Series A Preferred
in respect of the distribution of assets on the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the payment of dividends or
rights of redemption, if such reclassification, alteration or amendment would render such other security senior to or pari passu with
the Series A Preferred in respect of any such right, preference or privilege;

v)
purchase or redeem (or permit any subsidiary to purchase or redeem) or pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution on, any shares
of capital stock of the Corporation other than (A) redemptions of or dividends or distributions on the Series A Preferred as expressly
authorized herein, (B) dividends or other distributions payable on the Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common
Stock, (C) repurchases of stock from former employees, officers, directors, consultants or other persons who performed services for the
Corporation or any subsidiary in connection with the cessation of such employment or service at the lower of the original purchase price
or the then-current fair market value thereof, or (D) as approved by the Board of Directors, including the approval of at least one director
designated by the holders of Series A Preferred pursuant to the Voting Agreement (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), if any (a "Series
A Director");

vi)
create, or authorize the creation of, or issue, or authorize the issuance of any debt security, or permit any subsidiary to take any such
action with respect to any debt security, if the aggregate indebtedness of the Corporation and its subsidiaries for borrowed money following
such action would exceed $50000.00
unless such debt security has received the prior approval of the Board of Directors, including the approval of at 50%
of the Series A Preferred;

vii)
create, or hold capital stock in, any subsidiary that is not wholly owned (either directly or through one or more other subsidiaries)
by the Corporation, or sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any capital stock of any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Corporation,
or permit any direct or indirect subsidiary to sell, lease, transfer, exclusively license or otherwise dispose (in a single transaction
or series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of such subsidiary;

viii)
increase or decrease the authorized number of directors constituting the Board of Directors;

ix)
liquidate, dissolve or wind-up the business and affairs of the Corporation, effect any merger or consolidation or any other Deemed Liquidation
Event, or consent to any of the foregoing; or

x)
alter, amend, modify, or waive any provision of any agreement or contract between the Corporation and a founder, director, officer, or
holder of shares of Series A Preferred of the Corporation.

5 

5. NON-CONVERTIBILITY

The Series A Preferred Stock shall not be convertible
into Common Stock or any other class or series of the Corporation's capital stock, and the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have
no right to convert their shares into any other form of securities of the Corporation.

6. REDEMPTION

(a) Optional Redemption at the Election
of the Corporation. At any time and from time to time after the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Original Issue Date, the
Corporation, at its option, may redeem all or any portion of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred by paying in cash an amount
per share equal to the Original Issue Price, plus all accrued but unpaid dividends thereon (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any
dividends that would be payable in the form of PIK Dividends or Asset Dividends if such dividends had been declared and paid at the time
of such redemption) (the "Redemption Price").

(b) Optional Redemption at the Election
of the Holders. At any time and from time to time after the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Original Issue Date, the holder
of any share of Series A Preferred, at its option, may require the Corporation to redeem such share by paying in cash an amount per share
equal to the Redemption Price.

(c) Notice of Redemption.
The Corporation shall send written notice of any redemption pursuant to Section 6(a) (the "Redemption Notice")
to each holder of record of Series A Preferred not less than thirty (30) days prior to the date on which such redemption is to be made.
Each Redemption Notice shall state: (i) the number of shares of Series A Preferred to be redeemed; (ii) the date on which such redemption
shall be made (the "Redemption Date"); and(iii) the Redemption Price.

7. MISCELLANEOUS

(a) Notices. Any notice required
or permitted by the provisions of this Certificate of Designation to be given to a holder of shares of Series A Preferred shall be deemed
given if deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to each holder of record at his, her or its address appearing
on the books of the Corporation.

(b) Waiver. Any of the rights,
powers, preferences and other terms of the Series A Preferred set forth herein may be waived on behalf of all holders of Series A Preferred
by the affirmative written consent or vote of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of Series A Preferred then outstanding.

(c) Severability. If any
right, preference or limitation of the Series A Preferred set forth in this Certificate of Designation is invalid, unlawful or incapable
of being enforced by reason of any rule of law or public policy, all other rights, preferences and limitations set forth in this Certificate
of Designation which can be given effect without the invalid, unlawful or unenforceable right, preference or limitation shall, nevertheless,
remain in full force and effect, and no right, preference or limitation herein set forth shall be deemed dependent upon any other such
right, preference or limitation unless so expressed herein.

(d) Status of Redeemed or Repurchased Stock.
Shares of Series A Preferred that are redeemed or otherwise acquired by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries shall be retired and
canceled promptly after the acquisition thereof and, upon retirement of such shares in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate
of Incorporation, shall have the status of authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock of the Corporation undesignated as to series
and may with any and all other authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock of the Corporation be designated or redesignated and
issued or reissued, as the case may be, as part of any series of Preferred Stock of the Corporation, except as otherwise provided in the
Certificate of Incorporation.

(e) No Maturity Date. The
shares of Series A Preferred shall be perpetual and shall have no maturity date.

(f) Headings. The headings
of the sections, subsections, clauses and subclauses of this Certificate of Designation are for convenience of reference only and shall
not define, limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

6 

8. CLOSING PROVISIONS

(a) Enforceability. If any
term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Certificate of Designation is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority
to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Certificate of Designation
shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

(b) Amendment and Waiver.
No provision of this Certificate of Designation may be amended, modified or waived except by an instrument in writing executed by the
Corporation and the holders of at least a majority of the shares of Series A Preferred then outstanding, and any such written amendment,
modification or waiver will be binding upon the Corporation and each holder of Series A Preferred.

(c) Notices. Except as otherwise
expressly provided herein, all notices referred to herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, by registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, by facsimile transmission or by courier service at the address of such holder appearing
on the books of the Corporation, or if no such address appears or is given, at the principal office of the Corporation. All notices shall
be deemed to have been given (i) upon actual delivery, if delivered personally, (ii) three (3) business days after being sent, if sent
by registered or certified mail, (iii) upon confirmation of receipt, if sent by facsimile (followed by delivery of an original), or (iv)
one (1) business day after being sent, if sent by courier.

(d) Interpretation. When
a reference is made in this Certificate of Designation to Sections, such reference shall be to a Section of this Certificate of Designation
unless otherwise indicated. The headings contained in this Certificate of Designation are for reference purposes only and shall not affect
in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Certificate of Designation. Whenever the words "include," "includes"
or "including" are used in this Certificate of Designation, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation."

(e) Governing Law. This Certificate
of Designation shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of
conflicts of law.

7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Collective Audience, Inc.
has caused this Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock to be signed, and the Series A Preferred Stock to issued as per
the below.

COLLECTIVE AUDIENCE, INC.

By: ________________________

Name:

Title:

Date:

HOLDER: 

By: ________________________

Name:

Title:

Date:

Number of Series A Preferred Shares Held (Spelled
out and in number):

__________________________________________________________________________

8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>collective_ex1001.htm
<DESCRIPTION>DEBT FOR EQUITY EXCHANGE AGREEMENT, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND ABRI VENTURES I, LLC, DATED MARCH 19, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

DEBT FOR EQUITY EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

THIS DEBT FOR EQUITY EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of 19 March
2025 (the "Effective Date"), by and between Collective Audience, Inc. a Delaware Corporation (the "Company"),
and Abri Ventures I, LLC (the "Creditor").

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Creditor has previously extended loans to the Company in the aggregate principal amount of $3603034
with 0.00% interest ratefor a total indebtedness of $3603300 (the "Debt") pursuant to those certain loan
agreements dated between 11 February 2022 and 25 September 2023 (the "Loan Agreements"); and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Creditor desire to exchange $1000000.00 face amount of the Debt (the
Exchanged Debt) for equity in the Company on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, agreements, representations, and warranties contained in this Agreement, the parties
hereby agree as follows:

1. EXCHANGE OF DEBT FOR EQUITY

1.1 Exchange. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Creditor hereby agrees to exchange
the Exchange Debt for thirty-nine million, two hundred and fifty thousand (39350000) common shares of the Company (the
"Shares"), and the Company hereby agrees to issue the Shares to the Creditor in full satisfaction of the exchanged Exchanged Debt
(the "Exchange").

1.2 Cancellation of Debt. Upon the issuance of the Shares, the Exchanged Debt shall be deemed fully paid and satisfied.

2. CLOSING

2.1 Closing Date. The closing of the Exchange (the "Closing") shall take place on 19 march 2025 or
such other date as mutually agreed by the parties (the "Closing Date").

2.2 Creditor's Deliveries. At the Closing, the Creditor shall deliver to the Company:

(a)Confirmation that the original Loan Agreement/s of the Exchanged Debt and any related promissory notes are cancelled; and

(b) Any other documents reasonably
requested by the Company to evidence the cancellation of the Exchanged Debt.

2.3 Company's Deliveries. At the Closing, the Company shall deliver to the Creditor:

(a) A certificate representing the
Shares or evidence of book entry of the Shares from its transfer agent; and

(b) A copy of resolutions of the Company's Board of Directors authorizing the Exchange.

1 

3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Creditor
as follows:

3.1Organization and Good Standing. The Company is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws
of Delaware.

3.2Authority. The Company has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the transactions
contemplated hereby.

3.3Valid Issuance. When issued pursuant to this Agreement, the Shares will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully
paid, and non-assessable.

3.4No Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby
do not conflict with any agreement, law, or regulation to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE CREDITOR

The Creditor hereby represents and warrants to the Company
as follows:

4.1Authority. The Creditor has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the transactions
contemplated hereby.

4.2Ownership of Debt. The Creditor is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Debt, free and clear of any liens,
claims, or encumbrances.

4.3Investment Purpose. The Creditor is acquiring the Shares for investment purposes and not with a view to distribution
or resale in violation of applicable securities laws.

4.4Accredited Investor. The Creditor is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

4.5Investment Experience. The Creditor has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that the
Creditor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the Exchange.

5. MISCELLANEOUS

5.1Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings.

5.2Amendments. This Agreement may only be amended or modified by a written instrument executed by both parties.

5.3Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of [STATE],
without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.

5.4Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

5.5Further Assurances. Each party agrees to execute such additional documents and take such actions as may be reasonably
necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of
the Effective Date.

COMPANY: Collective Audience, Inc.

By: /s/ Peter Bordes 

Name: Peter Bordes

Title: CEO

CREDITOR: Abri Ventures I, LLC

By: /s/ Jeffrey Tirman 

Name: Jeffrey Tirman

Title: President of Managing Member

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>collective_ex1002.htm
<DESCRIPTION>DEBT FOR EQUITY EXCHANGE AGREEMENT, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND ABRI VENTURES I, LLC, DATED MARCH 21, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

DEBT FOR PREFERRED EQUITY
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

THIS DEBT FOR EQUITY EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
(the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of 21 March 2025 (the "Effective Date"),
by and between Collective Audience, Inc. a Delaware Corporation (the "Company"), and Abri Ventures I, LLC (the
"Creditor").

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Creditor has previously
extended loans to the Company in the aggregate principal amount of $2629112 with 0.00% interest rate (the "Debt")
pursuant to those certain loan agreements dated between 11 February 2022 and 25 September 2023 (the "Loan Agreements");
and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Creditor
desire to exchange the Debt for Series A Preferred Shares of the Company (the Series A P/S) having the terms,
rights and privileges as detailed in the Certificate Of Designation of the Series A P/S, and on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants, agreements, representations, and warranties contained in this Agreement, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. EXCHANGE OF DEBT FOR EQUITY

1.1Exchange. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Creditor hereby agrees to exchange the Debt
for twenty-one thousand and thirty-three (21033) Series A P/S, and the Company hereby agrees to issue the Series A P/S to the Creditor
in full satisfaction of the exchanged Debt (the "Exchange").

1.2Cancellation of Debt. Upon the issuance of the Series A P/S, the Debt shall be deemed fully paid and satisfied, and
forever released by the Creditor.

2. CLOSING

2.1Closing Date. The closing of the Exchange (the "Closing") shall take place on 19 March 2025
or such other date as mutually agreed by the parties (the "Closing Date").

2.2 Creditor's Deliveries. At the Closing, the Creditor shall deliver to the Company:

(a)Confirmation that the original Loan Agreement/s of the Exchanged Debt and any related promissory notes are cancelled; and

(b) Any other documents reasonably
requested by the Company to evidence the cancellation of the Exchanged Debt.

2.3 Company's Deliveries. At the Closing, the Company shall deliver to the Creditor:

(a) A certificate representing the
Series A P/S or evidence of book entry of the Series A P/S in the Companys share registry or from its transfer agent; and

(b) A copy of resolutions of the Company's Board of Directors authorizing the Exchange.

1 

3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
THE COMPANY

The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Creditor
as follows:

3.1Organization and Good Standing. The Company is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws
of Delaware.

3.2Authority. The Company has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the transactions
contemplated hereby.

3.3Valid Issuance. When issued pursuant to this Agreement, the Series A P/S will be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid, and non-assessable.

3.4No Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby
do not conflict with any agreement, law, or regulation to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE CREDITOR

The Creditor hereby represents and warrants to the Company
as follows:

4.1Authority. The Creditor has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the transactions
contemplated hereby.

4.2Ownership of Debt. The Creditor is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Debt, free and clear of any liens,
claims, or encumbrances.

4.3Investment Purpose. The Creditor is acquiring the Series A P/S for investment purposes and not with a view to distribution
or resale in violation of applicable securities laws.

4.4Accredited Investor. The Creditor is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

4.5Investment Experience. The Creditor has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that the
Creditor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the Exchange.

5. MISCELLANEOUS

5.1Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings.

5.2Amendments. This Agreement may only be amended or modified by a written instrument executed by both parties.

5.3Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.

5.4Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

5.5Further Assurances. Each party agrees to execute such additional documents and take such actions as may be reasonably
necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement
as of the Effective Date.

COMPANY: Collective Audience, Inc.

By: _______________________

Name: 

Title:

CREDITOR: Abri Ventures I, LLC

By: /s/ Jeffrey Tirman 

Name: Jeffrey Tirman

Title: President of Managing Member

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>collective_ex1003.htm
<DESCRIPTION>DEBT FOR EQUITY EXCHANGE AGREEMENT, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND PETER BORDES, DATED MARCH 21, 2025
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.3

DEBT FOR PREFERRED
EQUITY EXCHANGE AGREEMENT

THIS DEBT FOR EQUITY EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
(the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of 21 March 2025 (the "Effective Date"),
by and between Collective Audience, Inc. a Delaware Corporation (the "Company"), and Peter Bordes (the "Creditor").

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Creditor has previously
extended loans to the Company in the aggregate principal amount of $300,000.00 with 7.50% interest rate (the "Debt")
pursuant to that certain loan agreement dated March 31, 2024 (the "Loan Agreement"); and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Creditor
desire to exchange the Debt for Series A Preferred Shares of the Company (the "Series A P/S") having the terms,
rights and privileges as detailed in the Certificate Of Designation of the Series A P/S, and on the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the mutual covenants, agreements, representations, and warranties contained in this Agreement, the parties hereby
agree as follows:

1. EXCHANGE OF DEBT FOR EQUITY

1.1 Exchange. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Creditor hereby agrees to
exchange the Debt for Seven Thousand Nine Hundred and Seventy-Eight (7'978) Series A P/S of the Company, and the Company hereby
agrees to issue the Series A P/S to the Creditor in full satisfaction of the exchanged Debt (the "Exchange").

1.2 Cancellation of Debt. Upon the issuance of the Series A P/S, the Debt shall be deemed fully paid and satisfied, and
forever released by the Creditor.

2. CLOSING

2.1Closing Date. The closing of the Exchange (the "Closing") shall take place on 19 March 2025
or such other date as mutually agreed by the parties (the "Closing Date").

2.2 Creditor's Deliveries. At the Closing, the Creditor shall deliver to the Company:

(a)Confirmation that the original Loan Agreement/s of the Exchanged Debt and any related promissory notes are cancelled; and

(b) Any other documents reasonably
requested by the Company to evidence the cancellation of the Exchanged Debt.

2.3 Company's Deliveries. At the Closing, the Company shall deliver to the Creditor:

(a) A certificate representing the
Series A P/S or evidence of book entry of the Series A P/S in the Company's share registry or from its transfer agent; and

(b) A copy of resolutions of the Company's Board of Directors authorizing the Exchange.

1 

3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Creditor
as follows:

3.1Organization and Good Standing. The Company is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws
of Delaware.

3.2Authority. The Company has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the transactions
contemplated hereby.

3.3Valid Issuance. When issued pursuant to this Agreement, the Series A P/S will be duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid, and non-assessable.

3.4No Conflicts. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby
do not conflict with any agreement, law, or regulation to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound.

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE CREDITOR

The Creditor hereby represents and warrants to the Company
as follows:

4.1Authority. The Creditor has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the transactions
contemplated hereby.

4.2Ownership of Debt. The Creditor is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Debt, free and clear of any liens,
claims, or encumbrances.

4.3Investment Purpose. The Creditor is acquiring the Series A P/S for investment purposes and not with a view to distribution
or resale in violation of applicable securities laws.

4.4Accredited Investor. The Creditor is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D
promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

4.5Investment Experience. The Creditor has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that the
Creditor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the Exchange.

5. MISCELLANEOUS

5.1Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings.

5.2Amendments. This Agreement may only be amended or modified by a written instrument executed by both parties.

5.3Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.

5.4Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

5.5Further Assurances. Each party agrees to execute such additional documents and take such actions as may be reasonably
necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement
as of the Effective Date.

COMPANY: Collective Audience, Inc.

By: /s/ Denis Duncan 

Name: Denis Duncan

Title: Board of Directors

CREDITOR:

By: /s/ Peter Bordes 

Name: Peter Bordes

Title: Investor

3
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>caud-20250211.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>caud-20250211_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>caud-20250211_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Feb. 11, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 11, 2025

Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31

Entity File Number 001-40723

Entity Registrant Name COLLECTIVE AUDIENCE, INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001854583

Entity Tax Identification Number 86-2861807

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 85 Broad Street

Entity Address, City or Town New York

Entity Address, State or Province NY

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 10004

City Area Code (808)

Local Phone Number 829-1057

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
21 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://collectiveaudience.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

caud-20250211.xsd 
caud-20250211_lab.xml 
caud-20250211_pre.xml 
collective_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001683168-25-001986-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>collective_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001854583 

2025-02-11 
2025-02-11 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
--12-31 
0001854583 
8-K 
2025-02-11 
COLLECTIVE AUDIENCE, INC. 
DE 
001-40723 
86-2861807 
85 Broad Street 
New York 
NY 
10004 
(808) 
829-1057 
false 
false 
false 
false 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>