<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001104659-25-019244.txt : 20250228
<SEC-HEADER>0001104659-25-019244.hdr.sgml : 20250228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250228171922
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-25-019244
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250228
ITEM INFORMATION:		Other Events
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Canopy Growth Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001737927
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			Z4
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38496
		FILM NUMBER:		25692250

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 HERSHEY DRIVE
		CITY:			SMITH FALLS
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			K7A0A8
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-558-9333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 HERSHEY DRIVE
		CITY:			SMITH FALLS
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			K7A0A8
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tm257897d2_8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false0001737927Canopy Growth Corp00-000000000017379272025-02-282025-02-28iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
February 28, 2025

Canopy Growth Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Canada 001-38496 N/A

(State
or other jurisdiction 

of incorporation) (Commission

File Number) (IRS
Employer

Identification No.)

1 Hershey Drive

Smiths Falls, Ontario K7A
0A8

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(855) 558-9333

(Registrants telephone number, including
area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading

Symbol(s) Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common
Shares, no par value CGC Nasdaq
Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 8.01 Other Events.

On February 28, 2025, Canopy Growth
Corporation (the Company) entered into an equity distribution agreement (the Equity Distribution
Agreement) with BMO Capital Markets Corp. (the U.S. Agent) and BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. (the Canadian
Agent, and together with the U.S. Agent, the Agents and each an Agent), pursuant to which the
Company may offer and sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate offering price of up to $200,000,000 (or the equivalent in
Canadian currency) of the Companys common shares (the Common Shares) through the Agents. The U.S. Agent may
sell Common Shares only in the United States (the U.S. Offering), and the Canadian Agent may sell Common Shares only
on marketplaces in Canada (the Concurrent Canadian Offering). It is expected that the Equity Distribution Agreement
will replace the equity distribution agreement, dated June 6, 2024, among the Company and the Agents.

In
the U.S. Offering, sales of Common Shares, if any, will be made by any method that is deemed to be an at the market offering
as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including, but not limited to, sales made directly
on The Nasdaq Global Select Market or any other trading market for the Common Shares in the United States or pursuant to any other sales
method used by the U.S. Agent. In the Concurrent Canadian Offering, sales of Common Shares, if any, will be made in transactions that
are deemed to be at-the-market distributions as defined in National Instrument 44-102 Shelf Distributions,
including sales made by the Canadian Agent directly on the Toronto Stock Exchange or any other marketplace for the Common Shares in Canada
or pursuant to any other sales method used by the Canadian Agent. The Agents may also sell the Common Shares by any other method agreed
by the Company and the applicable Agent and permitted by applicable law, including, without limitation, as block transactions. Actual
sales of Common Shares pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company
from time to time, including (among others) market conditions, the trading price of the Common Shares, capital needs and determinations
by the Company of the appropriate sources of funding for the Company.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity
Distribution Agreement, the Agents will use their commercially reasonable efforts to sell the Common Shares from time to time, as sales
agents, based upon the Companys instructions.

The Company has no obligation to sell any of the
Common Shares and may at any time suspend offers under the Equity Distribution Agreement, and either the Company or the Agents may terminate
the Equity Distribution Agreement at any time. The Equity Distribution Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants
of the Company, indemnification rights and obligations of the parties and termination provisions. The
representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Equity Distribution Agreement were made only for purposes of the Equity Distribution
Agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Equity Distribution Agreement and are subject to
certain limitations contained in the Equity Distribution Agreement. Accordingly, investors and security holders should not rely
on the representations and warranties in the Equity Distribution Agreement as characterizations of the actual state of facts.

The
U.S. Offering is being made pursuant to the Companys shelf registration statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-279949),
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on June 5, 2024 (the Registration Statement),
a base prospectus, dated June 5, 2024, included as part of the Registration Statement, and a prospectus supplement, dated February 28,
2025 filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) on February 28, 2025. The Concurrent Canadian Offering is being made
pursuant to a preliminary short form base shelf prospectus dated May 14, 2024, a (final) short form base shelf prospectus
dated June 5, 2024 and a prospectus supplement dated February 28, 2025, filed with the securities commissions or similar authorities
in each of the provinces and territories of Canada.

This Current Report on Form 8-K (this Current
Report) shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Common Shares nor shall there be any sale
of the Common Shares in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or
qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

The foregoing description of the Equity Distribution
Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Equity Distribution Agreement, a copy
of which is attached as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated by reference herein.

The legal opinion of Cassels Brock & Blackwell
LLP relating to the Common Shares being offered pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current
Report.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description

1.1*+ Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025, by and among Canopy Growth Corporation and BMO Capital Markets Corp. and BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc.

5.1 Opinion of Cassels Brock & Blackwell LLP

23.1 Consent of Cassels Brock & Blackwell LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL document)

* A non-material exhibit has been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental
copies of the omitted exhibit upon request by the SEC.

+ Portions of this exhibit have been
omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(6) of Regulation S-K.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

CANOPY GROWTH CORPORATION

Date: February 28, 2025 By: /s/ Judy Hong

Judy Hong

Chief Financial Officer
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>tm257897d2_ex1-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 1.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 1.1

Execution Version

CANOPY
GROWTH CORPORATION

US$200,000,000

EQUITY
DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

February 28, 2025

BMO Capital Markets Corp.

3 Times Square

New York, New York, 10036

BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc.

First Canadian Place, 4th Floor

100 King Street West

Toronto, ON M5X 1H3

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Canopy Growth Corporation,
a corporation incorporated under the federal laws of Canada (the Corporation), confirms its agreement (this Agreement)
with BMO Capital Markets Corp. (the U.S. Agent) and BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. (the Canadian Agent,
and together with the U.S. Agent, the Agents) to issue and sell common shares of the Corporation (the Shares)
upon and subject to the terms and conditions contained herein. Capitalized terms used herein have the meanings given to them in Section 24
hereof.

1. Issuance and Sale of Shares

(a) The Corporation agrees that, from time
to time during the term of this Agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth herein, it may issue and sell through the Agents, Shares having an aggregate sales
price of up to US$200,000,000 (or the equivalent in Canadian currency) (the Offering).
The Shares will be sold on the terms set forth herein at such times and in such amounts as
the Corporation and the Agents shall agree from time to time. The issuance and sale of the
Shares through the Agents will be effected pursuant to the Canadian Prospectus and the U.S.
Prospectus, in each case, as applicable.

(b) When determining the aggregate value of
the Placement Shares sold, the Corporation will use the daily exchange rate posted by the
Bank of Canada on the date the applicable Placement Shares were sold to determine the United
States dollar equivalent of any Placement Shares which were sold for Canadian dollars.

- 2 - 

2. Placements

(a) Placement Notice. Each time that
the Corporation wishes to issue and sell Shares hereunder (each, a Placement),
it will notify the applicable Agent by telephone followed by e-mail notice (or other method
mutually agreed to in writing by the parties) (a Placement Notice) containing
the parameters within which the Corporation desires to sell the Shares, which shall at a
minimum include (i) the number of Shares to be sold under the applicable Placement pursuant
to this Agreement (the Placement Shares), (ii) the time period
during which sales of the Placement Shares are requested to be made, (iii) any limitation
on the number of Placement Shares that may be sold in any one Trading Day, (iv) whether
the Corporation desires the Placement Shares to be sold on a particular stock exchange, and
(v) any minimum price below which sales of the Placement Shares may not be made, with
a copy to the other Agent. The Placement Notice shall originate from any of the individuals
(each, an Authorized Representative) from the Corporation set forth
on Schedule 1 hereto, and shall be addressed to each of the respective individuals from the
applicable Agent set forth on Schedule 1 hereto (after contacting such individuals by telephone),
as such Schedule 1 may be amended from time to time by notice given in accordance with Section 14.
The Placement Notice shall be effective upon delivery to the applicable Agent unless and
until (A) the applicable Agent declines to accept the terms contained therein for any
reason, in its sole discretion, in accordance with the notice requirements set forth in Section 4,
(B) the entire amount of the Placement Shares specified in the Placement Notice have
been sold and all such Shares have settled in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, (C) the Corporation suspends or terminates the Placement Notice in accordance
with the notice requirements set forth in Section 4 or Section 13, as applicable,
(D) the Corporation issues a subsequent Placement Notice with parameters superseding
those on the earlier Placement Notice, or (E) this Agreement has been terminated in
accordance with the provisions of Section 13. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation
may not deliver a Placement Notice to an Agent if the Corporation has delivered a Placement
Notice which remains in effect to another Agent, unless the Corporation has terminated the
prior Placement Notice in accordance with the notice requirements set forth in Section 4.

(b) Placement Fee. The amount of compensation
to be paid by the Corporation to an Agent with respect to each Placement for which such Agent
acted as sales Agent under this Agreement shall be equal to up to 3.0% of the gross proceeds
from such Placement (the Placement Fee), which amount shall be paid
in the same currency as the gross proceeds from the sale of the Placement Shares to which
it pertains.

(c) No Obligation. It is expressly
acknowledged and agreed that neither the Corporation nor any Agent will have any obligation
whatsoever with respect to a Placement or any Placement Shares unless and until the Corporation
delivers a Placement Notice to the applicable Agent, which Placement Notice has not been
declined, suspended or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
and then only upon the terms specified therein and herein. It is also expressly acknowledged
that the Agents will be under no obligation to purchase Placement Shares on a principal basis
and any purchase by the Agents as principal will be subject to the prior approval of the
TSX. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of a Placement
Notice, the terms of the Placement Notice will prevail.

- 3 - 

(d) Limitations on Placements. Under
no circumstances shall the Corporation deliver a Placement Notice if, after giving effect
to the issuance of the Placement Shares requested to be issued under such Placement Notice,
the aggregate sales price of the Placement Shares sold pursuant to this Agreement would exceed
US$200,000,000 (or the equivalent in Canadian currency). Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that compliance with
the limitations set forth in this Section 2(d) on the dollar amount of Placement
Shares that may be issued and sold under this Agreement from time to time shall be the sole
responsibility of the Corporation, and that the Agents shall have no obligation in connection
with such compliance. The Corporation acknowledges and agrees that each Agent has informed
the Corporation that the Agents may, to the extent permitted under the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act (including, without limitation, Regulation M promulgated thereunder), Canadian
Securities Laws, the rules of the TSX and Nasdaq and this Agreement, purchase and sell
Shares for its own account while this Agreement is in effect, and shall be under no obligation
to purchase Placement Shares on a principal basis pursuant to this Agreement, except as otherwise
agreed by an Agent and the Corporation, subject to the prior approval of the TSX.

3. Sale of Placement Shares by the Agents

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, upon the Corporations issuance of a Placement Notice, and unless the
sale of the Placement Shares described therein has been declined, suspended, or otherwise
terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the applicable Agent will use
its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices
to sell, on behalf of the Corporation and as agent, such Placement Shares up to the amount
specified during the time period specified, and otherwise in accordance with the terms of
such Placement Notice, subject to applicable federal, provincial, territorial and state laws,
rules and regulations, and the rules of the TSX and Nasdaq. The applicable Agent
will provide written confirmation (by email correspondence to an individual set forth on
Schedule 1) to the Corporation no later than the opening of the Trading Day immediately following
the Trading Day on which such Agent has made sales of Placement Shares hereunder setting
forth (i) the number of Placement Shares sold on such day (showing the number of Placement
Shares sold on the TSX, on any other marketplace (as such term is defined in
NI 21-101) in Canada (a Canadian Marketplace), on Nasdaq, on any other
marketplace in the United States (a United States Marketplace)
and pursuant to any other sales method used by the Agents, including to or through a market
maker), (ii) the price of the Placement Shares sold (showing the price of the Placement
Shares sold on the TSX, a Canadian Marketplace, Nasdaq, a United States Marketplace and pursuant
to any other sales method used by the Agents, including to or through a market maker), (iii) the
aggregate gross proceeds of the Placement, (iv) the Placement Fee payable by the Corporation
to the Agents with respect to such sales of Placement Shares (including the currency payable
in respect thereof), and (v) the Net Proceeds payable to the Corporation. Subject to
the terms and conditions of the Placement Notice, the Agents may sell Placement Shares by
any method permitted by law that constitutes an at-the-market distribution
under NI 44-102 including, without limitation, sales made directly on Nasdaq and the TSX,
on any Canadian Marketplace or United States Marketplace, in block transactions, or by any
other method permitted by law. The U.S. Agent covenants and agrees with the Corporation that
(i) it shall not, directly or indirectly, advertise or solicit offers to purchase or
sell Placement Shares in Canada, and (ii) it shall not sell Placement Shares on the
TSX or on any Canadian Marketplace. For the avoidance of doubt, the U.S. Agent is not acting
as an underwriter of the Placement Shares in the Canadian Qualifying Jurisdictions and no
action on the part of the U.S. Agent in its capacity as an Agent of the offering of the Placement
Shares in the United States is intended to create any impression or support any conclusion
that it is acting as an underwriter of the Placement Shares in the Canadian Qualifying Jurisdictions.

- 4 - 

(b) Each of the Agents hereby covenants and
agrees that, during the time an Agent is the recipient of a Placement Notice pursuant to
Section 2 hereof that has not been declined, suspended or terminated in accordance with
the terms hereof, such Agent will prudently and actively monitor the markets reaction
to trades made on any marketplace pursuant to this Agreement in order to evaluate
the likely market impact of future trades, and that, if such Agent has concerns as to whether
a particular sale contemplated by a Placement Notice may have a significant effect on the
market price of the Shares, the applicable Agent will immediately recommend to the Corporation
against effecting the trade at that time or on the terms proposed. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Corporation acknowledges and agrees that the Agents cannot provide complete assurances
that any sale will not have a significant effect on the market price of the Shares.

(c) The Agents covenant that the Agents will
not (nor will any affiliate thereof or person or company acting jointly or in concert therewith),
in connection with the distribution of Placement Shares in an at-the-market distribution
(as defined in NI 44-102), enter into any transaction that is intended to stabilize or maintain
the market price of the Placement Shares or the Shares, including selling an aggregate number
or principal amount of Placement Shares that would result in creating an over-allocation
position in the Shares.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
set forth in this Agreement or a Placement Notice, the Corporation acknowledges and agrees
that (i) there can be no assurance that the Agents will be successful in selling any
Placement Shares or as to the price at which any Placement Shares are sold, if at all, and
(ii) the Agents will incur no liability or obligation to the Corporation or any other
person or entity if they do not sell Placement Shares for any reason other than a failure
by the Agents to use their commercially reasonable efforts consistent with their normal trading
and sales practices to sell, on behalf of the Corporation and as agent, such Placement Shares
as provided under this Section 3.

- 5 - 

4. Suspension of Sales

(a) The Corporation or the applicable Agent
may, upon notice to the other party in writing, by telephone (confirmed immediately by e-mail)
or by e-mail notice (or other method mutually agreed to in writing by the parties), suspend
any sale of Placement Shares for which it has delivered or received, as applicable, a Placement
Notice; provided, however, that such suspension shall not affect or impair any partys
obligations with respect to any Placement Shares sold hereunder prior to the receipt of such
notice of suspension. The Corporation and the Agents agree that no such notice shall be effective
against any other party unless it is made to one of the individuals named on Schedule 1 hereto,
as such Schedule 1 may be amended from time to time by notice given in accordance with Section 14.

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, during any period in which the Corporation is in possession of material non-public
information with respect to the Corporation and its Subsidiaries or the Shares, the Corporation
and the Agents (provided they have been given prior written notice of such by the Corporation,
which notice the Agents agree to treat confidentially) agree that no sale of Placement Shares
will take place. The Corporation and the Agents agree that no such notice shall be effective
against any applicable Agents unless it is made in writing to the individuals named on Schedule
1 hereto, as such Schedule 1 may be amended from time to time by notice given in accordance
with Section 14. Material non-public information includes, without limitation, any material
fact or material change that has not been disclosed, and any information that constitutes
privileged information within the meaning of the Securities Act (Qubec).

5. Settlement

(a) Settlement of Placement Shares.
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Placement Notice, settlement for sales of Placement
Shares will occur on the first (1st) Trading Day on the applicable stock exchange following
the date on which the Placement Shares were sold or, if the Placement Shares are not sold
on a stock exchange, on the first (1st) Trading Day (or, in either case, such earlier day
as is agreed by the parties to be industry practice for regular-way trading) following the
date on which such sales are made (each, a Settlement Date). The amount
of proceeds to be delivered to the Corporation on a Settlement Date against the receipt of
the Placement Shares sold will be equal to the aggregate sales price at which such Placement
Shares were sold, after deduction for the Placement Fee for such sales payable by the Corporation
to the applicable Agent pursuant to Section 2 hereof and expenses pursuant to Section 8(h) hereof
(the Net Proceeds).

- 6 - 

(b) Delivery of Shares. On each Settlement
Date, the Corporation will, or will cause its transfer agent to, electronically transfer
the Placement Shares being sold by crediting the applicable Agents account or its
designees account (provided that the applicable Agent shall have given the Corporation
written notice of such designee at least one Trading Day prior to the Settlement Date) at
CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. through its CDSX system for Placement Shares sold
in Canada and at The Depository Trust Company through its Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian
System for Placement Shares sold in the United States or by such other means of delivery
as may be mutually agreed upon by the Corporation and the applicable Agent and, upon receipt
of such Placement Shares, which in all cases shall be freely tradeable, transferable, registered
shares in good deliverable form, the applicable Agent will, on each Settlement Date, or such
other date as agreed between the Agents and the Corporation in writing, deliver the related
Net Proceeds in same day funds to an account designated by the Corporation prior to the Settlement
Date. The Agents covenant and agree to copy or otherwise include the Corporation on all correspondence
between the Agents and the Corporations transfer agent, in connection with or relating
to the settlement (electronic or otherwise) of any sale of Placement Shares hereunder and
further, shall be responsible for taking all actions required to be taken by it within the
applicable time periods to ensure that all sales of Placement Shares hereunder are settled
without default in accordance with existing industry practice for regular-way trading. If
the Corporation defaults in its obligation to deliver Placement Shares on a Settlement Date,
the Corporation agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations
set forth in Section 11 hereof, it will (i) hold the Agents harmless against any
loss, claim, damage, or expense (including reasonable legal fees and expenses), as incurred,
arising out of or in connection with such default by the Corporation and (ii) pay to
the Agents any Placement Fee, discount, or other compensation to which it would otherwise
have been entitled absent such default; provided, however, that without limiting Section 11
hereof, with respect to (ii) above, the Corporation shall not be obligated to pay the
Agents any Placement Fee, discount or other compensation on any Placement Shares that it
is not possible to settle due to: (A) a suspension or material limitation in trading
in securities generally on the TSX or Nasdaq; (B) a material disruption in securities
settlement or clearance services in the United States or Canada; or (C) failure by an
Agent to comply with its obligations under the terms of this Agreement.

6. Registration Statement and Prospectuses

(a) The Corporation has prepared and filed
with the Canadian Qualifying Authorities in the Canadian Qualifying Jurisdictions the Canadian
Preliminary Base Prospectus and has prepared and filed with the Canadian Qualifying Authorities
in the Canadian Qualifying Jurisdictions the Canadian Base Prospectus in respect of an aggregate
of up to US$500,000,000 in Shares, Exchangeable Shares, debt securities, subscription receipts,
units and warrants of the Corporation (collectively, the Shelf Securities)
in each case in accordance with Canadian Securities Laws. The Ontario Securities Commission
(the Reviewing Authority) is the principal regulator of the Corporation
under the passport system procedures provided for under Multilateral Instrument 11-102 
Passport System and National Policy 11-202 Process for Prospectus Reviews
in Multiple Jurisdictions in respect of the Shelf Securities and the Offering. The Reviewing
Authority has issued a receipt evidencing that a receipt has been issued on behalf of itself
and the other Canadian Qualifying Authorities for the Canadian Base Prospectus (the Receipt).
The term Canadian Base Prospectus means the (final) short form base
shelf prospectus of the Corporation (in the English language) dated June 5, 2024 filed
with the Canadian Qualifying Authorities, at the time the Reviewing Authority issued the
Receipt with respect thereto in accordance with Canadian Securities Laws, including NI 44-101
and NI 44-102, and includes all documents incorporated therein by reference and the documents
otherwise deemed to be a part thereof or included therein pursuant to Canadian Securities
Laws, including but not limited to, all Designated News Releases. As used herein, a Designated
News Release means a news release disseminated by the Corporation in respect of
previously undisclosed information that, in the Corporations determination, constitutes
a material fact (as such term is defined in Canadian Securities Laws) and identified
by the Corporation as a designated news release in writing on the face page of
the version of such news release that is filed by the Corporation on SEDAR+ in compliance
with Section 5.5 of the Companion Policy to NI 44-102. As used herein, Canadian
Prospectus Supplement means the most recent prospectus supplement (in the English
language) to the Canadian Base Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares, to be filed by
the Corporation with the Canadian Qualifying Authorities in accordance with Canadian Securities
Laws. The Canadian Prospectus Supplement shall provide that any and all Designated News Releases
shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in the Canadian Base Prospectus.

- 7 - 

(b) The Corporation has also prepared and
filed with the SEC, an automatic registration statement on Form S-3ASR, dated June 5,
2024 (File No. 333-279949) (the Initial Registration Statement),
including a related U.S. base prospectus, dated June 5, 2024 (the U.S. Base
Prospectus), covering the registration of the Shelf Securities under the Securities
Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder (the Rules and
Regulations), and such amendments to such Initial Registration Statement as may
have been permitted or required to the date of this Agreement.

(c) Any reference herein to the Registration
Statement, the Base Prospectuses, the Prospectus Supplements or the Prospectuses or any amendment
or supplement thereto shall be deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated
by reference therein, and any reference herein to the terms amend, amendment
or supplement with respect to the Registration Statement, the Base Prospectuses,
the Prospectus Supplements or the Prospectuses shall be deemed to refer to and include the
filing or furnishing of any document with or to the SEC or the Canadian Qualifying Authorities,
as applicable, on or after the effective date of the Registration Statement or the date of
the Base Prospectuses, the Prospectus Supplements or the Prospectuses, as the case may be,
and deemed to be incorporated by reference therein. For purposes of this Agreement, all references
to the Canadian Base Prospectus, the Canadian Prospectus Supplement and the Canadian Prospectus
or any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to include any copy filed with any
Canadian Qualifying Jurisdiction on SEDAR+ and all references to the Registration Statement,
the U.S. Base Prospectus, the U.S. Prospectus Supplement and the U.S. Prospectus or any amendment
or supplement thereto shall be deemed to include any copy filed with the SEC on EDGAR.

- 8 - 

(d) All references in this Agreement to financial
statements and schedules and other information which is contained, included
or stated in the Registration Statement, the U.S. Base Prospectus, the U.S.
Prospectus Supplement and the U.S. Prospectus (or other references of like import) shall
be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and schedules and other information
which is incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed by the Rules and Regulations
to be a part of or included in the Registration Statement, the U.S. Base Prospectus, the
U.S. Prospectus Supplement or the U.S. Prospectus, as the case may be; and all references
in this Agreement to amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement, the U.S. Base
Prospectus, the U.S. Prospectus Supplement or the U.S. Prospectus shall be deemed to mean
and include the filing of any document under the Exchange Act, and which is deemed to be
incorporated therein by reference or otherwise deemed by the Rules and Regulations to
be a part of or included in the Registration Statement, the U.S. Base Prospectus, the U.S.
Prospectus Supplement or the U.S. Prospectus, as the case may be. All references in this
Agreement to financial statements and other information which is described,
contained, included or stated in the Canadian Base
Prospectus, the Canadian Prospectus Supplement or the Canadian Prospectus (or other references
of like import) shall be deemed to mean and include all such financial statements and other
information which is incorporated by reference in or otherwise deemed by Canadian Securities
Laws to be a part of or included in the Canadian Base Prospectus, the Canadian Prospectus
Supplement or the Canadian Prospectus, as the case may be.

7. Representations and Warranties of the Corporation

The Corporation represents
and warrants to, and agrees with, the Agents that:

(a) Prospectuses and Registration Statement.

(i) The Corporation is qualified in accordance
with the provisions of NI 44-101 and NI 44-102 to file a short form base shelf prospectus
in each of the Canadian Qualifying Jurisdictions and the entering into of this Agreement
will not cause the Receipt to cease to be effective. Any amendment or supplement to the Registration
Statement or the Prospectuses required by this Agreement will be so prepared and filed by
the Corporation and, as applicable, the Corporation will use commercially reasonable efforts
to cause it to become effective as soon as reasonably practicable. No stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued under the Securities Act,
and no proceeding for that purpose has been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Corporation,
threatened by the SEC, and any request on the part of the SEC for additional or supplemental
information has been complied with. No order preventing or suspending the use of the Base
Prospectuses, the Prospectus Supplements, the Prospectuses or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
has been issued by the SEC or any Canadian Qualifying Authority. The Canadian Prospectus,
at the time of filing thereof with the Canadian Qualifying Authorities, complied in all material
respects and, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, will comply in all material respects
with Canadian Securities Laws. The Canadian Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, as of
its date, did not and, as of each Applicable Time and Settlement Date, if any, will not contain
a misrepresentation, as defined under Canadian Securities Laws. The Canadian Prospectus,
as amended or supplemented, as of its date, did and, as of each Applicable Time and Settlement
Date, if any, will contain full, true and plain disclosure of all material facts relating
to the Placement Shares and to the Corporation. The representations and warranties set forth
in the two immediately preceding sentences do not apply to statements in or omissions from
the Canadian Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements thereto, made in reliance upon
and in conformity with information furnished to the Corporation in writing by or on behalf
of the Agents expressly for use therein, it being understood and agreed that the only information
furnished by any Agent consists of the information described as such in Section 11(a) hereof.

- 9 - 

(ii) At the time of filing the Initial Registration
Statement, the Corporation met the requirements to file an automatic registration statement
on Form S-3ASR, and as of the date hereof, the Corporation remains permitted to use
the Initial Registration Statement for the offering and sale of the Placement Shares and
other Shelf Securities. The Registration Statement including any amendments thereto, remains effective, and no stop order suspending
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement has been issued under the Securities
Act and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or are pending or, to the knowledge
of the Corporation, are contemplated or threatened by the SEC, and any request on the part
of the SEC for additional or supplemental information has been complied with.

(iii) The Corporation shall file with the SEC
a U.S. Prospectus Supplement relating to the Placement Shares in accordance with Rule 424(b) promptly
after the execution of this Agreement (but in any event in the time period prescribed by
Rule 424(b)). As filed, the U.S. Prospectus shall contain all information required by
the Securities Act, and, except to the extent the Agents shall agree in writing to a modification,
shall be in all substantive respects in the form furnished to the Agents prior to the execution
of this Agreement or prior to any such time this representation is repeated or deemed to
be made. The Registration Statement, at the Execution Time, and during any period in which
a prospectus relating to any Placement Shares is required to be delivered by the Agents (including
in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 under
the Securities Act or similar rule) (the Prospectus Delivery Period),
meets, or will meet, the requirements for a continuous or delayed offering set forth in Rule 415(a)(1)(x) under
the Securities Act.

(iv) The Corporation was at the time of initial
filing of the Registration Statement and has been at all relevant determination dates thereafter
(as provided in clause (2) of the definition of well-known seasoned issuer
in Rule 405), a well-known seasoned issuer (as defined in Rule 405).
The Registration Statement is an automatic shelf registration statement (as
defined in Rule 405), and the Corporation has not received from the SEC any notice pursuant
to Rule 401(g)(2) under the Securities Act objecting to use of the automatic shelf
registration statement form and the Corporation has not otherwise ceased to be eligible to
use the automatic shelf registration statement form. The initial Effective Date of the Registration
Statement was not earlier than the date three years before the Execution Time.

- 10 - 

(v) The Corporation has delivered to each of
the Agents one complete copy of each of the Canadian Base Prospectus and the Registration
Statement and a copy of each consent of experts filed as a part thereof, and conformed copies
of the Canadian Base Prospectus, the Registration Statement (without exhibits) and the Prospectuses,
as amended or supplemented, at such places as the Agents have reasonably requested (provided
that the Corporation shall not be required to deliver any such document if such document
is accessible from SEDAR+ or EDGAR).

(b) No Misstatement or Omission. The
Registration Statement, at the Execution Time, on each Effective Date, at each deemed effective
date with respect to the Agents pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) under the Securities
Act, at each Applicable Time and Settlement Date, if any, and the U.S. Prospectus, on the
date of filing thereof with the SEC and at each Applicable Time and Settlement Date, conformed,
or will conform in all material respects, with the applicable requirements of the Rules and
Regulations, and the Registration Statement, when it became effective and at each deemed
effective date with respect to the Agents pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) under the
Securities Act, did not or will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading; and the U.S. Prospectus, on the date of filing thereof with the SEC,
and the U.S. Prospectus and the applicable Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, if any, issued
at or prior to such Applicable Time, taken together (collectively, and with respect to any
Placement Shares, together with the applicable sale price of such Placement Shares, the Disclosure
Package) and at each Applicable Time and Settlement Date, if any, did not or will
not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading; except that the foregoing shall not apply to statements or omissions
in any such document based upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to
the Corporation by or on behalf of any Agent specifically for inclusion therein, it being
understood and agreed that the only information furnished by the Agents consist of the information
described as such in Section 11(a) hereof.

(c) Incorporation and Good Standing of
Corporation. The Corporation has been duly incorporated and is validly existing and is
in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has all requisite
corporate power and authority to carry on its business as now carried on and presently proposed
to be conducted as is or will be described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses
and the Disclosure Package and to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in
which such qualification is required.

- 11 - 

(d) Title. The material subsidiaries
of the Corporation as of February 28, 2025 are set out in Exhibit D and are directly
or indirectly owned by the Corporation in the percentages set out therein (each, a Material
Subsidiary, and collectively, the Material Subsidiaries).
Other than the Material Subsidiaries, neither the Corporation nor any Material Subsidiary
has, directly or indirectly, any interest (whether equity, debt or otherwise) in any entity
other than: (i) immaterial subsidiaries of the Corporation as of February 28, 2025,
which are set out in Exhibit E and which are directly or indirectly owned by the Corporation
in the percentages set out therein (the Immaterial Subsidiaries); (ii) the
Related Entity; and (iii) the Investment Entities. Each of the Subsidiaries and, to
the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity and the Investment Entities, is a corporation,
company or limited partnership organized and existing under the laws of the jurisdiction
of its incorporation or formation, is current and up-to-date with all material filings required
to be made under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or formation and has the requisite
power and capacity to own, lease and operate its properties and assets and to conduct its
business as now carried on by it, and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason
of the ownership, leasing or licensing of property or the conduct of business, except where
the failure to be so would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The term Material
Adverse Effect means an effect, change, event or occurrence that, individually
or in the aggregate, has or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect
on: (A) the business, general affairs, management, condition (financial or otherwise),
results of operations, shareholders equity, properties or prospects of the Corporation
and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (B) the ability of the Corporation to consummate
the transactions contemplated herein. No Subsidiary is currently prohibited, directly or
indirectly, from paying any dividends to the Corporation, from making any other distribution
on such Subsidiarys share capital, from repaying to the Corporation any loans or advances
to such Subsidiary from the Corporation or from transferring any of such Subsidiarys
property or assets to the Corporation or any other Subsidiary, as the case may be. All of
the issued and outstanding shares or other equity interests in the capital of each Subsidiary
and, to the extent such equity interests are owned by the Corporation or a Subsidiary, of
each Investment Entity, have been duly authorized and validly issued, are fully paid and
non-assessable and are directly or indirectly beneficially owned by the Corporation, free
and clear of any encumbrance or title defect of whatever kind or nature, regardless of form,
whether or not registered or registrable or arising by law (statutory or otherwise), including
any mortgage, lien, charge, pledge or security interest, whether fixed or floating, or any
assignment, lease, option, right of pre-emption, privilege, encumbrance, easement, servitude,
right of way, restrictive covenant, right of use or any other right or claim of any kind
or nature whatever which affects ownership or possession of, or title to, any interest in,
or the right to use or occupy such property or assets (each, a Lien,
and together, the Liens) except such as are described in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package or such as do not (individually or
in the aggregate) materially affect the value of such shares or other equity interests, and
none of the outstanding shares or other equity interests of any Subsidiary was issued in
violation of pre-emptive or similar rights of any security holder of such subsidiary. There
exist no options, warrants, purchase rights, or other contracts or commitments that could
require the Corporation to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any shares or equity interest
of any Material Subsidiary or Investment Entity. No act or proceeding has been taken by or
against the Material Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Investment
Entities, in connection with their liquidation, winding-up or bankruptcy.

- 12 - 

(e) Licences. Each of the Corporation,
the Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Investment Entities has all
requisite power, capacity and authority, and all necessary consents, approvals, authorizations,
orders, registrations, qualifications, licences, filings and permits of, with and from all
judicial, regulatory and other legal or governmental agencies and bodies and all third parties,
Canadian, U.S. or foreign, including without limitation, those administered by Health Canada
and any successor thereof (Health Canada) or any other governments,
regulatory authorities, governmental departments, agencies, commissions, bureaus, officials,
ministers, Crown corporations, courts, bodies, boards, tribunals, commercial registers or
dispute settlement panels or other law, rule or regulation-making organizations or entities
(Governmental Authorities) in Canada or any other country performing
functions similar to those performed by Health Canada (collectively, the Consents),
to own, lease and operate its properties and conduct its business as it is now being conducted
or, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure
Package, proposed to be conducted, in each case as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, and each such Consent is valid, existing, in
good standing and in full force and effect, except in each case as would not have, individually
or in the aggregate, any Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary
nor, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity or any Investment Entity, has
received notice of any investigation or proceedings which, if decided adversely to the Corporation,
any such Subsidiary, Related Entity or Investment Entity, as the case may be, could reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Corporation, each Subsidiary, and,
to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity and each Investment Entity, have
been and are in compliance with the terms and conditions of all such Consents, except where
the failure to so comply would not, individually or in the aggregate, have any Material Adverse
Effect.

(f) Compliance with Applicable Laws.
Each of the Corporation, the Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related
Entity, has conducted and is conducting its business and activities in compliance in all
material respects with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of each jurisdiction
in which it carries on such business and activities. To the knowledge of the Corporation,
each of the Investment Entities has conducted and is conducting its business and activities
in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws, rules and regulations
of each jurisdiction in which it carries on such business and activities except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package. Neither the Corporation
nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity or any Investment
Entity, has received any notice of any alleged violation of any laws, rules or regulations.

- 13 - 

(g) No Defaults. None of the Corporation
or the Subsidiaries is in default of any term, covenant or condition under or in respect
of any judgment, order, agreement or instrument to which it is a party or to which it or
any of the properties or assets thereof are or may be subject, and no event has occurred
and is continuing, and no circumstance exists which constitutes a default by it in respect
of any commitment, agreement, document or other instrument to which the Corporation or any
Subsidiary is a party or by which it is otherwise bound entitling any other party thereto
to accelerate the maturity of any amount owing thereunder, except with respect to all of
the foregoing such as would not, individually or in the aggregate, if the subject of an unfavourable
decision, order, ruling or finding, have a Material Adverse Effect.

(h) Enforceability of Agreement. The
Corporation has duly authorized, executed and delivered this Agreement and this Agreement
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Corporation enforceable against
it in accordance with its terms, subject to the exceptions as to enforceability as are contained
in the opinion of Cassels Brock & Blackwell LLP referred to in Section 8(o) hereof.

(i) No Consents Required. Except as
shall have been made or obtained on or before each Applicable Time and Settlement Date, if
any, each of which is, or shall be, in full force and effect (on a conditional basis, in
the case of the consent of the TSX), no consent, approval, authorization, registration or
qualification of any court, governmental agency or body, regulatory authority or contractual
party is required for the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the distribution
of the Placement Shares or the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein.

(j) Due Authorization. The Corporation
has the necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver the Registration Statement
and the Canadian Prospectus and, if applicable, will have the necessary corporate power and
authority to execute and deliver any amendment to the Registration Statement or the Canadian
Prospectus prior to the filing thereof, and all necessary corporate action has been taken
by the Corporation to authorize the execution and delivery by it of the Registration Statement,
the Canadian Prospectus and the filing thereof, as the case may be, in each of the Canadian
Qualifying Jurisdictions under Canadian Securities Laws or with the SEC under the Securities
Act, as applicable.

- 14 - 

(k) No Material Change. Subsequent
to the respective dates as of which information is given in the Registration Statement, the
Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, (i) the Corporation has not declared or
paid any dividends, or made any other distribution of any kind, on or in respect of its share
capital, (ii) there has not been any material change in the share capital or long-term
or short-term debt of the Corporation, any Subsidiary or the Related Entity, (iii) neither
the Corporation nor any Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related
Entity has sustained any loss or interference with its business or properties from fire,
explosion, flood, hurricane, accident or other calamity, whether or not covered by insurance,
or from any labor dispute or any legal or governmental proceeding except where the loss or
interference would not, result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (iv) there has not
been any Material Adverse Effect or any development involving a prospective Material Adverse
Effect, whether or not arising from transactions in the ordinary course of business, in or
affecting the business, general affairs, management, condition (financial or otherwise),
results of operations, shareholders equity, properties or prospects of the Corporation,
the Subsidiaries and the Related Entity, taken as a whole. Since the date of the latest balance
sheet included, or incorporated by reference, in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses
and the Disclosure Package, neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary nor the Related Entity
has incurred or undertaken any liabilities or obligations, whether direct or indirect, liquidated
or contingent, matured or unmatured, or entered into any transactions, including any acquisition
or disposition of any business or asset, which are material to the Corporation, the Subsidiaries
and the Related Entity, taken as a whole, except for liabilities, obligations and transactions
which are disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package.

(l) Financial Information. The consolidated
financial statements of the Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, included or incorporated
by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package (the
Corporation Financial Information), together with the related schedules
and notes, (i) present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, as at the date specified in such Corporation
Financial Information; (ii) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) applied
on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved, (iii) comply with the requirements
of Canadian Securities Laws and U.S. Securities Laws, subject to any duly obtained waiver
therefrom, and (iv) do not contain any misrepresentation (within the meaning of Canadian
Securities Laws). No other financial statements or supporting schedules are required to be
included, or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and
the Disclosure Package by Canadian Securities Laws, the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
The other financial and statistical information included or incorporated by reference in
the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, including the selected
consolidated financial data set forth under the caption Consolidated Capitalization
in the Canadian Prospectus present fairly the information included or incorporated by reference
therein and have been prepared on a basis consistent with that of the financial statements
that are included or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, and the Prospectuses,
and with the books and records of the Corporation.

- 15 - 

(m) Non-GAAP Measures. All disclosures
contained in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectuses regarding
non-GAAP financial measures (as such term is defined by the rules and
regulations of the SEC and under Canadian Securities Laws) comply in all material respects
with Regulation G under the Exchange Act, paragraph (e) of Item 10 of Regulation S-K
under the Securities Act, and Canadian Securities Laws, in each case to the extent applicable.

(n) No Undisclosed Liabilities. Neither
the Corporation nor the Subsidiaries have any liabilities, obligations, indebtedness or commitments,
whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise, which are not disclosed or referred to
in the Corporation Financial Information and in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses
and the Disclosure Package.

(o) Material Interests. Except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, none of the directors,
officers or employees of the Corporation, the Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Corporation,
the Related Entity or the Investment Entities or any other person who owns, directly or indirectly,
more than 10% of any class of securities of the Corporation or securities of any person exchangeable
for more than 10% of any class of securities of the Corporation, or any associate or affiliate
of any of the foregoing, had or has any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction
or any proposed transaction (including, without limitation, any loan made to or by any such
person) with the Corporation which, as the case may be, materially affects, is material to
or will materially affect the Corporation or any Subsidiary.

(p) Operational Restrictions. None
of the Corporation, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity
is a party to, bound by or affected by any commitment, agreement or document containing any
covenant which expressly and materially limits the freedom of the Corporation, a Subsidiary
or the Related Entity to compete in any line of business, transfer or move any of its respective
assets or operations or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The
operations of Canopy USA are limited by the Second Amended and Restated Protection Agreement
by and among the Corporation and Canopy USA.

- 16 - 

(q) Legal Proceedings. Except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, there is no judicial,
regulatory, arbitral or other legal or governmental proceeding, investigation or other litigation
or arbitration, Canadian, United States or foreign, including any proceeding before Health
Canada or any other Governmental Authority in Canada or any other country performing functions
similar to those performed by Health Canada, in progress or pending to which the Corporation,
any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity or any Investment
Entity, are a party or of which any of their respective property, operations or assets is
the subject which, individually or in the aggregate, if determined adversely to the Corporation,
any Subsidiary, the Related Entity or any Investment Entity, as the case may be, would reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, nor are there any matters under discussion
outside of the ordinary course of business with any Governmental Authority relating to taxes,
governmental charges, orders or assessments asserted by any such authority except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, and to the knowledge
of the Corporation there are no facts or circumstances that would reasonably be expected
to form the basis for any such litigation, governmental or other proceeding or investigation,
taxes, governmental charges, orders or assessments except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package; to the Corporations knowledge,
no such proceeding, investigation, litigation or arbitration is threatened or contemplated
except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package;
and the defense of all such proceedings, investigations, litigation and arbitrations against
or involving the Corporation, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the
Related Entity or any Investment Entity would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses, and
the Disclosure Package, none of the Corporation, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the
Corporation, the Related Entity or any Investment Entity, or any director or officer thereof,
is or has been the subject of any judicial, regulatory, arbitral or other legal or governmental
proceeding, investigation or other litigation or arbitration involving a claim of violation
of or liability under federal, provincial, territorial or state securities laws or a claim
of breach of fiduciary duty.

(r) Labor Relations. Each of the Corporation,
its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity, is in compliance,
in all material respects, with the provisions of all applicable federal, provincial, territorial,
state, local and other laws and regulations respecting employment and employment practices,
terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours. No labor disturbance by the employees
of the Corporation, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity
exists or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, is imminent and the Corporation is not aware
of any existing or imminent labor disturbances by the employees of any of its or any Subsidiarys
or the Related Entitys principal suppliers, manufacturers, customers or contractors,
which, in either case (individually or in the aggregate), would have a Material Adverse Effect.
No union has been accredited or otherwise designated to represent any employees of the Corporation,
any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity and, to the knowledge
of the Corporation, no accreditation request or other representation question is pending
with respect to the employees of the Corporation, any Subsidiary or the Related Entity, and
no collective agreement or collective bargaining agreement or modification thereof has expired
or is in effect in any of the Corporations, any Subsidiarys or the Related
Entitys facilities and none is currently being negotiated by the Corporation, any
Subsidiary or the Related Entity.

- 17 - 

(s) Third-Party Relationships. Except
for such matters as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse
Effect, no existing supplier, distributor, service provider, manufacturer or contractor of
the Corporation, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity
has indicated that it intends to terminate its relationship with the Corporation, such Subsidiary
or the Related Entity or that it will alter or be unable to meet the Corporations,
such Subsidiarys or the Related Entitys supply, distribution, service, manufacturing
or contracting requirements.

(t) Pre-Emptive Rights. Except as disclosed
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, the distribution
of the Placement Shares is not subject to the pre-emptive rights of any shareholder of the
Corporation.

(u) Translation Relief. The Corporation
has received the French Translation Exemption in respect of the Canadian Base Prospectus
and the Canadian Prospectus Supplement, and such relief remains in full force and effect
without amendment.

(v) No Violation. The execution and
delivery of this Agreement, the compliance by the Corporation with the provisions of this
Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein or contemplated by,
or described in, the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package,
including, without limitation, the distribution of the Placement Shares by the Corporation
for the consideration and upon the terms and conditions as set out herein, do not or will
not:

(i) result in any breach of, or constitute a
default under, and do not and will not create a state of facts which, after notice or lapse
of time or both, would result in a breach of or constitute a default under, (a) any
term or provision of the articles, by-laws or resolutions of the Corporation, (b) any
indenture, mortgage, note, contract, agreement (written or oral), instrument, lease or other
document to which the Corporation or any Subsidiary is a party or to which any of them or
any of the properties or assets currently owned by them are subject, except as such would
not have a Material Adverse Effect, or (c) any judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or
regulation of any court, governmental authority, arbitrator, stock exchange or securities
regulatory authority applicable to the Corporation or any Subsidiary or any of the properties
or assets currently owned by them; or

(ii) except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, create a right for any other party
to terminate, accelerate or in any way alter any other rights existing under any indenture,
mortgage, note, contract, agreement (written or oral), instrument, lease or other document
to which the Corporation or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any of them or any of the
properties or assets currently owned is bound, except such as would not have a Material Adverse
Effect.

- 18 - 

Neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary
nor, to the Corporations knowledge, the Related Entity or any Investment Entity (i) is in violation of its certificate or
articles of incorporation, by-laws, certificate of formation, limited liability company agreement, partnership agreement or other organizational
documents, (ii) is in default under, and no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default
under or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any property or assets of the Corporation, any Subsidiary or the Related
Entity pursuant to, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan agreement or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or
by which it is bound or to which any of its property or assets is subject, or (iii) is in violation of any statute, law, rule, regulation,
ordinance, directive, judgment, decree or order of any judicial, regulatory or other legal or governmental agency or body, Canadian,
U.S. or foreign, except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package and except (in the case
of clauses (ii) and (iii) above) in any such case for violations or defaults that would not (individually or in the aggregate)
have a Material Adverse Effect.

(w) Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws.
None of the Corporation, any Subsidiary, any director or officer thereof acting on behalf
of the Corporation or any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, any agent,
employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Corporation or any Subsidiary,
or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity, any Investment Entity, any director
or officer thereof or any agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of
the Related Entity or any Investment Entity, is aware of or has taken any action, directly
or indirectly, that would result in a violation by such persons of the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the FCPA),
the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada) (the CFPOA),
the Criminal Code (Canada) or any other applicable anti-corruption laws, rules, or
regulation of Canada or any other jurisdiction in which the Corporation, any Subsidiary,
the Related Entity, any Investment Entity conducts business, including, without limitation,
making use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce corruptly
in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay or authorization of the payment of any
money, or other property, gift, promise to give, or authorization of the giving of anything
of value to any foreign official or foreign public official (as
such terms are defined in the FCPA and CFPOA, as applicable) or any foreign political party
or official thereof or any candidate for foreign political office, in contravention of the
FCPA or the CFPOA, or to any Canadian public official in contravention of the Criminal
Code and the Corporation, the Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of the Corporation,
the Related Entity, have conducted their businesses in compliance with the FCPA, CFPOA, and
the Criminal Code (Canada) and have instituted and maintain policies and procedures
designed to ensure, and which are reasonably expected to continue to ensure, continued compliance
therewith.

- 19 - 

(x) Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering
Laws. None of the Corporation, any Subsidiary, any director or officer thereof acting
on behalf of the Corporation or any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, any
agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of the Corporation or any Subsidiary,
nor, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity, any Investment Entity any director
or officer thereof or any agent, employee, affiliate or other person acting on behalf of
the Related Entity or any Investment Entity, has at any time during the last five years (i) made
any unlawful contribution to any candidate for non-United States office, or failed to disclose
fully any such contribution in violation of law, or (ii) made any payment to any federal
or state governmental officer or official, or other person charged with similar public or
quasi-public duties, other than payments required or permitted by the laws of the United
States or any jurisdiction thereof. The operations of the Corporation, each Subsidiary and,
to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity or any Investment Entity, are and
have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial record-keeping and
reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as
amended, the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act
(Canada), with the Criminal Code (Canada), and with the money laundering statutes
of all other applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any
related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines issued, administered or enforced by any
governmental agency (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws) and no
action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body
or any arbitrator involving the Corporation, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Corporation,
the Related Entity or any Investment Entity, with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is
pending or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, threatened.

(y) Compliance with Sanctions Laws.

(i) Neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary
nor the Related Entity nor any director or officer thereof nor, to the Corporations
knowledge, any employee, agent, affiliate, representative or other person acting on behalf
of the Corporation, any Subsidiary or the Related Entity nor, to the knowledge of the Corporation,
any director or officer thereof nor any employee, agent, affiliate, representative or other
person acting on behalf of the Related Entity, is an individual or entity (Specified
Person) that is, or is 50% or more owned or controlled by a Specified Person that
is: (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department
of Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control, the United Nations Security Council,
the European Union, His Majestys Treasury, Global Affairs Canada or other relevant
sanctions authority (collectively, Sanctions), nor (ii) located,
organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of comprehensive economic
Sanctions including, without limitation, Cuba, Burma (Myanmar), Iran, North Korea, Sudan,
Syria, the Crimea Region and the non-government controlled areas of Zaporizhzhia and Kherson
Regions of Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic and the so-called Luhansk
Peoples Republic (each, a Sanctioned Territory).

- 20 - 

(ii) The Corporation will not, directly or indirectly,
use the proceeds of the Offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds
to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person: (i) to fund or facilitate
any unauthorized activities or business of or with any person that, at the time of such funding
or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any Sanctioned Territory; or (ii) in
any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any person (including any
person participating in the Offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise).

(iii) For the past five years, the Corporation,
its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity and the Investment
Entities, have not knowingly engaged in, are not now knowingly engaged in, and will not engage
in, any direct or indirect dealings or transactions in violation of applicable Sanctions.

(z) Corporation Activities. Neither
the Corporation nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any director, officer, employee or any agent
or other person acting on behalf of the Corporation or any Subsidiary has cultivated, produced,
processed, imported or distributed any cannabis or cannabinoid product or has otherwise engaged
in any direct or indirect dealings or transactions, in each case, involving the purchase
or sale of cannabis or cannabinoid product by the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries
in or to any jurisdiction (including the United States of America, its territories and possessions,
any state of the United States and the District of Columbia) where such activity is illegal.
The Corporation and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintained policies and procedures
reasonably designed to ensure that the Corporation and its Subsidiaries do not carry on any
activities in, or distribute any products to, any jurisdiction where such activities or products
are not in compliance with applicable laws.

(aa) Criminal Laws. Neither the Corporation
nor any of its Subsidiaries has violated, and does not reasonably expect it will violate,
U.S. federal or state criminal laws, including, without limitation, the Federal Cannabis
Laws, the Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Practices Act, the Travel Act or any anti-money
laundering statute. No action, suit or proceeding by or before any U.S. court or governmental
agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries
with respect to U.S. federal or state criminal laws is pending or, to the Corporations
knowledge, threatened.

(bb) U.S. Cannabis Compliance. As of
the date hereof, the Corporations interest in the Investment Entities is structured
(the Canopy USA Structure) such that the Corporation holds non-voting,
non-participating securities in the Investment Entities on the terms and conditions as described
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, and in connection
therewith, the Corporation does not, directly or indirectly, exercise control or direction
over any of the Investment Entities or their respective subsidiaries, and under the terms
of the Canopy USA Structure, the Investment Entities are prohibited from paying any dividends
or making any other distribution on share capital to the Corporation and its Subsidiaries.
None of the Nasdaq, TSX, SEC, OSC or any other Governmental Authority, as of the date hereof,
has raised any objections with respect to the Canopy USA Structure that have not been adequately
remedied. As of the date hereof, the Corporation has completed the deconsolidation of the
Investment Entities under U.S. GAAP in accordance with the terms of the Canopy USA Structure;
and the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, and, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Investment
Entities, have conducted their operations in compliance with the terms and conditions of
the Canopy USA Structure. The Corporation and its Subsidiaries are not considered a U.S.
Marijuana Issuer (as defined in the Canadian Securities Administrators Staff Notice 51-352
Issuers with U.S. Marijuana-Related Activities (the Staff Notice))
nor does the Corporation have material ancillary involvement in the U.S. cannabis industry
in accordance with the Staff Notice.

- 21 - 

(cc) Financial and Disclosure Controls.
The Corporation and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting and
other controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are
executed in accordance with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with
U.S. GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted
only in accordance with managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the
recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals
and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. Except as disclosed in the
Registration Statement, the Prospectuses or the Disclosure Package, the Corporations
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act and Canadian Securities Laws) are effective and the Corporation and its
Subsidiaries are not aware of any material weakness in their internal control over financial
reporting. Since the date of the latest audited consolidated financial statements included
or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure
Package there has been no change in the Corporations internal control over financial
reporting that would have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, the Corporation and its Subsidiaries
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under
the Exchange Act and Canadian Securities Laws) that have been designed to ensure that material
information relating to the Corporation and its Subsidiaries is made known to the Corporations
principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectuses or the Disclosure Package, such disclosure controls and procedures
of the Corporation and the Subsidiaries were effective as at December 31, 2024.

- 22 - 

(dd) Tax Returns. Except as has been
disclosed in each of the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package:
(i) each of the Corporation, the Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Corporation,
the Related Entity has, on a timely basis, accurately prepared and filed all U.S., Canadian
and foreign tax returns that are required to be filed by it and has paid or made provision
for the payment of all applicable taxes, assessments, governmental or other similar charges
with respect to the periods covered by such tax returns, except to the extent that the failure
to do any of the foregoing would not be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) each
of the Corporation, the Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related
Entity has paid all sales and use taxes and all taxes which the Corporation, any Subsidiary
or the Related Entity is obligated to withhold from amounts owing to employees, creditors
and third parties, except in any such case as would not have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) the
Corporation is not aware of any tax deficiencies or interest or penalties accrued or accruing
or alleged to be accrued or accruing, thereon with respect to itself or any Subsidiary which
have not otherwise been provided for by the Corporation, except to the extent that any such
deficiency, interest or penalty would not be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(iv) there are no transfer taxes or other similar fees or charges under Canadian or
U.S. federal law or the laws of any state, province, territory or any political subdivision
thereof, required to be paid in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
or the issuance by the Corporation or sale by the Corporation of the Placement Shares; and
(v) no stamp duty, registration or documentary taxes, duties or similar charges are
payable under Canadian or U.S. federal laws or the laws of any state, province, territory
or any political subdivision thereof in connection with the creation, issuance, sale and
delivery to the Agents of the Placement Shares or the authorization, execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement or the resale of Placement Shares by an Agent to U.S. residents.
The accruals and reserves on the books and records of the Corporation and the Subsidiaries
in respect of tax liabilities for any taxable period not finally determined are adequate
to meet any assessments and related liabilities for any such period and, since the date of
the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation, the Corporation
and the Subsidiaries have not incurred any liability for taxes other than in the ordinary
course of their business, except to the extent that any such liability would not be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no tax lien, whether imposed by any U.S., Canadian
or other taxing authority, outstanding against the assets, properties or business of the
Corporation or any Subsidiary, except to the extent that any such tax lien would not be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(ee) Accurate Disclosures. The statements
set forth in the Canadian Base Prospectus under the captions Description of Securities,
The Corporation and Risk Factors; in the U.S. Base
Prospectus under the captions Description of Capital Shares, The
Company, Risk Factors and Enforceability of Civil
Liabilities; in the Corporations most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K
under the caption Item 1. Business (as updated by the Corporations
most recently filed Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, if applicable); in the U.S. Prospectus
Supplement under the captions Certain Canadian Income Tax Considerations
and Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations; in the
Canadian Prospectus Supplement under the captions Certain Canadian Federal Income
Tax Considerations and Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations;
and in the Registration Statement under Part II Item 15. Indemnification
of Directors and Officers, insofar as such statements summarize legal matters,
agreements, documents or proceedings discussed therein, are, in all material respects, accurate,
complete and fair summaries of such legal matters, agreements, documents or proceedings.
There is no franchise, contract or other document of a character required to be described
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses or the Disclosure Package, or to be filed
as an exhibit thereto, which is not described or filed as required; insofar as such descriptions
summarize legal matters, agreements, documents or proceedings discussed therein, such descriptions
are accurate and fair summaries of such legal matters, agreements, documents or proceedings.
This Agreement conforms in all material respects to the description thereof in the Prospectuses.

- 23 - 

(ff) Significant Acquisitions or Dispositions.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package,
no acquisition or disposition has been completed by the Corporation during its three most
recent fiscal years or since the beginning of the Corporations current fiscal year
that would be a significant acquisition or disposition for the purposes of Canadian Securities
Laws, the Securities Act or the Rules and Regulations or that would require the financial
statement and/or pro forma disclosure in respect of the acquired business in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, and no proposed acquisition by the
Corporation has progressed to a state where a reasonable person would believe that the likelihood
of the Corporation completing the acquisition is high or would be considered probable
(within the meaning of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act) and that: (i) if completed
by the Corporation at the date of the Prospectuses, would be a significant acquisition for
the purposes of Canadian Securities Laws, the Securities Act or the Rules and Regulations
or (ii) would require the financial statement disclosure in respect of the acquired
business in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package.

(gg) Capitalization. The Corporation
is authorized to issue an unlimited number of Shares and an unlimited number of Exchangeable
Shares. All of the issued and outstanding Shares and Exchangeable Shares are fully paid and
non-assessable and have been duly and validly authorized and issued, in material compliance
with all applicable Canadian, United States and other securities laws and not in violation
of or subject to any pre-emptive or similar right that entitles any person to acquire from
the Corporation any Shares, Exchangeable Shares or other security of the Corporation or any
security convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, Shares, Exchangeable Shares
or any other such security (any Relevant Security), except for such
rights as (i) may have been fully satisfied or waived prior to the date hereof, or (ii) are
disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package. The
form of the certificates for the Shares and the Exchangeable Shares have been approved by
the board of directors of the Corporation and adopted by the Corporation and comply with
all applicable legal and stock exchange requirements and do not conflict with the Corporations
constating documents. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses
and the Disclosure Package, no holder of any Relevant Security has any rights to require
registration or qualification under the Securities Act or Canadian Securities Laws of any
Relevant Security in connection with the offer and sale of the Shares contemplated hereby.
No person has the right to act as an underwriter or as a financial advisor to the Corporation
in connection with the offer and sale of the Placement Shares hereunder, as a result of the
sale of the Placement Shares as contemplated hereby or otherwise. Except as disclosed in
the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, there are no shareholders
agreements, voting agreements, investors rights agreements or other agreements in
force or effect which in any manner affects or will affect the voting or control of any of
the securities of the Corporation, its Subsidiaries or the Related Entity, the nomination
of directors to the board of the Corporation or the operations or affairs of the Corporation,
its Subsidiaries or the Related Entity. For purposes of this Section 7(gg), in the case
of the Related Entity, any disclosure in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and
the Disclosure Package to the effect that the Related Entity is a joint venture or a partnership
with another person shall be considered to constitute disclosure that there is or will be
a shareholders agreement, voting agreement, investors rights agreement or other
agreement which does affect or will affect the voting or control of securities of the Related
Entity or the operations or affairs of the Related Entity.

- 24 - 

(hh) Description of Shares. The Shares
conform and will conform to all statements relating thereto contained in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package and such description conforms to the
rights set forth in the instruments defining the same.

(ii) The Placement Shares. The Corporation
has full power and authority (corporate or otherwise) to issue the Placement Shares and to
perform its obligations hereunder. When issued in accordance with this Agreement, and upon
receipt of payment for the Placement Shares, the Placement Shares will have been duly and
validly created and issued as fully paid and non-assessable.

(jj) No Undisclosed Relationships.
Neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary nor the Related Entity (i) has any material
lending or other relationship with any bank or lending affiliate of any of the Agents, (ii) intends
to use any of the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Shares hereunder to repay any outstanding
debt owed to any affiliate of any of the Agents, (iii) except as disclosed in the Canadian
Prospectus Supplement, has any other relationship with any of the Agents that would require
disclosure in the Canadian Prospectus pursuant to NI 33-105, or (iv) has been involved
in any related party transactions or off-balance sheet transactions or any other non-arms
length transactions involving the Corporation or its Subsidiaries that are required to be
disclosed under NI 33-105 or the rules and regulations of FINRA, that have not been
described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses or the Disclosure Package or to
be filed as exhibits thereto which have not been so filed as required.

(kk) Public Filings. There are no reports
or information that in accordance with the requirements of Canadian Securities Laws must
be made publicly available in connection with the Offering that have not been made publicly
available as required; there are no documents required to be filed as of the date hereof
with the Canadian Qualifying Authorities in connection with the Offering that have not been
filed as required; and the Corporation has not filed any confidential material change reports
or similar confidential report with any securities regulatory authority that is still maintained
on a confidential basis. There are no contracts or other documents that are required by the
Securities Act to be described in the U.S. Prospectus or filed as exhibits to the Registration
Statement, or that are required by the Exchange Act to be filed as exhibits to a document
incorporated by reference into the U.S. Prospectus, that have not been so described in the
U.S. Prospectus or filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement or such incorporated document.

- 25 - 

(ll) No Brokerage or Finders Fees.
Other than the Agents, there is no person acting or, to the knowledge of the Corporation,
purporting to act at the request of the Corporation, who is entitled to any brokerage, finders
fees or other like payment in connection with the transactions contemplated herein or, to
the Corporations knowledge, any arrangements, agreements, understandings, payments
or issuance with respect to the Corporation or any of its officers, directors, shareholders,
partners, employees, Subsidiaries or affiliates that may affect the Agents compensation
as determined by FINRA.

(mm) No Rulings Against Directors or Officers.
Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package,
to the knowledge of the Corporation, none of the directors or officers of the Corporation
are now, or have been in the ten (10) years prior to the date hereof, subject to an
order or ruling of any securities regulatory authority or stock exchange prohibiting such
individual from acting as a director or officer of a public company or of a company listed
on a particular stock exchange.

(nn) Transactions at Arms Length.
Neither the Corporation nor any of the Subsidiaries owes any amount to, nor has the Corporation
or any of the Subsidiaries made any present loans to, or borrowed any amount from or is otherwise
indebted to, any officer, director, employee or securityholder of any of them or any person
not dealing at arms-length (within the meaning of such term for purposes
of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) with any of them, except for usual employee reimbursements
and compensation paid in the ordinary and normal course of the business of the Corporation
or any of the Subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses
and the Disclosure Package, and usual employee or consulting arrangements made in the ordinary
and normal course of business, neither the Corporation nor any of the Subsidiaries is a party
to any contract, agreement or understanding with any officer, director, employee or securityholder
of any of them or any other person not dealing at arms-length with the Corporation
and the Subsidiaries.

(oo) Compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
The Corporation and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the
applicable provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley.

- 26 - 

(pp) No Orders. No securities commission
or any similar regulatory authority in any jurisdiction has issued any order which is currently
outstanding preventing or suspending trading in any securities of the Corporation and no
such proceeding is, to the knowledge of the Corporation, pending, contemplated or threatened,
and the Corporation is not in material default of any requirement of Canadian Securities
Laws, the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

(qq) Listing on TSX and Nasdaq. The
issued and outstanding Shares are listed and posted for trading on the TSX and Nasdaq, and
the Corporation reasonably believes that it is in compliance with the current listing requirements
of the TSX and Nasdaq; and the Placement Shares will be listed and posted for trading on
the TSX and Nasdaq as of each Applicable Time. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement,
the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, the Corporation has not, in the 12 months preceding
the date the first Placement Notice is given hereunder, received notice from the TSX or Nasdaq
to the effect that the Corporation is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements
of each such stock exchange. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses
and the Disclosure Package, the Corporation has no reason to believe that it will not in
the foreseeable future continue to be in compliance with all such listing and maintenance
requirements.

(rr) Canadian Reporting Issuer; SEC Registration.
The Corporation is a reporting issuer or the equivalent thereof in each of
the Canadian Qualifying Jurisdictions where such concept exists, is not on the list of defaulting
reporting issuers maintained by the Canadian Qualifying Authorities in each such Canadian
Qualifying Jurisdiction that maintains such a list and its securities are not the subject
of a general cease trade order by any of the Canadian Qualifying Authorities. The Corporation
is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 of the Exchange Act and files
periodic reports with the SEC; the Shares are registered with the SEC under Section 12(b) of
the Exchange Act, and the Registration Statement is not the subject of a stop order by the
SEC.

(ss) Transfer Agents and Registrar.
Odyssey Trust Company at its principal offices in Calgary, Alberta, is the duly appointed
registrar and transfer agent of the Corporation in Canada and the United States with respect
to the Shares and the Exchangeable Shares.

(tt) Investment Company Act. The Corporation
is not and, solely after giving effect to the Offering and the application of the Net Proceeds
as described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package,
will not be an investment company as defined in the United States Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder.

(uu) Independent Accountants. PKF OConnor
Davies, LLP, the current independent registered public accounting firm for the Corporation,
is independent with respect to the Corporation within the meaning of the Chartered Professional
Accountants of Ontario CPA Code of Professional Conduct and is an independent registered
public accounting firm with respect to the Corporation within the meaning of the Securities
Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), and is registered
with the Canadian Public Accountability Board. KPMG LLP, the former independent registered
public accounting firm for the Corporation, was at all applicable times independent with
respect to the Corporation within the meaning of the Chartered Professional Accountants of
Ontario CPA Code of Professional Conduct and was at all applicable times an independent registered
public accounting firm with respect to the Corporation within the meaning of the Securities
Act and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). There has not been
any reportable event (within the meaning of NI 51-102) between the Corporation and its auditors.

- 27 - 

(vv) No Stabilization. The Corporation
has not taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to or that would constitute or
that might reasonably be expected to cause or result in, under Canadian Securities Laws,
the Exchange Act or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of the Shares to
facilitate the sale or resale of the Placement Shares.

(ww) Purchases by the Agents. The Corporation
acknowledges and agrees that the Agents have informed the Corporation that the Agents may,
but are not required to, to the extent permitted under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act,
Canadian Securities Laws, the rules of the TSX and Nasdaq and this Agreement, purchase
and sell Shares for the Agents own accounts and for the accounts of their clients
at the same time as sales of Placement Shares occur pursuant to this Agreement.

(xx) Conformity of Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conformed or will conform in all respects
with the requirements of the Securities Act on the date of first use, and the Corporation
has complied or will comply with any filing requirements applicable to such Issuer Free Writing
Prospectus pursuant to the Securities Act. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its
issue date and at all subsequent times through the completion of the public offer and sale
of the Placement Shares, did not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted,
conflicts or will conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or
the Prospectuses, including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been
superseded or modified. The Corporation has not made any offer relating to the Shares that
would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus without the prior written consent of the
Agents. The Corporation has retained in accordance with the Securities Act all Issuer Free
Writing Prospectuses that were not required to be filed pursuant to the Securities Act.

- 28 - 

(yy) Compliance with Regulatory Laws.
Except where the failure to comply would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Corporation, the Subsidiaries
and their respective directors, officers and employees acting on behalf of the Corporation
or any Subsidiary: (A) is and at all times has been in compliance with all applicable
federal, provincial, state, municipal, local, or foreign statutes, rules, regulations, ordinances,
orders, decrees and guidances including, without limitation, the Food and Drugs Act
R.S.C. 1985, c. F-27, the Cannabis Act, and the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act
S.C. 1996, c. 19; (B) has not received any correspondence, inspection report, notice
of adverse finding, warning letter or other notice from any Governmental Authority alleging
or asserting material non-compliance with any applicable laws or any licences, certificates,
approvals, consents, clearances, registrations, qualifications, authorizations, permits and
supplements or amendments thereto required by any such applicable laws (collectively, Authorizations);
(C) possesses all Authorizations required for the conduct of its business, and such
Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect, and the Corporation, the Subsidiaries
and all directors, officers and employees of each acting on behalf of the Corporation or
any Subsidiary are not in violation of any term of any such Authorization; (D) has not
received notice of any pending or threatened claim, suit, proceeding, charge, hearing, enforcement,
audit, investigation, inspection, arbitration or other action from any Governmental Authority
or third party alleging that any operation or activity of the Corporation, the Subsidiaries
or any of their directors, officers and/or employees acting on behalf of the Corporation
or any Subsidiary is in violation of any applicable laws or Authorizations and, except as
disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectuses, has no knowledge or reason
to believe that any such Governmental Authority or third party is considering or would have
reasonable grounds to consider any such claim, suit, proceeding, charge, hearing, enforcement,
audit, investigation, arbitration or other action; (E) has not received notice that
any Governmental Authority has taken, is taking, or intends to take action to limit, suspend,
modify or revoke any material Authorizations and, except as disclosed in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, has no knowledge or reason to believe
that any such Governmental Authority is considering taking or would have reasonable grounds
to take such action; (F) has, or has had on its behalf, filed, declared, obtained, maintained
or submitted all reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, renewals, records, claims,
submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any applicable laws or Authorizations
and to keep its Authorizations that are described or referred to in the Registration Statement,
the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package in good standing and that all such reports, documents,
forms, notices, applications, renewals, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments
were materially complete and correct on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented
by a subsequent submission); and (G) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated,
conducted or issued or caused to be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal
or replacement, safety alert, post-sale warning or other notice or action relating to the
alleged safety or efficacy of any product or any alleged product defect or violation and,
to the knowledge of the Corporation, there is no basis for any such notice or action.

(zz) Insurance. Each of the Corporation
and the Subsidiaries maintain insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as the entity
reasonably considers adequate for the conduct of its business and the value of its properties
and as is customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries, including,
but not limited to, in the case of the Corporation and the Subsidiaries, directors and officers
insurance coverage in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which
the Corporation and the Subsidiaries are engaged, all of which insurance is in full force
and effect. There are no material claims by the Corporation or any Subsidiary under any such
policy or instrument as to which any insurance company is denying liability or defending
under a reservation of rights clause. The Corporation has no reason to believe that it will
be unable to renew its existing insurance as and when such coverage expires or will be able
to obtain replacement insurance adequate for the conduct of the business and the value of
its properties at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

- 29 - 

(aaa) Owned Premises. All real property
owned by the Corporation or the Subsidiaries is 100% legally and beneficially owned by the
Corporation or a Subsidiary, and the Corporation or the applicable Subsidiary holds valid,
subsisting and enforceable title documents and such title documents permit the Corporation
and such Subsidiary to carry on the business thereon as currently conducted.

(bbb) Leased Premises. The Corporation
and its Subsidiaries have the exclusive right to occupy and use all real property that is
leased by the Corporation or a Subsidiary and each of the corresponding leases is valid,
subsisting and enforceable and in good standing and in full force and effect with such exceptions
as are not material to, and do not materially interfere with, the use made and proposed to
be made of such property and buildings by the Corporation and the Subsidiaries. The performance
of obligations pursuant to and in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, and the completion
of the transactions described herein by the Corporation, will not afford any of the parties
to such leases or any other person the right to terminate such lease or result in any additional
or more onerous obligations under such leases. Except for such matters as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect, neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary
is in default or breach of any real property lease, and neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary
has received any notice or other communication from the owner or manager of any real property
leased by the Corporation or any Subsidiary that the Corporation or such Subsidiary is not
in compliance with any real property lease, and to the knowledge of the Corporation, no such
notice or other communication is pending or has been threatened.

(ccc) PFIC. The Corporation was not
classified as a passive foreign investment company (a PFIC)
for United States federal income tax purposes within the meaning of Section 1297 of
the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code),
for its most recently-completed taxable year.

- 30 - 

(ddd) Intellectual Property. (i) Each
of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries owns all rights in or has obtained valid and enforceable
licences or other rights to use, the systems, recipes, know how (including trade secrets
and other proprietary or confidential information), trade-marks (both registered and unregistered),
trade names, patents, patent applications, inventions, copyrights and any other intellectual
property (collectively, Intellectual Property) described in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package as being owned or licensed by the
Corporation or which are used or necessary for the conduct of the Corporations business
as currently carried on and presently proposed to be carried on, free and clear of any Lien,
except such as are described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure
Package or such as do not (individually or in the aggregate) materially affect the value
of such Intellectual Property or materially interfere with the use made or proposed to be
made of such Intellectual Property by the Corporation and the Subsidiaries, or other adverse
claim or interest of any kind or nature affecting the assets of the Corporation; (ii) to
the knowledge of the Corporation, except where any infringement would not, individually or
in the aggregate, have any Material Adverse Effect, there is no infringement, violation or
misappropriation by third parties of any Intellectual Property owned, licensed or commercialized
by the Corporation; (iii) there is no action, suit, proceeding, claim, or allegation
pending or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, threatened by others challenging the Corporations
rights in or to any Intellectual Property or the validity or scope of any Intellectual Property
owned, licensed or commercialized by the Corporation or its Subsidiaries, or alleging that
the Corporation or its Subsidiaries have infringed, violated or misappropriated Intellectual
Property rights of a third party, and the Corporation is unaware of any other fact which
could form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding, claim or allegation,
in each case, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have any Material Adverse
Effect; and (iv) to the Corporations knowledge, all trade secrets and other confidential
proprietary information forming part of or in relation to the Intellectual Property being
owned or licensed by the Corporation or any Subsidiary is and remains confidential to the
Corporation or such Subsidiary, as the case may be.

(eee) IT Systems. The Corporations,
its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entitys
information technology assets and equipment, computers, systems, networks, hardware, software,
websites, applications, and databases (collectively, IT Systems) are
adequate for, and operate and perform in all material respects as required in connection
with, the operation of the business of the Corporation, the Subsidiaries and the Related
Entity as currently conducted, to the knowledge of the Corporation, are free and clear of
all material bugs, errors, defects, Trojan horses, time bombs, malware and other corruptants
and the Corporation, its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related
Entity have valid, enforceable and sufficient rights to use all such IT systems. The Corporation,
its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity maintain commercially
reasonable controls, policies, procedures, and safeguards to maintain and protect their material
confidential information and the integrity, continuous operation, redundancy and security
of all IT Systems and all personal, personally identifiable, sensitive, confidential or regulated
data (Personal Data) processed and stored thereon, and there have been
no breaches, incidents, violations, outages, compromises or unauthorized uses of or accesses
to same, except for those that have been remedied without material cost or liability or the
duty to notify any other person or Governmental Authority, nor any incidents under internal
review or investigations relating to the same. The Corporation, its Subsidiaries and, to
the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity are presently in compliance with all
applicable laws or statutes and all applicable judgments, orders, rules and regulations
of any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority, applicable industry standards,
internal policies and contractual obligations relating to the privacy and security of IT
Systems and Personal Data and to the protection of such IT Systems and Personal Data from
unauthorized use, access, misappropriation or modification (Privacy Requirements),
except for any such noncompliance that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There is
no action, suit, proceeding, claim, or allegation pending or, to the knowledge of the Corporation,
threatened by any third party with respect to any actual or alleged breach of Personal Data,
unauthorized processing, or other misuse of any Personal Data or with respect to any violation
of any applicable Privacy Requirement, and the Corporation is unaware of any other fact which
could form a reasonable basis for any such action, suit, proceeding, claim or allegation.

- 31 - 

(fff) Properties and Leases. Except
as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package,
(i) each of the Corporation, the Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Corporation,
the Related Entity owns or leases all such properties as are necessary to the conduct of
its business as presently operated as described in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses
and the Disclosure Package; (ii) each of the Corporation, the Subsidiaries and, to the
knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity has good and marketable title in fee simple
to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title to all personal property
owned by them, in each case free and clear of any and all Liens except such as are described
in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package or such as do
not (individually or in the aggregate) materially affect the value of such property or materially
interfere with the use made or proposed to be made of such property by the Corporation, the
Subsidiaries and the Related Entity; and (iii) neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary
has received any notice or other communication of any claim adverse to its ownership of any
real or personal property or of any claim against the continued possession of any real property,
whether owned or held under lease or sublease by the Corporation, any Subsidiary or the Related
Entity, except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Except for the sale of inventory
in the ordinary course of business and as disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses
and the Disclosure Package, no person has any contract or any right or privilege capable
of becoming a right to purchase any property from the Corporation or any Subsidiary.

(ggg) Facilities. The Corporations,
the Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entitys
and the Investment Entities facilities and product research and development activities
are and have been in compliance in all respects with applicable good practices, processes,
standards and procedures as required by Health Canada and any other Governmental Authority,
except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.

- 32 - 

(hhh) Environmental Laws. There has
been no storage, generation, transportation, handling, use, treatment, disposal, discharge,
emission, contamination, release or other activity involving any kind of hazardous, toxic
or other wastes, pollutants, contaminants, petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic
substances, chemicals or materials (Hazardous Substances) by, due to,
on behalf of, or caused by the Corporation, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Corporation,
the Related Entity (or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, any other entity for whose acts
or omissions the Corporation is or may be liable) upon any property now or previously owned,
operated, used or leased by the Corporation, any Subsidiary or the Related Entity, or upon
any other property, which would be a violation of or give rise to any liability under any
applicable law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, decree or permit, common law provision
or other legally binding standard relating to pollution or protection of human health and
the environment (Environmental Law), except for violations and liabilities
which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect. There
has been no disposal, discharge, emission contamination or other release of any kind at,
onto or from any such property or into the environment surrounding any such property of any
Hazardous Substances with respect to which the Corporation, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge
of the Corporation, the Related Entity, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate,
have a Material Adverse Effect. There is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Corporation,
threatened administrative, regulatory or judicial action, claim or notice of noncompliance
or violation, investigation or proceedings relating to any Environmental Law against the
Corporation, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity,
except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. No
property of the Corporation, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the
Related Entity is subject to any Lien under any Environmental Law. Except as disclosed in
the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, neither the Corporation
nor any Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Corporation, the Related Entity is subject
to any order, decree, agreement or other individualized legal requirement related to any
Environmental Law, which, in any case (individually or in the aggregate), would have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Corporation, its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Corporation,
the Related Entity have all permits, authorizations and approvals required under all applicable
Environmental Laws and are each in compliance with their requirements.

(iii) Changes in Law. To the knowledge
of the Corporation, there is no pending or contemplated change to any law, regulation or
position of a Governmental Authority that would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(jjj) Corporate Records. The minute
books and corporate records of the Corporation and its Material Subsidiaries are true, complete,
and correct in all material respects.

(kkk) Foreign Private Issuer Status.
The Corporation is not, and upon completion of the transactions contemplated herein, and
assuming the anticipated use of the Net Proceeds thereof as described in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, will not be, a foreign private
issuer within the meaning of Rule 3b-4 under the Exchange Act.

- 33 - 

(lll) Forward-Looking Information and Third-Party
Data. The Corporation has a reasonable basis for disclosing all forward-looking information
(as defined in NI 51-102) or forward-looking information (within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act) contained in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package. The statistical, industry-related
and market-related data included in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the
Disclosure Package are based on or derived from sources which the Corporation reasonably
and in good faith believes are reliable and accurate, and such data agree with the sources
from which they are derived. The Corporation has obtained the consent to the use of such
data or information from such sources to the extent required.

(mmm) Incentive Plans. Each stock option
granted under the Corporations stock option plan or other security based compensation
plan of the Corporation (each, a Stock Plan) was granted with an exercise
price no less than the fair market value per Share on the grant date of such option, determined
in accordance with the rules of the TSX, and no such grant involved any back-dating,
forward-dating or similar practice with respect to the effective date of such
grant; each such option (i) was granted in compliance with applicable law and with the
applicable Stock Plan(s), (ii) was duly approved by the board of directors (or a duly
authorized committee thereof) of the Corporation and (iii) has been or will be properly
accounted for in the Corporations financial statements and has been or will be disclosed,
to the extent required, in the Corporations filings or submissions with the SEC and
the Canadian Qualifying Authorities.

(nnn) Security Clearance. Except as
disclosed in the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package or for
security clearances which have been applied for and are in process with Health Canada, each
director, executive officer, and other personnel of the Corporation or the Subsidiaries that
is required to hold a security clearance under the Cannabis Act and related regulations holds
such security clearance and to the knowledge of the Corporation, there are no circumstances
that would affect or prevent them from obtaining, or which would lead to the suspension,
revocation or cancellation of, such security clearances.

(ooo) XBRL. The interactive data in
eXtensible Business Reporting Language included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
Statement fairly presents the information called for in all material respects and has been
prepared in accordance with the SECs rules and guidelines applicable thereto.

(ppp) No Reliance. The Corporation
has not relied upon the Agents or legal counsel for the Agents for any legal, tax or accounting
advice in connection with the offering and sale of the Placement Shares.

(qqq) Continuous Offering Agreements.
Except for this Agreement, the Corporation is not party to any other equity distribution
or sales agency agreement or other similar arrangement with any other agent or any other
representative in respect of any at the market offering or other continuous
equity offering transaction.

- 34 - 

(rrr) Corporation Certificates. Any
certificate signed by a director or an officer of the Corporation and delivered to an Agent
or to counsel for such Agent pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed
to be a representation and warranty by the Corporation to such Agent as to the matters set
forth therein.

(sss) Canadian Shelf Procedures. The
Corporation will, following the execution of this Agreement, promptly issue and file a news
release that (i) states that the Corporation has entered into this Agreement and has
filed or will file the Prospectus Supplements, and (ii) specifies where and how a purchaser
of Placement Shares hereunder may obtain a copy of this Agreement and the Prospectuses.

The Corporation acknowledges that each
Agent and, for purposes of opinions that may be delivered by them, counsel to the Corporation and to the Agents, will rely upon the accuracy
and truthfulness of the foregoing representations and hereby consents to such reliance.

8. Covenants of the Corporation

The Corporation covenants
and agrees with the Agents that:

(a) Prospectus and Registration Statement
Amendments. After the date of this Agreement and until the latest of the completion of
the sales of all of the Placement Shares contemplated hereunder, the end of the Prospectus
Delivery Period or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions
contained herein, (i) the Corporation will notify the Agents promptly of the time when
any amendment or replacement to the Canadian Base Prospectus or the Registration Statement
has been filed, as applicable, with any Canadian Qualifying Authority or the SEC and has
become effective or where a receipt has been issued therefor, as applicable, or any subsequent
supplement or replacement to the U.S. Prospectus or the Canadian Prospectus has been filed
(each, an Amendment Date) and of any request by the SEC or any Canadian
Qualifying Authority for any amendment, supplement or replacement to the Registration Statement
or the Prospectuses or for additional information; (ii) the Corporation will file promptly
all other material required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to Rule 433(d) of
the Securities Act and with the Canadian Qualifying Authorities in connection with the Offering;
(iii) the Corporation will submit to the Agents a copy of any amendment, supplement
or replacement to the Registration Statement or the Prospectuses (other than a copy of any
documents incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement or the Prospectuses)
within a reasonable period of time before the filing thereof and will afford the Agents and
the Agents counsel a reasonable opportunity to comment on any such proposed filing
and to perform any due diligence investigations as may reasonably be required prior to such
proposed filing; and (iv) the Corporation will furnish to the Agents at the time of
filing thereof a copy of any document that upon filing is deemed to be incorporated by reference
in the Registration Statement or the Prospectuses (provided that the Corporation shall not
be required to deliver documents or information incorporated by reference into the Registration
Statement or the Prospectuses if such documents are accessible from SEDAR+ or EDGAR) and
the Corporation will cause (A) each amendment or supplement to the U.S. Prospectus to
be filed with the SEC within the time period prescribed by the Securities Act and the Rules and
Regulations or, in the case of any document to be incorporated therein by reference, to be
filed with the SEC as required pursuant to the Exchange Act, within the time period prescribed
and (B) each amendment, supplement or replacement to the Canadian Prospectus to be filed
with the Canadian Qualifying Authorities as required pursuant to the Canadian Shelf Procedures
or, in the case of any document to be incorporated therein by reference, to be filed with
the Canadian Qualifying Authorities as required pursuant to Canadian Securities Laws, within
the time period prescribed.

- 35 - 

(b) Notice of Cease Trade or Stop Orders.
After the date of this Agreement and until the latest of the completion of the sales of all
of the Placement Shares contemplated hereunder, the end of the Prospectus Delivery Period
or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions contained
herein, the Corporation will advise the Agents, promptly after it receives notice thereof,
of the issuance by the SEC or the Canadian Qualifying Authorities of any stop order, cease
trade order or of any order preventing or suspending the use of the Prospectuses or other
prospectus in respect of the Shares, of any notice of objection of the SEC to the use of
the form of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, of the suspension
of the qualification of the Shares for offering or sale in the United States or the Canadian
Qualifying Jurisdictions, of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for any such
purpose, or of any request by the SEC or the Canadian Qualifying Authorities for the amending
or supplementing of the Registration Statement or the Prospectuses or for additional information
relating to the Shares. If there is a Placement Notice that has been issued by the Corporation
that has not been suspended or terminated in accordance with Section 4 or Section 13
of this Agreement, the Corporation will use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent
the issuance of any stop order, cease trade order or any order preventing or suspending the
use of the Prospectuses or other prospectus in respect of the Shares, a notice of objection
of the SEC to the form of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto,
the suspension of any qualification for offering or sale in the United States or the Canadian
Qualifying Jurisdictions, and, in the event of the issuance of any such stop order, cease
trade order or any such order preventing or suspending the use of any prospectus relating
to the Shares or suspending any such qualification, the Corporation will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain the lifting or withdrawal of such order as soon as possible.
If there is no such outstanding Placement Notice, then, if, in the Corporations determination
and at the Corporations sole discretion, it is necessary to prevent the issuance of
any stop order or cease trade order or have a stop order or cease trade order lifted, the
Corporation will use its commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop
order, cease trade order or any order preventing or suspending the use of the Prospectuses
or other prospectus in respect of the Shares, a notice of objection of the SEC to the form
of the Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto, the suspension of
any qualification for offering or sale in the United States or the Canadian Qualifying Jurisdictions,
and, in the event of the issuance of any such stop order, cease trade order or any such order
preventing or suspending the use of any prospectus relating to the Shares or suspending any
such qualification, the Corporation will use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
the lifting or withdrawal of such order as soon as possible.

- 36 - 

(c) Delivery of Prospectus; Subsequent
Changes. After the date of this Agreement and until the latest of the completion of the
sales of all of the Placement Shares contemplated hereunder or the termination of this Agreement
in accordance with the terms and conditions contained herein, within the time during which
a prospectus relating to the Shares is required to be delivered by the Agents under the Securities
Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172
or Rule 173(a) under the Securities Act) or Canadian Securities Laws, the Corporation
will comply in all material respects with such applicable requirements imposed upon it by
the Securities Act and by Canadian Securities Laws, as appropriate and as from time to time
in force, and will file or furnish on or before their respective due dates all reports required
to be filed or furnished by it with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act, if applicable, or any other provision of or under the Exchange Act or with
the Canadian Qualifying Authorities pursuant to Canadian Securities Laws, as appropriate.
If during such period any event occurs as a result of which the Prospectuses as then amended
or supplemented would include an untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances then existing,
not misleading, or if during such period it is necessary to amend or supplement the Registration
Statement or the Prospectuses to comply with the Securities Act or Canadian Securities Laws,
the Corporation will immediately notify the Agents to suspend the offering of Placement Shares
during such period and, if, in the Corporations determination and at the Corporations
sole discretion, it is necessary to file an amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement
or the Prospectuses to comply with the Securities Act, the Rules and Regulations or
Canadian Securities Laws, the Corporation will promptly prepare and, after complying with
Section 8(a)(iii) hereof, file with the Canadian Qualifying Authorities and the
SEC such amendment or supplement as may be necessary to correct such statement or omission
or to make the Registration Statement or the Prospectuses comply with such requirements,
and the Corporation will furnish to the Agents such number of copies of such amendment or
supplement as the Agents may reasonably request. The Corporation shall in good faith discuss
with the Agents any change in a fact or circumstance (actual, proposed or prospective) which
is of such a nature that there is reasonable doubt whether notice need be given to the Agents
pursuant to this Section 8(c).

(d) Delivery of Registration Statement
and Prospectuses. After the date of this Agreement and until the latest of the completion
of the sales of all of the Placement Shares contemplated hereunder, the end of the Prospectus
Delivery Period or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions
contained herein, the Corporation will furnish to the Agents and their counsel (at the expense
of the Corporation) copies of the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses (including all
documents incorporated by reference therein) and all amendments and supplements to the Registration
Statement or the Prospectuses that are filed with the SEC or Canadian Qualifying Authorities
during the period in which a prospectus relating to the Shares is required to be delivered
under the Securities Act (including all documents filed with the SEC during such period that
are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein) or the Canadian Qualifying Authorities
(including all documents filed with the Canadian Qualifying Authorities during such period
that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein), in each case as soon as reasonably
practicable and in such quantities as the Agents may from time to time reasonably request;
provided, however, the Corporation shall not be required to furnish any documents to the
Agents that are available on SEDAR+ or EDGAR.

- 37 - 

(e) Corporation Information. After
the date of this Agreement and until the latest of the completion of the sales of all of
the Placement Shares contemplated hereunder, the end of the Prospectus Delivery Period or
the termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions contained herein,
the Corporation will furnish to the Agents such information in its possession as is reasonably
requested by the Agents as necessary or appropriate to fulfil their obligations as agent
pursuant to this Agreement, the Securities Act and Canadian Securities Laws.

(f) Earnings Statement. The Corporation
will make generally available to its shareholders as soon as practicable, but in any event,
not later than 15 months after the end of the Corporations current fiscal quarter,
an earnings statement covering a 12-month period that satisfies the provisions of Section 11(a) of
the Securities Act and Rule 158 under the Securities Act.

(g) Material Non-public Information.
Subject to such further limitations on offers and sales of Placement Shares or delivery of
instructions to offer and sell Placement Shares as are set forth herein and as may be mutually
agreed upon by the Corporation and the Agents, the Corporation shall not request the sale
of any Placement Shares that would be sold, and no Agent shall be obligated to sell, (i) any
time during the period commencing on the tenth Business Day prior to the time the Corporation
shall issue a press release and/or file a Current Report on Form 8-K containing, or
shall otherwise publicly announce, its earnings, revenues or other results of operations
(each, an Earnings Announcement) through and including the time that
is 24 hours after the time that the Corporation files a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
or an Annual Report on Form 10-K that includes consolidated financial statements as
of and for the same period or periods, as the case may be, covered by such Earnings Announcement,
or (ii) during any other period in which the Corporation is in possession of material
non-public information regarding the Corporation and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
or the Shares.

(h) Expenses. The Corporation, whether
or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this Agreement is terminated
in accordance with Section 13, will pay all expenses relating to the following matters:
(i) the preparation and filing of the Registration Statement and each amendment or supplement
thereto, each of the Prospectuses and each amendment and supplement thereto and each Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus, (ii) the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Placement
Shares, (iii) all fees and disbursements of the Corporations counsel, accountants
and other advisors, (iv) reimbursement for the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements
and expenses of counsel to the Agents in connection with this Agreement, the Registration
Statement and the Prospectuses and the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and
expenses of counsel to the Agents for their ongoing services in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereunder, up to a maximum of US$200,000 plus applicable taxes, (v) the
qualification of the Placement Shares under securities law, including filing fees in connection
therewith, (vi) the printing and delivery to the Agents of copies of the Prospectuses
and any amendments or supplements thereto, and of this Agreement, (vii) the fees and
expenses incurred in connection with the listing or qualification of the Placement Shares
for trading on the TSX and Nasdaq, and (viii) the filing fees and expenses related to
the SEC, the Canadian Qualifying Authorities and FINRA. All fees and expenses are to be paid
in the currency in which such fees and expenses were incurred.

- 38 - 

(i) Use of Proceeds. The Corporation
will use the Net Proceeds as described in the Prospectuses. The Corporation will not use
the Net Proceeds in any manner that may violate Federal Cannabis Laws.

(j) Change of Circumstances. During
the term of this Agreement, the Corporation will, at any time during a fiscal quarter in
which the Corporation has or intends to deliver a Placement Notice to the Agents to sell
Placement Shares, advise the Agents promptly after it has received notice or obtained knowledge
thereof, of any information or fact that would alter or affect in any material respect any
applicable opinion, certificate, letter or other document provided or to be provided to the
Agents pursuant to this Agreement.

(k) Due Diligence Cooperation. After
the date of this Agreement and until the completion of the latest of the sales of all of
the Placement Shares contemplated hereunder or the termination of this Agreement in accordance
with the terms and conditions contained herein, the Corporation will cooperate with any due
diligence review conducted by the Agents or their agents during periods in which the Offering
is being utilized, including, without limitation, providing information and making available
documents and senior corporate officers, as the Agents or their counsel may reasonably request;
provided, however, that the Corporation shall be required to make available senior corporate
officers only (i) by telephone or at the Corporations principal offices and (ii) during
the Corporations ordinary business hours.

(l) Affirmation of Representations, Warranties,
Covenants and Other Agreements. Upon commencement of the offering of the Placement Shares
under this Agreement (and upon the recommencement of the offering of the Placement Shares
under this Agreement following any suspension of sales under Section 4), and at each
Applicable Time, each Settlement Date and each Amendment Date, as applicable, the Corporation
shall be deemed to have affirmed each representation and warranty contained in this Agreement.

- 39 - 

(m) Required Filings Relating to Placement
of Placement Shares. In each quarterly report (including on Form 10-Q), managements
discussion and analysis, annual information form or annual financial statements/annual report
on Form 10-K filed by the Corporation in respect of any period in which sales of Placement
Shares were made by the Agents under this Agreement, the Corporation shall set forth with
regard to such period (i) the number and average price of Placement Shares sold through
the Agents under this Agreement, (ii) the aggregate gross and Net Proceeds received
by the Corporation and (iii) the aggregate compensation paid or payable by the Corporation
to the Agents with respect to sales of Placement Shares pursuant to this Agreement during
such annual or quarterly period, as applicable. For so long as the Shares are listed on the
TSX, the Corporation will provide the TSX with all information it requires with respect to
the Offering within the timelines prescribed by the TSX.

(n) Representation Dates; Certificate.
As of the date of this Agreement and each time, during the term of this Agreement, that the
Corporation (i) files the Prospectuses or a U.S. Prospectus relating to the Placement
Shares or amends or supplements the Registration Statement or the Prospectuses relating to
the Placement Shares by means of a post-effective amendment or supplement but not by means
of incorporation of document(s) into the Registration Statement or the Prospectuses
relating to the Placement Shares by reference; (ii) files or amends an annual report
on Form 10-K; (iii) files, furnishes or amends interim financial statements on
Form 8-K or Form 10-Q; or (iv) at any other time reasonably requested by the
Agents (each date of filing of one or more of the documents referred to in clauses (i) through
(iii) and any time of request pursuant to (iv) above shall be a Representation
Date), the Corporation shall furnish the Agents with a certificate, in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A within three (3) Trading Days of any Representation
Date. The requirement to provide a certificate under this Section 8(n) shall be
waived for any Representation Date occurring at a time at which no Placement Notice is pending,
which waiver shall continue until the earlier to occur of the date the Corporation delivers
a Placement Notice hereunder (which for such calendar quarter shall be considered a Representation
Date) and the next occurring Representation Date; provided, however, that such waiver shall
not apply for any Representation Date on which the Corporation files its annual report on
Form 10-K. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Corporation subsequently decides to
sell Placement Shares following a Representation Date when the Corporation relied on such
waiver and did not provide the Agents with a certificate under this Section 8(n), then
before the Corporation delivers the Placement Notice or the Agents sell any Placement Shares,
the Corporation shall provide the Agents with a certificate, in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A, dated the date of the Placement Notice.

- 40 - 

(o) Legal Opinions. Upon execution
of this Agreement and (x) within three (3) Trading Days of each Representation
Date with respect to which the Corporation is obligated to deliver a certificate in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A for which no waiver is applicable and (y) concurrently
with the delivery of a certificate pursuant to the last sentence of Section 8(n), the
Corporation will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Agents and to counsel to the Agents,
(i) the written opinion of Cassels Brock & Blackwell LLP (Toronto, Ontario),
and other local counsel as required, such opinions to be substantially similar to the form
attached hereto as Exhibit B, and (ii) the written opinion and negative assurance
letter of Paul Hastings LLP (New York, New York), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to the Agents, each dated the date that the opinion or letter, as applicable, is required
to be delivered, or, in lieu of such opinions or letter, as applicable, counsel last furnishing
such opinion or letter, as applicable to the Agents may furnish the Agents with a letter
to the effect that the Agents may rely on such last opinion or letter, as applicable, to
the same extent as though it was dated the date of such letter authorizing reliance (except
that statements in such last opinion or letter, as applicable, shall be deemed to relate
to the Registration Statement and the Prospectuses as amended and supplemented to the time
of delivery of such letter authorizing reliance).

(p) Auditor Comfort Letters. Upon execution
of this Agreement and (x) within three (3) Trading Days of each Representation
Date with respect to which the Corporation is obligated to deliver a certificate in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit A for which no waiver is applicable and (y) concurrently
with the delivery of a certificate pursuant to the last sentence of Section 8(n), the
Corporation shall cause each of PKF OConnor Davies, LLP and KPMG LLP, the Corporations
current and former auditors, respectively, to furnish to the Agents a letter (each, an Auditor
Comfort Letter) addressed to the Agents dated the date such Auditor Comfort Letter
is delivered, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents, acting reasonably, (A) relating
to the verification of certain of the financial information and statistical and accounting
data relating to the Corporation and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, contained in the Registration
Statement and the Prospectuses or the documents incorporated by reference therein, which
Auditor Comfort Letters shall be based on a review having a cut-off date not more than two
Business Days prior to the date of such letter, (B) stating that such auditors were
at the time of their report independent public accountants within the meaning of the Securities
Act, the Rules and Regulations, and Canadian Securities Laws and the rules and
regulations thereunder, and that in their opinion the portion of the audited financial statements
of the Corporation incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement and the Prospectuses
and audited by such auditors comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable
accounting requirements of the Securities Act and Canadian Securities Laws and the related
regulations adopted by the SEC and the Canadian Qualifying Authorities (the first such letter
in each case, the Initial Auditor Comfort Letter) and (C) if applicable,
updating the Initial Auditor Comfort Letter with any information which would have been included
in the Initial Auditor Comfort Letter had it been given on such date and modified as necessary
to relate to the Registration Statement and the Prospectuses, as amended and supplemented
to the date of such letter.

- 41 - 

(q) Chief Financial Officer Certificate.
Upon execution of this Agreement and (i) within three (3) Trading Days of each
Representation Date with respect to which the Corporation is obligated to deliver a certificate
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A for which no waiver is applicable, and (ii) concurrently
with the delivery of a certificate pursuant to the last sentence of Section 8(n), the
Corporation will furnish the Agents a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation
in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C with respect to certain financial information
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectuses, as amended and supplemented to the date
of such certificate (the CFO Certificate).

(r) Market Activities. During the term
of this Agreement, the Corporation will not, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action
designed to or that would constitute, under Canadian Securities Laws or the Exchange Act
or otherwise, stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Corporation
to facilitate the sale or resale of the Placement Shares or (ii) bid for, or purchase
the Placement Shares, or pay anyone any compensation for soliciting purchases of the Placement
Shares other than the Agents.

(s) Investment Company Act. During
the term of this Agreement, the Corporation will conduct its affairs in such a manner so
as to reasonably ensure that, prior to the termination of this Agreement, it will not be
or become an investment company as defined in the United States Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(t) No Offer to Sell. Other than a
free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405) approved in advance by the Corporation
and the Agents in each of their capacities as principal or agent hereunder, neither the Agents
nor the Corporation (including its agents and representatives, other than the Agents in each
of their capacities as such) will make, use, prepare, authorize, approve or refer to any
written communication (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act), required to
be filed by it with the SEC, that constitutes an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer
to buy Placement Shares hereunder.

(u) Consent to the Agents Trading.
To the extent permitted under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, Canadian Securities Laws,
the rules of the TSX and Nasdaq and under this Agreement, the Corporation consents to
the Agents trading in the Shares of the Corporation: (i) for the account of their other
clients at the same time as sales of Placement Shares occur pursuant to this Agreement; and
(ii) for the Agents own accounts, provided that no such purchase or sale shall
take place by an Agent while such Agent has received a Placement Notice that remains in effect,
unless the Corporation has expressly authorized or consented in writing to any such trades
by such Agent except that such Agent may engage in trading that is permitted by 619
of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Volcker Rule).

(v) Actively-Traded Security. After
the date of this Agreement and until the completion of the sales of all of the Placement
Shares contemplated hereunder or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with the
terms and conditions contained herein, the Corporation shall notify the Agents immediately
by an email addressed to each of the respective individuals from each of the Agents set forth
on Schedule 1 hereto if the Shares cease to qualify as an actively-traded security
exempted from the requirements of Rule 101 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act by
subsection (c)(1) of such rule and the sales shall be suspended until that
or other exemptive provisions have been satisfied in the judgment of each party.

- 42 - 

(w) Corporation Activities. After the
date of this Agreement and until the latest of the completion of all of the sales of the
Placement Shares contemplated hereunder, the end of the Prospectus Delivery Period or the
termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions contained herein:
(i) neither the Corporation nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any director, officer, employee,
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Corporation or any Subsidiary will cultivate,
produce, process, import, sell or distribute any cannabis or cannabinoid product or otherwise
engage in any direct or indirect dealings or transactions, in each case, involving the purchase
or sale of cannabis or cannabinoid product by the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries
in or to the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any state of the
United States or the District of Columbia or any other jurisdiction unless such activity
is in compliance with all federal, state and provincial or territorial laws applicable to
such activity; and (ii) the Corporation will conduct its business and affairs in compliance
with the terms and conditions of the Canopy USA Structure and in such a manner so as to reasonably
ensure that the Corporation and the Subsidiaries will remain in compliance with Federal Cannabis
Laws. The Corporation will notify the Agents promptly if the Corporation, any Subsidiary
or any director, officer, employee, agent or other person acting on behalf of the Corporation
or any Subsidiary has received notice of any investigation or proceedings related to the
matters set forth in this Section 8(w).

(x) Investment Entities Activities.
After the date of this Agreement and until the latest of the completion of the sales of all
of the Placement Shares contemplated hereunder, the end of the Prospectus Delivery Period
or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions contained
herein, the Corporation will take all necessary actions to maintain compliance with the applicable
TSX and Nasdaq policies, rules and regulations with respect to the cannabis sector and
the Investment Entities, including, without limitation, conducting the business and affairs
of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
Canopy USA Structure. The Corporation will notify the Agents promptly if it has received
notice of any investigation or proceedings related to the matters set forth in this Section 8(x).
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 8(x), the Corporation
shall have no obligation to the Agents under the terms of this Agreement to sell, transfer
or dispose of the Corporations non-participating, non-voting interests in the Investment
Entities.

- 43 - 

(y) Notice of Other Sales. During the
pendency of any Placement Notice given hereunder, the Corporation shall provide the Agents
notice as promptly as reasonably possible before it offers to sell, contracts to sell, sells,
grants any option to sell or otherwise disposes of any Shares (other than Placement Shares
offered pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement) or securities convertible or exercisable
into or exchangeable for Shares; provided, that such notice shall not be required in connection
with the (i) issuance, grant or sale of Shares, options or other rights to purchase
or otherwise acquire Shares, or Shares issuable upon the exercise of options or other equity
awards, in each case granted pursuant to any stock option, stock bonus or other stock or
compensatory plan or arrangement, whether now in effect or hereafter implemented, (ii) issuance
of securities in connection with an acquisition, merger or sale or purchase of assets which
either (a) is disclosed in filings by the Corporation available on SEDAR+ or EDGAR or
otherwise in writing to the Agents; or (b) involves an immaterial amount of Shares being
issued, (iii) issuance or sale of Shares upon conversion of securities or the exercise
of warrants, options or other rights then in effect or outstanding which either (a) is
disclosed in filings by the Corporation available on SEDAR+ or EDGAR or otherwise in writing
to the Agents; or (b) involves an immaterial amount of Shares being issued, or (iv) issuance
or sale of Shares pursuant to any dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan that the
Corporation has in effect or may adopt from time to time, provided that the implementation
of such new plan is disclosed to the Agents in advance. If the Corporation notifies the Agents
under this Section 8(y) of a proposed sale of Shares or Share equivalents, the
Agents may suspend any offers and sales of Shares under this Agreement for a period of time
deemed appropriate by the Agents.

(z) Insurance. During the term of this
Agreement, each of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries shall maintain, or cause to be maintained,
insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as such entity reasonably considers adequate
for the conduct of its business and the value of its properties and as is customary for companies
engaged in similar businesses in similar industries.

(aa) Compliance with Laws. During the
term of this Agreement, the Corporation and each of the Subsidiaries shall maintain, or cause
to be maintained, all material permits, licences and other authorizations required by federal,
provincial, territorial, state and local law in order to conduct their businesses as described
in the Registration Statement and the Prospectuses, and the Corporation and each of the Subsidiaries
shall conduct their businesses, or cause their businesses to be conducted, in compliance
with such permits, licences and authorizations and with applicable laws, except where the
failure to maintain or be in compliance with such permits, licences and authorizations could
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(bb) Securities Act and Exchange Act.
During the term of this Agreement, the Corporation will use its commercially reasonable efforts
to comply with all requirements imposed upon it by Canadian Securities Laws, the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act, the Rules and Regulations, the TSX and Nasdaq as from time to
time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of, or dealings in,
the Placement Shares as contemplated by the provisions hereof and the Prospectuses.

- 44 - 

9. Additional Representations and Covenants of the Corporation

(a) Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses.

(i) The Corporation represents that it has not
made, and covenants that, unless it obtains the prior written consent of the Agents, it will
not make any offer relating to the Placement Shares that would constitute an Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus required to be filed by it with the SEC or retained by the Corporation
under Rule 433; except as set forth in a Placement Notice, no use of any Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus has been consented to by the Agents. The Corporation agrees that it will
comply with the requirements of Rules 164 and 433 under the Securities Act applicable
to any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, including not making use of any Issuer Free Writing
Prospectuses unless eligible to do so, and including the timely filing with the SEC or retention
where required and legending.

(ii) The Corporation agrees that no Issuer Free
Writing Prospectus, if any, will include any information that conflicts with the information
contained in the Registration Statement, including any document incorporated by reference
therein that has not been superseded or modified, or the Prospectuses. In addition, no Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus, if any, together with the Prospectuses, will include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however,
the foregoing shall not apply to any statements or omissions in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
made in reliance on information furnished in writing to the Corporation by the Agents expressly
stating that such information is intended for use therein, it being understood and agreed
that the only information furnished by any Agent consists of the information described as
such in Section 11(a) hereof.

(iii) The Corporation agrees that if at any
time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus any event occurred or occurs
as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus would conflict with the information
in the Registration Statement, including any document incorporated by reference therein that
has not been superseded or modified, or the Prospectuses or would include an untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the Corporation
will give prompt notice thereof to the Agents and, if requested by the Agents, will prepare
and furnish without charge to the Agents an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or other document
which will correct such conflict, statement or omission; provided, however, the foregoing
shall not apply to any statements or omissions in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus made
in reliance on information furnished in writing to the Corporation by the Agents expressly
stating that such information is intended for use therein, it being understood and agreed
that the only information furnished by any Agent consists of the information described as
such in Section 11(a) hereof.

- 45 - 

(b) Non-Issuer Free Writing Prospectus.
The Corporation consents to the use by the Agents, at any time that the Corporation is eligible
to do so, of a free writing prospectus that (a) is not an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus,
and (b) contains only information describing the terms of the Shares or the Offering,
or information permitted under Rule 134 under the Securities Act; provided that the
Agents covenant with the Corporation not to take any action that would result in the Corporation
being required to file with the SEC under Rule 433(d) a free writing prospectus
prepared by or on behalf of the Agents that otherwise would not be required to be filed by
the Corporation thereunder, but for the action of the Agents.

(c) Distribution of Offering Materials.
The Corporation and the Agents have not distributed and will not distribute, during the term
of this Agreement, any marketing materials (as defined in National Instrument
41-101 General Prospectus Requirements) in connection with the offering and
sale of the Placement Shares other than the Registration Statement, the Prospectuses, the
Disclosure Package or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by the
Agents and included in a Placement Notice (as described in clause (a)(i) above),
provided that the Agents covenant with the Corporation not to take any action that would
result in the Corporation being required to file with the Canadian Qualifying Authorities
any marketing materials that otherwise would not be required to be filed by
the Corporation, but for the action of the Agents.

10. Conditions to the Agents Obligations

The obligations of the Agents
hereunder with respect to a Placement will be subject to the continuing accuracy and completeness of the representations and warranties
made by the Corporation herein, to the due performance by the Corporation of its obligations hereunder, to the completion by the Agents
of a due diligence review satisfactory to the Agents in their reasonable judgment, and to the continuing satisfaction (or waiver by the
Agents in their sole discretion) of the following additional conditions:

(a) Canadian Prospectus Supplement.
The Canadian Prospectus Supplement shall have been filed with the Canadian Qualifying Authorities
under the Canadian Shelf Procedures and in accordance with this Agreement, all requests for
additional information on the part of the Canadian Qualifying Authorities shall have been
complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of the Agents and the Agents counsel.

(b) U.S. Prospectus; Registration Statement
Effective. The U.S. Prospectus, and any supplement thereto, required by Rule 424
to be filed with the SEC shall have been filed in the manner and within the time period required
by Rule 424(b) with respect to any sale of Placement Shares; any material required
to be filed by the Corporation pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act
shall have been filed with the SEC within the applicable time periods prescribed for such
filings by Rule 433. The Registration Statement shall remain effective and shall be
available for the sale of (i) all Placement Shares issued pursuant to all prior Placements
and not yet sold by the Agents and (ii) all Placement Shares contemplated to be issued
by the Placement Notice relating to such Placement.

- 46 - 

(c) No Material Notices; Other Events.
None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: (i) receipt by the
Corporation of any request for additional information from the SEC, the Canadian Qualifying
Authorities or any other federal or state or foreign or other governmental, administrative
or self-regulatory authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement
and the Prospectuses, the response to which would require any amendments or supplements to
the Registration Statement or the Prospectuses; (ii) the issuance by the SEC, the Canadian
Qualifying Authorities or any other federal or state or foreign or other Governmental Authority
of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the Prospectuses
or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose; (iii) receipt by the Corporation
of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from
qualification of any of the Placement Shares for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation
or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the occurrence of any event
that makes any statement made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectuses or any document
incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue in any material respect
or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration Statement, Prospectuses or
documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement, it will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and in the case of each Prospectus,
it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; (v) the Corporations
reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or
Prospectuses would be appropriate; (vi) any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or
other national or international calamity or crisis, including acts of terrorism, or material
adverse change or disruption in economic conditions in, or in the financial markets of, the
United States or Canada (it being understood that any such change or disruption shall be
relative to such conditions and markets as in effect on the date hereof), if the effect of
such outbreak, escalation, calamity, crisis, act or material adverse change in the economic
conditions in, or in the financial markets of, the United States or Canada could be reasonably
expected to make it, in the sole judgement of the Agents, impracticable or inadvisable to
proceed with the offering of the Placement Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated
in the Prospectuses or to enforce contracts for the sale of securities; or (vii) the
declaration of a banking moratorium by any Governmental Authority or the taking of any action
by any Governmental Authority after the date hereof in respect of its monetary or fiscal
affairs that could be reasonably expected to make it, in the sole judgement of the Agents,
impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering of the Placement Shares on the
terms and in the manner contemplated in the Prospectuses.

- 47 - 

(d) Material Changes. Except as contemplated
and appropriately disclosed in the Prospectuses, or disclosed in the Corporations
reports filed with the SEC and Canadian Qualifying Authorities, in each case at the time
the applicable Placement Notice is delivered, there shall not have been any material change,
on a consolidated basis, in the authorized share capital of the Corporation, or any development
that causes or could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect (financial
or otherwise), the effect of which, in the sole judgment of the Agents (without relieving
the Corporation of any obligation or liability it may otherwise have), acting reasonably,
is so material as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offering of
the Placement Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Prospectuses.

(e) Certificate. The Agents shall have
received the certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 8(n) on or
before the date on which delivery of such certificate is required pursuant to Section 8(n).

(f) Legal Opinions. The Agents shall
have received the opinions of counsel to be delivered pursuant to Section 8(o) on
or before the date on which such delivery of such opinions are required pursuant to Section 8(o).
In addition, on such dates that the opinions required by Section 8(o) are delivered,
the Agents shall have also received (i) the opinion and negative assurance letter of
Torys LLP, U.S. counsel to the Agents, with respect to the issuance and sale of the Placement
Shares in the United States, the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package, the U.S.
Prospectus and other related matters as the Agents may reasonably require, and (ii) the
opinion of Torys LLP, Canadian counsel for the Agents, with respect to the issuance and sale
of the Placement Shares in Ontario, the Canadian Prospectus and other related matters as
the Agents may reasonably require, it being understood that counsel for the Agents may rely
on the opinions of counsel for the Corporation and that counsel for the Agents and counsel
for the Corporation may rely upon the opinions of local counsel as to all matters not governed
by the laws of the respective jurisdictions in which they are qualified to practice, and
may rely, to the extent appropriate in the circumstances, as to matters of fact on certificates
of the Corporation, auditors and public officials, and that the opinions of counsel may be
subject to usual qualifications as to equitable remedies, creditors rights laws and
public policy considerations.

(g) Comfort Letters. The Agents shall
have received the Auditor Comfort Letter(s) required to be delivered pursuant to Section 8(p) on
or before the date on which the delivery of such letter is required pursuant to Section 8(p).

(h) Approval for Listing; No Suspension.
The Placement Shares shall have either been (i) approved for listing, subject to notice
of issuance, on Nasdaq and the TSX, or (ii) (1) the Corporation shall have filed
an application for listing of the Placement Shares on the TSX at or prior to the issuance
of the Placement Notice and (2) the Corporation shall have notified Nasdaq of the offering
of the Placement Shares and Nasdaq shall have raised no objections at or prior to the issuance
of the Placement Notice. Trading in the Shares shall not have been suspended or delisted
from either the TSX or Nasdaq.

- 48 - 

(i) CFO Certificate. The Agents shall
have received the CFO Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Section 8(q) on
or before the date on which such delivery of such certificate is required pursuant to Section 8(q).

(j) Other Materials. On each date on
which the Corporation is required to deliver a certificate pursuant to Section 8(n),
the Corporation shall have furnished to the Agents such appropriate further information,
certificates and documents as the Agents may reasonably request.

(k) FINRA. If a filing with FINRA is
required, FINRA shall not have objected to the fairness or reasonableness of the terms or
arrangements for the Agents compensation under this Agreement.

11. Indemnification and Contribution

(a) The Corporation agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless each Agent, and each of their respective officers, employees, and agents, and
each person, if any, who controls any Agent within the meaning of either Section 15
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (the Agent Indemnified
Parties), and each affiliate of any Agent within the meaning of Rule 405
under the Securities Act from and against any and all losses (other than loss of profits),
claims, damages and liabilities (including, without limitation, any documented legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred in connection with defending, settling and/or satisfying a judgement
in any such action or claim) caused by or based upon:

(i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or any amendment thereto, any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the U.S. Prospectus or any amendment thereto, the Canadian
Prospectus or any amendment thereto, or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state
therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, or any
misrepresentation within the meaning of Canadian Securities Laws contained therein, except
insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities are caused by any such untrue statement
or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission made in reliance upon and in conformity
with written information relating to any Agent furnished to the Corporation in writing by
such Agent expressly for use therein (it being understood and agreed that information in
the tenth and eleventh paragraphs under the heading Plan of Distribution in
the U.S. Prospectus Supplement and the corresponding paragraphs in the Canadian Prospectus
Supplement and the names of the Agents set forth on the cover constitutes the only information
furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Agents for inclusion in the Prospectuses or any
Issuer Free Writing Prospectus); and

- 49 - 

(ii) any order made or any inquiry, investigation
(whether formal or informal) or proceeding commenced or threatened by any securities, regulatory
or other competent authority based upon the circumstances described in subsection (i) above
(for greater certainty, excluding any order, inquiry, investigation or proceeding based solely
on the activities of the Agent), which operates to prevent or restrict the trading in or
the distribution of the Placement Shares or any of them in any of the provinces and territories
of Canada or in the United States,

except that if and to the extent that
a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment that has become non-appealable determines that the loss, claim, damage or liability
resulted from the gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct of the Agent Indemnified Party claiming indemnity, such Agent Indemnified
Party will promptly reimburse the Corporation any funds advanced to the Agent Indemnified Party in respect of such loss, claim, damage
or liability and the indemnity provided for in this Section 11(a) shall cease to apply to such Agent Indemnified Party in respect
of such loss, claim, damage or liability.

(b) Each Agent agrees to indemnify and hold
harmless the Corporation, its directors, its officers who sign the Registration Statement
and each person, if any, who controls the Corporation within the meaning of either Section 15
of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (the Corporation Indemnified
Parties) from and against any and all losses (other than loss of profits), claims,
damages and liabilities (including, without limitation, any legal or other expenses reasonably
incurred in connection with defending, settling and/or satisfying a judgment in any such
action or claim) caused by or based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or
any amendment thereto, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, the U.S. Prospectus or any amendment
thereto, the Canadian Prospectus or any amendment thereto, or caused by any omission or alleged
omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, or any misrepresentation within the meaning of Canadian Securities Laws contained
therein, but only with reference to the information relating to any Agent furnished to the
Corporation in writing by such Agent expressly for use therein (it being understood and agreed
that the only information furnished by any Agent consists of the information described as
such in Section 11(a) hereof).

- 50 - 

(c) In case any proceeding (including any
governmental investigation) shall be instituted involving an Agent Indemnified Party in respect
of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 11(a) or a Corporation Indemnified
Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 11(b), such person
(the Indemnified Party) shall promptly notify the person against whom
such indemnity may be sought (the Indemnifying Party) in writing and
the Indemnifying Party, upon request of the Indemnified Party, shall retain counsel reasonably
satisfactory to the Indemnified Party to represent the Indemnified Party and any others the
Indemnifying Party may designate in such proceeding and shall pay the reasonable and documented
fees and disbursements of such counsel related to such proceeding. In any such proceeding,
any Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses
of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party unless (1) the Indemnifying
Party and the Indemnified Party shall have mutually agreed to the retention of such counsel
or (2) the named parties to any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include
both the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party and representation of both parties
by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests
between them. It is understood that the Indemnifying Party shall not, in respect of the legal
expenses of any Indemnified Party in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings
in the same jurisdiction, be liable for (i) the fees and expenses of more than one separate
firm (in addition to any local counsel) for any Agent Indemnified Party and (ii) the
fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel) for the
Corporation Indemnified Parties. In the case of any such separate firm for the Canadian Agent
and such officers, employees and agents, and such control persons and affiliates of any Agent,
such firm shall be designated in writing by the Canadian Agent. In the case of any such separate
firm for the U.S. Agent and such officers, employees and agents, and such control persons
and affiliates of any Agent, such firm shall be designated in writing by the U.S. Agent.
In the case of any such separate firm for the Corporation Indemnified Parties, such firm
shall be designated in writing by the Corporation. The Indemnifying Party shall not be liable
for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled
with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Indemnifying Party
agrees to indemnify the Indemnified Party from and against any loss or liability by reason
of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an
Indemnified Party shall have requested the Indemnifying Party to reimburse the Indemnified
Party for reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by the second
and third sentences of this paragraph, the Indemnifying Party agrees that it shall be liable
for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such
settlement is entered into more than 60 days after receipt by the Indemnifying Party of the
aforesaid request and (ii) the Indemnifying Party shall not have reimbursed the Indemnified
Party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. The Indemnifying
Party shall not, without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, effect any settlement
of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Party is or could
have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Party,
unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from all
liability on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and does not include a
statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf
of any Indemnified Party.

- 51 - 

(d) To the extent the indemnification provided
for in Section 11(a) or Section 11(b) is unavailable to an Indemnified
Party or insufficient in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to
therein, then the Corporation or the Agents, as applicable, in lieu of indemnifying such
Indemnified Party thereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified
Party as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (1) in such proportion
as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Corporation or the Agents,
as applicable on the one hand and the Indemnified Party or parties on the other hand from
the distribution of the Placement Shares or (2) if the allocation provided in Section 11(d)(1) is
not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only
the relative benefits referred to in Section 11(d)(1) but also the relative fault
of the Corporation or the Agents, as applicable, on the one hand and of the Indemnified Party
or parties on the other hand in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted
in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations.
The relative benefits received by the Corporation on the one hand and the Agents on the other
hand in connection with the distribution of the Placement Shares shall be deemed to be in
the same respective proportions as the Net Proceeds from the distribution of the Placement
Shares received by the Corporation and the total Placement Fees received by the Agents. The
relative fault of the Corporation on the one hand and the Agents on the other hand shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to
information supplied by the Corporation or by the Agents and the parties relative
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement
or omission.

(e) The Corporation and the Agents agree that
it would not be just or equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 11 were determined
by pro rata allocation (even if the Agents were treated as one entity for such purpose) or
by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations
referred to in Section 11(d). The amount paid or payable by an Indemnified Party as
a result of the losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to in Section 11(d) shall
be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses
reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with defending, settling and/or
satisfying any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 11,
no Agent shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the Placement Fees or any
portion thereof actually received by such Agent. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to
contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The
remedies provided for in this Section 11 are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights
or remedies which may otherwise be available to any Indemnified Party at law or in equity.

(f) The indemnity and contribution provisions
contained in this Section 11 shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless
of (1) any termination of this Agreement, (2) any investigation made by or on behalf
of any Agent, and any of their respective officers, employees or agents, any person controlling
any Agent, or any affiliate of any Agent, or by or on behalf of the Corporation, its officers
or directors or any person controlling the Corporation and (3) acceptance of and payment
for any of the Placement Shares.

- 52 - 

(g) The Indemnifying Party hereby acknowledges
and agrees that, with respect to this Section 11, the Agents are contracting on their
own behalf and as agents for their affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents
and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents (collectively,
the Beneficiaries). In this regard, each of the Agents will act as trustee
for the Beneficiaries of the covenants of the Indemnifying Party under this Section 11
with respect to the Beneficiaries and accepts these trusts and will hold and enforce those
covenants on behalf of the Beneficiaries.

12. Representations and Agreements to Survive Delivery

All representations and warranties
of the Corporation herein or in certificates delivered pursuant hereto shall remain operative and in full force and effect, as of their
respective dates, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agents, or the Corporation (or any of their respective
officers, directors or controlling persons), and shall survive following termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 13.

13. Termination

(a) The Corporation shall have the right to
terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion at any time by giving written notice to the
Agents as hereinafter specified. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party
to any other party, except that the provisions of Section 8(h), Section 11, Section 12,
Section 13(e), Section 15, Section 18, Section 19 and Section 20
hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.

(b) The Agents shall have the right to terminate
its obligations under this Agreement in their sole discretion at any time after the date
of this Agreement by giving written notice to the Corporation as hereinafter specified. Any
such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the
provisions of Section 8(h), Section 11, Section 12, Section 13(e), Section 15,
Section 18, Section 19 and Section 20 hereof shall remain in full force and
effect notwithstanding such termination.

(c) Unless previously terminated pursuant
to this Section 13, this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the earliest of
(i) July 5, 2026, (ii) the date on which the issuance and sale of all the
Placement Shares through the Agents on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
herein has been completed, and (iii) the date on which notice from the OSC or the SEC
that the Canadian Base Prospectus and/or Registration Statement has ceased to be effective
in accordance with Canadian Securities Laws, the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the
case may be, has been received by the Corporation; provided that any such termination shall
in all cases be deemed to provide that Section 8(h), Section 11, Section 12,
Section 13(e), Section 15, Section 18, Section 19 and Section 20
shall remain in full force and effect.

- 53 - 

(d) This Agreement shall remain in full force
and effect unless terminated pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(b), 13(c) or otherwise
by mutual agreement of the parties; provided that any such termination shall in all cases
be deemed to provide that Section 8(h), Section 11, Section 12, Section 13(e),
Section 15, Section 18, Section 19 and Section 20 shall remain in full
force and effect.

(e) Any termination of this Agreement shall
be effective on the date specified in such notice of termination; provided that such termination
shall not be effective until the close of business on the date of receipt of such notice
by the Agents or the Corporation, as the case may be. If such termination shall occur prior
to the Settlement Date for any sale of Placement Shares, such Placement Shares shall settle
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

(f) In the event that the Corporation terminates
this Agreement, as permitted under Section 13(a), the Corporation shall be under no
continuing obligation, either pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise to utilize the services
of the Agents in connection with any sale of securities of the Corporation or to pay any
compensation to the Agents other than compensation with respect to sales of Placement Shares
subscribed on or before the termination date and the Corporation shall be free to engage
other placement agents and underwriters from and after the termination date with no continuing
obligation to the Agents.

14. Notices

Except as expressly set out
herein, all notices or other communications required or permitted to be given by any party to any other party pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement shall be in writing (including by electronic means) and if sent to the Agents, shall be delivered to:

BMO Capital Markets Corp.

151 W42nd Street

New York, NY 10036

Attention: Equity Syndicate Department

With
a copy to the Legal Department

-and-

BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc.

First Canadian Place, 4th Floor

100 King Street West

Toronto, ON M5X 1H3

Attention: 
Andrew Warkentin

Email: 
[***]

- 54 - 

With a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Torys LLP

79 Wellington Street West, Suite 3000

Toronto, ON M5K 1N2

Attention: 
Robbie Leibel / Christopher Bornhorst

Email: rleibel@torys.com / cbornhorst@torys.com

or if sent to the Corporation, shall
be delivered to:

Canopy Growth Corporation

1 Hershey Drive

Smiths Falls, ON K7A 0A8

Attention: Judy
Hong

Email: [***]

With a copy (which shall not constitute
notice) to:

Cassels Brock & Blackwell
LLP

Bay Adelaide Centre North Tower

40 Temperance St., Suite 3200

Toronto, ON M5H 0B4

Attention: Jonathan
Sherman

Email: jsherman@cassels.com

-and-

Paul Hastings LLP

200 Park Avenue

New York, NY 10166

Attention: Yariv
Katz

Email: yarivkatz@paulhastings.com

Each party to this Agreement
may change such address for notices by sending to the other parties to this Agreement written notice of a new address for such purpose.
Each such notice or other communication shall be deemed given (i) when delivered personally on or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern time,
on a Business Day or, if such day is not a Business Day (or if delivered after 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on a Business Day), on the
next succeeding Business Day, (ii) on the next Business Day after timely delivery to a nationally-recognized overnight courier,
(iii) on the Business Day actually received if deposited in the mail (certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid), and (iv) if sent by email, on the Business Day on which receipt is confirmed by the individual to whom the notice is sent,
other than via auto-reply.

- 55 - 

15. Consent to Jurisdiction

The Corporation irrevocably
(i) agrees that any legal suit, action or proceeding against the Corporation brought by any Agent or by any person who controls
any Agent arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby may be instituted in any court in the
Province of Ontario, (ii) waives, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have
to the laying of venue of any such proceeding and (iii) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action
or proceeding. To the extent that the Corporation has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any
legal process (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise)
with respect to itself or its property, it hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under the above-referenced
documents, to the extent permitted by law. The provisions of this Section 15 shall survive any termination of this Agreement, in
whole or in part.

16. Successors and Assigns

This Agreement shall inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the Corporation and the Agents and their respective successors and the affiliates, controlling
persons, officers and directors referred to in Section 11 hereof. References to any of the parties contained in this Agreement shall
be deemed to include the successors and permitted assigns of such party. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to
confer upon any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and permitted assigns any rights, remedies, obligations
or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. No party may assign its rights or
obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other parties.

17. Adjustments for Stock Splits

The parties acknowledge and agree that all share
related numbers contained in this Agreement shall be adjusted to take into account any stock split, stock dividend or similar event effected
with respect to the Shares.

18. Entire Agreement; Amendment; Severability

This Agreement (including
all schedules and exhibits attached hereto and Placement Notices issued pursuant hereto) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes
all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with regard to the subject
matter hereof; provided that this Agreement shall not supersede the Equity Distribution Agreement, dated June 6, 2024, by
and among the Company and the Agents, which is understood and agreed to relate to a separate offering from the Offering contemplated
hereby.

Neither this Agreement nor
any term hereof may be amended except pursuant to a written instrument executed by the Corporation and the Agents. In the event that
any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable,
the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of the remaining provisions contained herein
shall not be affected or impaired thereby.

- 56 - 

19. Applicable Law

This Agreement and any claim,
controversy or dispute relative to or arising out of this Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws
of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable in the Province of Ontario. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably
attorns to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario.

20. Waiver of Jury Trial

The Corporation and the Agents
hereby irrevocably waive any right either may have to a trial by jury in respect of any claim based upon or arising out of this Agreement
or any transaction contemplated hereby.

21. Absence of Fiduciary Duties

The parties acknowledge that
they are sophisticated in business and financial matters and that each of them is solely responsible for making its own independent investigation
and analysis of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. They further acknowledge that the Agents have not been engaged by the
Corporation to provide, and have not provided, financial advisory services in connection with the terms of the Offering nor have the
Agents assumed at any time a fiduciary relationship to the Corporation in connection with such Offering. The Corporation hereby waives,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against the Agents for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary
duty and agrees the Agents shall have no liability (whether direct or indirect) to the Corporation in respect of such a fiduciary duty
claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of the Corporation, including shareholders, employees
or creditors of the Corporation.

22. Judgment Currency

The Corporation agrees to
indemnify the U.S. Agent, its directors, officers, affiliates and each person, if any, who controls such Agent within the meaning of
Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, against any loss incurred by the U.S. Agent as a result
of any judgment or order being given or made for any amount due hereunder and such judgment or order being expressed and paid in a currency
(the judgment currency) other than U.S. dollars and as a result of any variation as between (i) the rate of
exchange at which the U.S. dollar amount is converted into the judgment currency for the purpose of such judgment or order, and (ii) the
rate of exchange at which such indemnified person is able to purchase U.S. dollars with the amount of the judgment currency actually
received by the indemnified person. If the United States dollars so purchased are greater than the sum originally due to the indemnified
person hereunder, the U.S. Agent agrees to promptly pay to the Corporation an amount equal to the excess of the United States dollars
purchased over the sum originally due to such indemnified person hereunder. The foregoing indemnity shall constitute a separate and independent
obligation of the Corporation and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding any such judgment or order as aforesaid. The
term rate of exchange shall include any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of, or conversion
into, the relevant currency.

- 57 - 

23. Compliance with USA Patriot Act

In accordance with the requirements
of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)), the Agents are required to obtain, verify
and record information that identifies their respective clients, including the Corporation, which information may include the name and
address of their respective clients, as well as other information that will allow the Agents to properly identify their respective clients.

24. Definitions

As used in this Agreement,
the following terms have the respective meanings set forth below:

(a) Agents has the meaning
given thereto on Page 1 hereof;

(b) Agent Indemnified Parties
has the meaning given thereto in Section 11(a)hereof;

(c) Agreement has the
meaning given thereto on Page 1 hereof;

(d) Amendment Date has
the meaning given thereto in Section 8(a) hereof;

(e) Applicable Time means,
with respect to any Placement Shares, the time of sale of such Placement Shares pursuant
to this Agreement;

(f) Auditor Comfort Letters
has the meaning given thereto in Section 8(p) hereof;

(g) Authorizations has
the meaning given thereto in Section 7(zz)hereof;

(h) Authorized Representative
has the meaning given thereto in Section 2(a) hereof;

(i) Base Prospectuses
means, collectively, the Canadian Base Prospectus and the U.S. Base Prospectus;

(j) Beneficiaries has
the meaning given thereto in Section 11(g) hereof;

(k) Business Day means
any day on which Nasdaq and TSX are open for business;

(l) Canadian Agent has
the meaning given thereto on Page 1 hereof;

(m) Canadian Base Prospectus
has the meaning given thereto in Section 6(a)hereof;

(n) Canadian Marketplace
has the meaning given thereto in Section 3(a)hereof;

(o) Canadian Preliminary Base Prospectus
means the preliminary short form base shelf prospectus of the Corporation dated May 14,
2024 and filed with the Canadian Qualifying Authorities;

- 58 - 

(p) Canadian Prospectus
means the Canadian Prospectus Supplement (and any additional Canadian prospectus supplement
prepared in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and filed with the Canadian
Qualifying Authorities in accordance with Canadian Securities Laws) together with the Canadian
Base Prospectus;

(q) Canadian Prospectus Supplement
has the meaning given thereto in Section 6(a)hereof;

(r) Canadian Qualifying Authorities
means the securities regulatory authorities in the Canadian Qualifying Jurisdictions;

(s) Canadian Qualifying Jurisdictions
means each of the provinces and territories of Canada;

(t) Canadian Securities Laws
means securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations under such laws, together
with applicable published national, multilateral and local policy statements, instruments,
notices and blanket orders of the Canadian Qualifying Authorities in each of the Canadian
Qualifying Jurisdictions as modified by the French Translation Exemption;

(u) Canadian Shelf Procedures
means NI 44-101 and NI 44-102;

(v) Cannabis Act means
the Cannabis Act S.C. 2018, c. 16;

(w) Canopy USA means
Canopy USA, LLC;

(x) Canopy USA Structure
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(bb)hereof;

(y) CFO Certificate has
the meaning given thereto in Section 8(q) hereof;

(z) CFPOA has the meaning
given thereto in Section 7(w) hereof;

(aa) Code has the meaning
given thereto in Section 7(ccc) hereof;

(bb) Consents has the
meaning given thereto in Section 7(e) hereof;

(cc) Corporation has
the meaning given thereto on Page 1 hereof;

(dd) Corporation Financial Information
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(l) hereof;

(ee) Corporation Indemnified Parties
has the meaning given thereto in Section 11(b) hereof;

(ff) Current Report has
the meaning given thereto in Section 8(g) thereof;

(gg) Designated News Release
has the meaning given thereto in Section 6(a) hereof;

- 59 - 

(hh) Disclosure Package
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(b) hereof;

(ii) EDGAR means the
SECs Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval System;

(jj) Earnings Announcement
has the meaning given thereto in Section 8(g)hereof;

(kk) Effective Date shall
mean each date and time that the Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment
or amendments thereto became or becomes effective;

(ll) Environmental Law
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(hhh) hereof;

(mm) Exchange Act means
the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the rules and regulations
thereunder;

(nn) Exchangeable Shares
means the non-voting and non-participating exchangeable shares of the Corporation;

(oo) Execution Time means
the date and time that this Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto;

(pp) FCPA has the meaning
given thereto in Section 7(w) hereof;

(qq) Federal Cannabis Laws
means any U.S. federal laws, civil, criminal or otherwise, as such relate, either directly
or indirectly, to the cultivation, harvesting, production, distribution, sale and possession
of cannabis, marijuana or related substances or products containing or relating to the same,
including, without limitation, the Controlled Substances Act, 21 U.S.C. Ch. 13 (including,
but not limited to, the prohibition on drug trafficking under 21 U.S.C. 841(a), et
seq.), the conspiracy statute under 18 U.S.C. 846, the bar against aiding and abetting
the conduct of an offense under 18 U.S.C. 2, the bar against misprision of a felony
(concealing anothers felonious conduct) under 18 U.S.C. 4, the bar against
being an accessory after the fact to criminal conduct under 18 U.S.C. 3, and federal
money laundering statutes under 18 U.S.C. 1956, 1957, and 1960 and the regulations
and rules promulgated under any of the foregoing;

(rr) FINRA means the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority in the United States;

(ss) French Translation Exemption
means the exemption relief decision dated May 6, 2024 obtained by the Corporation from
the Autorit des marchs financiers;

(tt) Governmental Authorities
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(e) hereof;

(uu) Hazardous Substances
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(hhh) hereof;

(vv) Health Canada has
the meaning given thereto in Section 7(e) hereof;

- 60 - 

(ww) Immaterial Subsidiary
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(d) hereof;

(xx) Initial Registration Statement
has the meaning given thereto in Section 6(b) hereof;

(yy) Indemnified Party
and Indemnifying Party each has the meaning given thereto in Section 11(b) hereof;

(zz) Initial Auditor Comfort Letters
has the meaning given thereto in Section 8(p) hereof;

(aaa) Intellectual Property
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(eee)hereof;

(bbb) Investment Entities
means Canopy USA, Canopy USA I Limited Partnership, Canopy USA II Limited Partnership and
Canopy USA III Limited Partnership;

(ccc) Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
means an issuer free writing prospectus, as defined in Rule 433;

(ddd) IT Systems has
the meaning given thereto in Section 7(eee) hereof;

(eee) judgement currency
has the meaning given thereto in Section 22hereof;

(fff) Lien has the meaning
given thereto in Section 7(d) hereof;

(ggg) Material Adverse Effect
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(d) hereof;

(hhh) material change
has the meaning given thereto under Canadian Securities Laws;

(iii) material fact has
the meaning given thereto under Canadian Securities Laws;

(jjj) Material Subsidiary
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(d) hereof;

(kkk) Money Laundering Laws
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(x) hereof;

(lll) Nasdaq means the
Nasdaq Global Select Market;

(mmm) Net Proceeds has
the meaning given thereto in Section 5(a) hereof;

(nnn) NI 21-101 means
National Instrument 21-101 Marketplace Operation;

(ooo) NI 33-105 means
National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts;

(ppp) NI 44-101 means
National Instrument 44-101 Short Form Prospectus Distributions;

(qqq) NI 44-102 means
National Instrument 44-102 Shelf Distributions;

- 61 - 

(rrr) NI 51-102 means
National Instrument 51-102 Continuous Disclosure Obligations;

(sss) Offering has the
meaning given thereto in Section 1(a)hereof;

(ttt) Personal Data has
the meaning given thereto in Section 7(eee) hereof;

(uuu) PFIC has the meaning
given thereto in Section 7(ccc);

(vvv) Placement has the
meaning given thereto in Section 2(a) hereof;

(www) Placement Fee has
the meaning given thereto in Section 2(b) hereof;

(xxx) Placement Notice
has the meaning given thereto in Section 2(a) hereof;

(yyy) Placement Shares
has the meaning given thereto in Section 2(a) hereof;

(zzz) Privacy Requirements
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(eee) hereof;

(aaaa) Prospectus Delivery Period
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(a)(ii) hereof;

(bbbb) Prospectus Supplements
means, collectively, the Canadian Prospectus Supplement and the U.S. Prospectus Supplement;

(cccc) Prospectuses means,
collectively, the Canadian Prospectus and the U.S. Prospectus;

(dddd) Public Record
means all documents incorporated by reference in the Canadian Prospectus and all information
filed by or on behalf of the Corporation with the Canadian Qualifying Authorities after December 31,
2024, in compliance, or intended compliance, with Canadian Securities Laws;

(eeee) Receipt has the
meaning given thereto in Section 6(a)hereof;

(ffff) Registration Statement
means the Initial Registration Statement as referred to in Section 6, including exhibits
and financial statements and any prospectus supplement relating to the Shelf Securities that
is filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) and deemed part of such registration
statement pursuant to Rule 430B, as amended on each Effective Date and, in the event
any post-effective amendment thereto becomes effective, shall also mean such registration
statement as so amended;

(gggg) Related Entity
means Grow House JA Limited;

(hhhh) Relevant Security
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(gg) hereof;

(iiii) Representation Date
has the meaning given thereto in Section 8(n) hereof;

- 62 - 

(jjjj) Reviewing Authority
has the meaning given thereto in Section 6(a)hereof;

(kkkk) Rule 134,
Rule 158,, Rule 164, Rule 172,
Rule 173, Rule 401, Rule 405,
Rule 415, Rule 424, Rule 430B
and Rule 433 refer to such rules under the Securities Act;

(llll) Rules and Regulations
has the meaning given thereto in Section 6(b)hereof;

(mmmm) Sanctioned Territory
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(y)(i) hereof;

(nnnn) Sanctions has
the meaning given thereto in Section 7(y)(i) hereof;

(oooo) Sarbanes-Oxley
means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended;

(pppp) SEC means the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission;

(qqqq) Securities Act
means the United Stated Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations
of the SEC promulgated thereunder;

(rrrr) SEDAR+ means the
System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval +;

(ssss) Settlement Date
has the meaning given thereto in Section 5(a) hereof;

(tttt) Shares has the
meaning given thereto in Section 1 hereof;

(uuuu) Shelf Securities
has the meaning given thereto in Section 6(a)hereof;

(vvvv) Specified Person
has the meaning given thereto in Section 7(y)(i) hereof;

(wwww) Staff Notice has
the meaning given thereto in Section 7(bb) hereof;

(xxxx) Stock Plan has
the meaning given thereto in Section 7(nnn)hereof;

(yyyy) Subsidiaries means
the Material Subsidiaries and the Immaterial Subsidiaries but excludes, for greater certainty,
the Investment Entities;

(zzzz) Trading Day means
any day on which either Nasdaq or the TSX are open for trading;

(aaaaa) TSX means the
Toronto Stock Exchange;

(bbbbb) United States Marketplace
has the meaning given thereto in Section 3(a)hereof;

(ccccc) U.S. Agent has
the meaning given thereto on Page 1 hereof;

(ddddd) U.S. Base Prospectus
has the meaning given thereto in Section 6(b) hereof;

- 63 - 

(eeeee) U.S. GAAP has
the meaning given thereto in Section 7(l) hereof;

(fffff) U.S. Prospectus
means the U.S. Base Prospectus, as supplemented by the U.S. Prospectus Supplement;

(ggggg) U.S. Prospectus Supplement
means the most recent U.S. prospectus supplement to the U.S. Base Prospectus relating to
the Placement Shares that was filed pursuant to Rule 424(b); and

(hhhhh) U.S. Securities Laws
means collectively, Sarbanes-Oxley, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Rules and
Regulations, the auditing principles, rules, standards and practices applicable to auditors
of issuers (as defined in Sarbanes-Oxley) promulgated or approved by the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board and, as applicable, the rules of Nasdaq.

25. Counterparts

This Agreement may be executed
in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Counterparts may be delivered via facsimile, email (including pdf or any electronic signature complying with applicable law, e.g., www.docusign.com)
or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and
effective for all purposes.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left
Blank]

- 64 - 

If the foregoing accurately
reflects your understanding and agreement with respect to the matters described herein please indicate your agreement by countersigning
this Agreement in the space provided below.

Yours very truly,

CANOPY GROWTH CORPORATION

By: /s/ Judy
Hong

Name: Judy Hong

Title: Chief Financial Officer

ACCEPTED as of the date first-above written:

BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP. BMO NESBITT BURNS INC.

By: /s/ Eric
Benedict By: /s/ Andrew
Warkentin

Name: Eric Benedict

Title: Co-Head of Global Equity
Capital Markets 

Name: Andrew Warkentin

Title: Managing Director, Diversified
Industries

Schedule
1

The Authorized Representatives of the Corporation
are as follows:

Name and Office/Title E-mail Address Telephone Number

Luc Mongeau/Chief Executive Officer [***] [***]

Judy Hong/Chief Financial Officer [***] [***]

Christelle Gedeon/Chief Legal Officer [***] [***]

The Authorized Representatives of BMO Capital
Markets Corp. are as follows:

Name and Office/Title E-mail Address Telephone Number

Eric Benedict/Co-Head of 

Global Equity and Capital Markets [***] [***]

The Authorized Representatives of BMO Nesbitt
Burns Inc. are as follows:

Name and Office/Title E-mail Address Telephone Number

Andrew Warkentin/Managing Director,

Diversified Industries [***] [***]

Exhibit A

OFFICERS CERTIFICATE

To: BMO Capital Markets Corp. and BMO Nesbitt
Burns Inc. (together, the Agents)

Re: Equity Distribution Agreement dated February 28,
2025 (the Distribution Agreement) between Canopy Growth Corporation (the Corporation) and
the Agents

Date: [], 202[]

I, [name of executive
officer], the [title of executive officer] of the Corporation, do hereby certify in such capacity and not in my personal capacity,
on behalf of the Corporation pursuant to Section 8(n) of the Distribution Agreement, and without personal liability, that,
to the best of my knowledge:

(i) Except as set forth in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectuses and the Disclosure Package, the representations and warranties
of the Corporation in Section 7 of the Distribution Agreement are true and correct on
and as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if expressly made on and as of
the date hereof, except for those representations and warranties that speak solely as of
a specific date and which were true and correct as of such date; and

(ii) The Corporation has complied with all
agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied pursuant
to the Distribution Agreement at or prior to the date hereof.

Unless otherwise defined, all capitalized terms
used herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Distribution Agreement.

Date By: 

Name

Title:

Exhibit B

MATTERS TO BE COVERED BY

INITIAL OPINION OF CORPORATIONS CANADIAN COUNSEL

Exhibit C

CFO CERTIFICATE

Canopy Growth Corporation

Chief Financial Officers Certificate

Exhibit D

MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit
E

IMMATERIAL SUBSIDIAIRES
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>tm257897d2_ex5-1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 5.1
<TEXT>
Exhibit 5.1

February 28, 2025

Canopy Growth Corporation

1 Hershey Drive

Smiths Falls, Ontario

K7A 0A8 Canada 

Dear Sirs/Mesdames:

Re: Canopy Growth Corporation (the Company) Public Offering of Common Shares of the
Company (the Common Shares)

We have acted as counsel to the Company, a corporation
incorporated under the federal laws of Canada (the Company), in connection with the issue and sale, from time to
time, by the Company of such number of Common Shares (the Placement Shares) having an aggregate offering price of
up to US$200,000,000 (or the equivalent in Canadian dollars determined using the daily exchange rate posted by the Bank of Canada on the
date the Placement Shares are sold).

The Company has prepared and filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC) a registration statement (File No. 333-279949)
on Form S-3 on June 5, 2024 (the Registration Statement) under the United States Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Act), and that the Registration Statement includes the United States Base Prospectus
dated June 5, 2024 (which document is referred to as the U.S. Base Prospectus). The U.S. Base Prospectus as
supplemented by a prospectus supplement thereto dated the date hereof, filed with the SEC is referred to as the U.S. Final Prospectus.
We understand that, in addition to a concurrent distribution in Canada, the Placement Shares will be distributed in the United States
pursuant to the U.S. Final Prospectus.

This opinion letter is being furnished in accordance
with the requirements of Item 601 of Regulation S-K under the Act.

1. EXAMINATIONS AND INVESTIGATIONS

Documents. We have examined and relied
upon originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of the following:

(a) a certificate of compliance (the Certificate of Compliance) dated February 28,
2025 issued for the Company under the Canada Business Corporations Act (the CBCA);

(b) the articles of the Company, as amended;

(c) the by-laws of the Company;

(d) certain resolutions of the Companys board of directors relating to the Registration Statement,
U.S. Final Prospectus and the Placement Shares;

(e) a certificate, dated the date of this opinion, of an officer of the Company (the Officers
Certificate), including copies of each of the items in paragraphs (b), (c), and (d) above;

(f) the equity distribution agreement dated February 28, 2025 among the Company and BMO Capital Markets
Corp. and BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc. (the Distribution Agreement); and

(g) the Registration Statement and the U.S. Final Prospectus.

Page 2

Minute Books. Except for the corporate
records forming part of the Officers Certificate and such other corporate records as we deemed necessary, we have not reviewed
the minute books of the Company.

2. ASSUMPTIONS

(a) Authenticity. We have assumed: (i) the legal capacity of all individuals signing documents;
(ii) the genuineness of all signatures; (iii) the authenticity and completeness of all documents submitted to us as originals;
(iv) the conformity to authentic original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies; and (v) the continuing accuracy
of the Certificate of Compliance as of the date of this opinion as if issued on that date.

(b) Enforceability, etc. We have assumed that: (i) each party to the Distribution Agreement,
other than the Company: (A) is existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, as applicable; (B) has the requisite
power and capacity to carry on business, own properties and assets, and execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under the Distribution
Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated under the Distribution Agreement; (C) has taken all necessary action to
authorize the execution and delivery of, and the performance of its obligations under, the Distribution Agreement; and (D) has duly
executed and delivered the Distribution Agreement; (ii) the exercise, by each party other than the Company, of its rights and the
performance of its obligations under the Distribution Agreement is not contrary to its constating documents or governing legislation;
(iii) the Distribution Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation of each party to it other than the Company, enforceable
against that party in accordance with its terms; (iv) the representations and warranties of each party to the Distribution Agreement
other than the Company are true and correct and accurate in all respects; and (v) to the extent that the Distribution Agreement is
to be performed in any jurisdiction other than the Provinces (as defined below), such performance will not be illegal under the laws of
that jurisdiction.

(c) Public records. We have assumed the completeness, accuracy, and currency of: (i) the indices
and filing systems maintained at the public offices where we searched or made inquiries; (ii) all documents supplied or otherwise
conveyed to us by public officials; and all facts set out in those documents and in official public records.

(d) Trading restrictions. We have assumed that, at the time of any distribution of or trade in securities
of the Company referred to in this opinion, no order, ruling, or decision granted by a securities commission, court of competent jurisdiction,
or regulatory or administrative body having jurisdiction is in effect that would: (i) restrict any distribution of or trade in those
securities; or (ii) affect any person or company who engaged in any such distribution or trade (including, without limitation, any
cease trade orders).

3. RELIANCE

(a) Matters of fact in the Officers Certificate. We have relied solely upon the Officers
Certificate as to the matters of fact set out in such certificate, without independently verifying those facts.

(b) Company Status. In expressing the opinion in section 5(a), we have relied and our opinion is based
solely upon the Certificate of Compliance and the Officers Certificate.

Page 3

4. LAWS ADDRESSED

The opinions we express are limited to the laws
of the Provinces of Ontario, British Columbia and Alberta (together, the Provinces) and the federal laws of Canada
applicable in the Provinces. For the purposes of this opinion, the term Securities Laws means the Securities Act
(Ontario), together with the regulations and rules made under that act, the Securities Act (British Columbia), together with
the regulations, rules and forms made under that act and the blanket rulings and orders issued by the British Columbia Securities
Commission and the Securities Act (Alberta), together with the regulations and rules under that act and the blanket rulings
and orders issued by the Alberta Securities Commission.

We are solicitors qualified to carry on the practice
of law in the Provinces only, and we express no opinion as to any laws, or matters governed by any laws, other than the laws of the Provinces
and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. The opinions herein are limited to the laws of the Provinces and the federal laws of
Canada applicable therein in effect as of the date hereof and we assume no obligation to update these opinions to take into account any
changes in such laws after the date hereof.

5. OPINIONS

Based upon and subject to the foregoing and subject
to the qualifications expressed below, we are of the opinion that:

(a) The Company is a corporation existing under the CBCA.

(b) The Placement Shares have been duly authorized by the Company, and all necessary corporate action has
been taken for the issuance and delivery of the Placement Shares against payment therefor as contemplated in the Distribution Agreement.
When delivered against payment of the purchase price therefor in accordance with the Distribution Agreement, such Placement Shares will
be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

6. USE OF OPINION

We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion
letter as Exhibit 5.1 to the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the Commission on or about the date
hereof, which will be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement, and to the reference to our firm under the heading Legal
Matters in the U.S. Final Prospectus, which is a part of the Registration Statement. In giving such consent, we do not hereby admit
that we are within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules or regulations
of the Commission thereunder.

Yours
truly, 

/s/
CASSELS BROCK & BLACKWELL LLP
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cgc-20250228.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>cgc-20250228_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>cgc-20250228_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>tm257897d2_ex5-1img001.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>tm257897d2_ex5-1img002.jpg
<DESCRIPTION>GRAPHIC
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 28, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 28, 2025

Entity File Number 001-38496

Entity Registrant Name Canopy Growth Corp

Entity Central Index Key 0001737927

Entity Tax Identification Number 00-0000000

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code Z4

Entity Address, Address Line One 1 Hershey Drive

Entity Address, City or Town Smiths Falls

Entity Address, State or Province ON

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code K7A
0A8

City Area Code 855

Local Phone Number 558-9333

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Shares, no par value

Trading Symbol CGC

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Section 14a

-Number 240

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://canopygrowth.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

cgc-20250228.xsd 
cgc-20250228_lab.xml 
cgc-20250228_pre.xml 
tm257897d2_8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2023 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>0001104659-25-019244-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>20
<FILENAME>tm257897d2_8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001737927 

2025-02-28 
2025-02-28 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001737927 
Canopy Growth Corp 
00-0000000 
8-K 
2025-02-28 
Z4 
001-38496 
1 Hershey Drive 
Smiths Falls 
ON 
K7A 0A8 
855 
558-9333 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Shares, no par value 
CGC 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>