<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001213900-25-024359.txt : 20250317
<SEC-HEADER>0001213900-25-024359.hdr.sgml : 20250317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250317090646
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-25-024359
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250312
ITEM INFORMATION:		Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			USA Rare Earth, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001970622
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				981720278
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41711
		FILM NUMBER:		25742566

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 W AIRPORT ROAD
		CITY:			STILLWATER
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74075
		BUSINESS PHONE:		813-867-6155

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 W AIRPORT ROAD
		CITY:			STILLWATER
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74075

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20230322
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ea0234569-8k_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>CURRENT REPORT
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000197062200019706222025-03-122025-03-120001970622IPXX:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember2025-03-122025-03-120001970622IPXX:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember2025-03-122025-03-12iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 17, 2025 (March 12, 2025)

USA Rare Earth, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)

Delaware 001-41711 98-1720278

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation) (Commission File Number) 

(IRS. Employer

Identification No.)

100 W Airport Road, 

Stillwater, Oklahoma74075

(Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code)

Registrants telephone number, including
area code: (813) 867-6155

Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant
to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to
Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share USAR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share USARW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 5.02. Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On March 12, 2025, in connection with the completion
of the previously disclosed business combination, USA Rare Earth, Inc. (f/k/a Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, the Company)
entered into an assignment and assumption agreement (the Assignment and Assumption Agreement), by and among the Company,
USA Rare Earth, LLC and William Robert Steele Jr., whereby the Company assumed the Employment Agreement, by and between USA Rare Earth,
LLC (USARE) and Mr. Steele, pursuant to which USARE agreed to employ Mr. Steele as Chief Financial Officer (the Employment
Agreement). Pursuant to the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, Mr. Steele will be employed as the Chief Financial Officer of
the Company. The Employment Agreement will be effective, and Mr. Steeles service with the Company will commence, as of March 24,
2025. Mr. Steele will be the Companys principal financial officer and principal accounting officer.

Mr. Steele, 59, has served as the Global
Chief Financial Officer of Mujin Corp., a physical AI industrial robotics software platform, since October 2024, and he will cease
serving in such position prior to the commencement of his service with the Company. Prior to his role at Mujin Corp., Mr. Steele
spent six years at Bank of America Securities as a Managing Director from 2018 to October 2024. He also previously served as
Managing Director at Stifel from 2005 to 2018, Director and Managing Director at SC Cowen Securities Corporation from 2000 to 2005,
and Principal at Banc of America Securities, Inc. from 1993 to 1996. Mr. Steele received his bachelors degree from University
of California, Santa Barbara and a Master of Business Administration from the Anderson School at UCLA.

Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Steele
will receive an annual base salary of $400,000 and will be eligible for an annual cash bonus based on the achievement of certain performance
targets, with a target bonus opportunity equal to sixty percent of his annual base salary. Mr. Steele will also be eligible to receive
equity awards under the Companys omnibus incentive plan (the Omnibus Incentive Plan), and in connection with the
commencement of his employment, he will be granted an equity award under the Omnibus Incentive Plan equal to no less than $2,000,000 (Initial
Equity Award). Mr. Steele will be eligible to participate in all employee benefit programs that are generally provided to all senior
executives and employees, subject to the terms and conditions of such plans, as in effect from time to time, as well as reimbursement
of business expenses in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Company. The Employment Agreement also contains certain restrictive
covenants, including restrictions regarding confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-disparagement.

If on or before December 31, 2026, Mr. Steele
is terminated by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement) or Mr. Steele resigns for Good Reason (as defined
in the Employment Agreement), Mr. Steele will be entitled to the following payments and benefits, subject to his execution of an effective
release of claims and continued compliance with certain restrictive covenants: (i) an amount equal to his monthly base salary rate in
effect on the date of termination, paid monthly for a period of six months, (ii) any annual bonus for the calendar year preceding the
termination date to the extent earned but unpaid, (iii) accelerated vesting of the next tranche of his Initial Equity Award, and (iv)
subject to his timely election and remaining eligible for continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act
(COBRA), reimbursement the monthly premium for continuation coverage (at the coverage levels in effect immediately prior to the termination
date) until the earlier of (x) the end of the six-month period following termination and (y) the date Mr. Steele becomes eligible for
health benefits through any arrangement sponsored by, or paid for by, a subsequent employer. Mr. Steele will be eligible to participate
in a change of control severance plan to be established by the Company following the date of his Employment Agreement; provided, that
Mr. Steele will be entitled to the higher severance rights, payments and compensatory benefits provided under the change of control severance
plan and his Employment Agreement, but not severance rights, payments and compensatory benefits under both the change of control severance
plan and his Employment Agreement.

Mr. Steele does not have a family relationship with any of the officers
or directors of the Company. There were no understandings or arrangements between Mr. Steele and any other person pursuant to which he
was selected as an officer of the Company. There are no related party transactions reportable under Item 5.02 of Current Report on Form
8-K and Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Upon Mr. Steeles commencement of service,
Christopher Boling, will remain the Controller of the Company but will cease to serve as the Companys principal financial officer
and principal accounting officer.

The foregoing description of the Assignment and
Assumption Agreement and the Employment Agreement in this Item 5.02 is qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the
Assignment and Assumption Agreement and the Employment Agreement, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and Exhibit 10.2,
respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

(d)
Exhibits:

The following exhibits are attached with this current report on Form
8-K: 

Exhibit No. Description

10.1 Assignment and Assumption of Employment Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2025, by and between USA Rare Earth, Inc. (f/k/a Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II) and USA Rare Earth, LLC.

10.2+ Employment Agreement, effective as of March 24, 2025, between the Company and William Robert Steele Jr.

104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

+ Indicates management compensatory plan or arrangement. 

1

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

USA Rare Earth, Inc.

/s/ David Kronenfeld

Name: David Kronenfeld

Title: Chief Legal Officer

Date: March 17, 2025

2
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ea023456901ex10-1_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF MARCH 12, 2025, BY AND BETWEEN USA RARE EARTH, INC. (F/K/A INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II) AND USA RARE EARTH, LLC
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is made and entered into as of March 12, 2025 (the Effective Date),
by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company (which shall domesticate as a Delaware corporation
prior to Closing and be renamed USA Rare Earth, Inc.) (the Purchaser), USA Rare Earth, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the Company), and William Robert Steele Jr., (the Employee). Company and Purchaser
are referred to herein, collectively, as the Parties, and individually, as a Party.

RECITALS

A. Pursuant to that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2024, by and among Purchaser,
Company, and IPXX Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Purchaser (Merger
Sub), as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 12, 2024, and as further
amended by that certain Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2025 (as amended, and as may be further
amended from time to time, the Business Combination Agreement), Merger Sub will merge with and into Company, with
Company surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser.

B. The Company and the Employee entered into that certain Employment Agreement dated as of March 24, 2025
(the Employment Agreement), whereby Company will employ Employee to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
(and of Purchaser post-Closing).

C. In connection with and contingent upon the Closing, and effective upon the effectiveness of the Employment
Agreement, Company desires to assign all of its rights, title, and interest in and to the Employment Agreement to Purchaser, and Purchaser
desires to accept and assume the same, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

D. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings given to them
in the Employment Agreement.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the
premises, and the agreements, mutual covenants, representations, and warranties hereinafter set forth, and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Assignment of Employment Agreement. Company hereby assigns, transfers, conveys, and delivers
to Purchaser, its successors and assigns forever, effective as of the effectiveness of the Employment Agreement and contingent upon the
Closing, all of Companys rights, title, and interest in and to the Employment Agreement, free and clear of any and all encumbrances.
Purchaser hereby accepts, effective as of the effectiveness of the Employment Agreement and contingent upon the Closing, the foregoing
assignment and assumes all of Companys duties, obligations, and responsibilities as Company under the Employment
Agreement to the extent arising from and after the Closing, in accordance with the terms thereof. Upon such assumption, the Company shall
have no liability with respect to the Employment Agreement. Employee agrees that Purchaser shall hereafter be a party to such Employment
Agreement and shall have the right and ability to enforce the Employment Agreement against Employee (and receive the benefits thereof
in the place of the Company) and Employee shall have the right and ability to enforce the Employment Agreement against
Purchaser (and receive the benefits thereof in place of the Company) as if Employee was a party thereto.

2. Representations and Warranties of Company. To induce Purchaser to enter into this Agreement
and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, Company represents and warrants to Purchaser as follows:

a. Employment Agreement. A true, correct, and complete copy of the Employment Agreement, together
with any amendments thereto, is attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A. The Employment Agreement is in full force and effect and
has not been modified or amended, either orally or in writing, from the version attached hereto as Exhibit A.

b. Authority; Validity. Company has full power, authority, and legal capacity to execute, deliver,
and perform its obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by Company, does not
require any further authorization or consent, and is the legal, valid, and binding obligation of Company, enforceable in accordance with
its terms. Section 6(e) of the Employment Agreement provides that the Employment Agreement may be assigned by the Company, without
Executives consent, to (i) any affiliate of the Company or (ii) any other successor in interest to the Companys business
and assets (whether by merger, sale of assets, contribution of assets or otherwise).

3. Representations and Warranties of Purchaser.
To induce Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, Purchaser represents and warrants
to Company that Purchaser has full power, authority, and legal capacity to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under this Agreement
and that this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by Purchaser, does not require any further authorization or
consent, and is the legal, valid, and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms.

4. Further Assurances. Company and Purchaser hereby
agree to take such additional actions and to execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and all other acts, deeds, assignments, powers of
attorney, instruments, or other documents as may reasonably be requested by the other Party to effect the intent and purposes of this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein.

5. Amendment and Modification; Waiver. This Agreement
may be amended, modified, or supplemented only by a written instrument authorized and executed by Company and Purchaser. No waiver by
any Party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and executed by the Party so waiving.
The waiver by any Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or
subsequent breach.

6. Governing Law; Dispute Resolution. This Agreement
shall be governed and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware without regard to any choice of Law provision or
rule that would cause the application of the Laws of any other jurisdiction.

2

7. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement
is held to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable under any present or future law, arbitrator, or court of competent jurisdiction, and
if the rights or obligations of any Party will not be materially and adversely affected thereby, (a) such provision will be fully severable,
(b) this Agreement will be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision had never comprised a part
hereof, (c) the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect and will not be affected by the illegal,
invalid, or unenforceable provision or by its severance here from, and (d) in lieu of such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision,
there will be added as a part of this Agreement a legal, valid, and enforceable provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid,
or unenforceable provision as may be possible upon which the Parties agree based upon the underlying intent of the Parties.

8. Headings; Interpretation. The section and other
headings in this Agreement are solely for reference and will not affect the meaning or interpretation hereof. References to including
and words of similar import shall mean including, without limitation, and any list of items that may follow such word shall
not be deemed to represent a complete list of, or be limited to, the contents of the referent of the subject. The singular of any term,
including any defined term, shall include the plural and the plural of any term shall include the singular. The use of any pronoun with
respect to gender shall include the neutral, masculine, and feminine.

9. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed
in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but all of which will constitute one and the same instrument. The exchange
by the Parties of copies of this Agreement and executed signature pages hereto by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall constitute
effective execution and delivery of this Agreement and may be used in lieu of the original thereof for all purposes.

10. Joint Preparation. This Agreement has been
prepared by the joint efforts of the respective attorneys to each of the Parties. No provision of this Agreement shall be construed on
the basis that such Party was the author of such provision.

[Signatures follow on separate pages]

3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
each of the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date.

Purchaser:

INFLECTION POINT ACQUISITION CORP. II

By: /s/ Michael Blitzer

Name: Michael Blitzer

Title: Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Assignment and Assumption
of Employment Agreement - Steele]

Company:

USA RARE EARTH, LLC

By: /s/ David Kronenfeld

Name: David Kronenfeld

Title: Chief Legal Officer

[Signature Page to Assignment and Assumption
of Employment Agreement - Steele]

Employee:

William Robert Steele Jr.

By: /s/ William Robert Steele Jr.

[Signature Page to Assignment and Assumption
of Employment Agreement - Steele]

Exhibit A

Employment Agreement
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ea023456901ex10-2_usarare.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, EFFECTIVE AS OF MARCH 24, 2025, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND WILLIAM ROBERT STEELE JR
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.2

EXECUTION VERSION

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement
(Agreement) is made as of March 24, 2025 (the Effective Date), by and between USA Rare Earth,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company), and William Robert Steele Jr., an individual resident of
the State of California (Executive).

WHEREAS, the Company desires
to employ Executive as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Company and Executive
desire to enter into this Agreement as to the terms of Executives employment with the Company.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, the Company hereby offers Executive and Executive hereby accepts the employment of
Executive by the Company upon the terms and conditions set forth herein.

1. EMPLOYMENT.

(a) Office,
Duties and Authority. During the Employment Term (as defined below), Executive shall serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Executive shall perform such duties and responsibilities and shall have such authority commensurate with Executives position with
the Company and such other duties, authorities and responsibilities as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO)
shall designate from time to time that are not inconsistent with the Executives position as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.
Executive will carry out his duties, responsibilities and authority at all times in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations
and Company policies in effect from time to time. Executive shall report directly to the CEO.

(b) Acceptance
and Time Commitment. Executive accepts such employment and agrees to render the services described above. Executive agrees to
devote Executives full business time, energy, experience and talents to the business of the Company upon the terms and conditions
herein. With the prior written approval of the CEO (not to be unreasonably withheld), Executive shall have the right to participate in
(i) civic, charitable, educational and religious activities, (ii) pursue Executives passive investment activities, and (iii) engage
in other outside business activities, so long as, in each case, these activities do not violate Section 5, create an actual or potential
conflict of interest or interfere with the performance of Executives duties hereunder.

(c) Location.
Executives principal place of employment will be his residence in the San Francisco, California
metropolitan area, provided that Executive shall be required to travel for business purposes in the performance of his duties, including,
without limitation, reasonable travel to Company facilities and for Company meetings. Except in relation to short-term relocations lasting
less than one month, Executive shall not relocate his principal place of employment without the prior written authorization of the CEO
and advance notice to Human Resources.

2. TERM

Executives employment
with the Company is for no specified time period and constitutes at-will employment, meaning that either Executive or the
Company will be entitled to terminate Executives employment at any time and for any reason or no reason, subject to Section 4.
As used herein, the phrase Employment Term shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date and expiring on
the termination of Executives employment under this Agreement.

3. COMPENSATION

(a) Base
Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company agrees to pay Executive an annual base salary of four hundred thousand dollars
($400,000), less applicable tax withholding and deductions. Executives Base Salary shall be subject to annual review by the CEO
(or a committee designated thereby) and may be increased from time to time by the CEO. The Base Salary will be paid in substantially equal
periodic installments according to the Companys standard payroll practices in effect from time to time. The base salary as determined
herein from time to time shall constitute Base Salary for purposes of this Agreement.

(b) Annual
Bonus. Each year during the Employment Term beginning in calendar year 2025, Executive will be eligible to receive an annual
cash bonus (Annual Bonus) based on the achievement of performance targets, as determined by the CEO (or a
committee designated thereby) with respect to each year. Executive will be eligible for an Annual Bonus with a target opportunity
equal to sixty percent (60%) of Base Salary (Target Bonus). This rate, just as with the performance targets
themselves, shall be reviewed and set by the CEO or another authorized representative of the Company annually. Except as otherwise
set forth herein, the Annual Bonus, if any, will be paid in the fiscal year following the fiscal year for which it is earned, but no
later than March 31 of such fiscal year, subject to Executives continued employed on the payment date.

(c) Equity
Awards. In addition to other compensation provided to Executive hereunder, Executive shall be eligible to receive awards under
the USA Rare Earth, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Equity Plan), once adopted and
as provided for herein. As soon as reasonably practical following the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination
Agreement by and among Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II (Pubco), IPXX Merger Sub LLC and the Company, dated
August 19, 2024 (the Closing), Executive shall be granted an award of no less than two million dollars ($2,000,000)
(the Initial Award), as calculated consistent with the initial award valuation method to be established by the Company
and applicable to all initial award recipients.

(d) Benefit
Plans. Executive will be eligible to participate in all employee benefit programs that are provided by the Company generally to
its senior executives and employees, subject to the terms and conditions of such plans, as in effect from time to time. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company may modify or terminate any employee benefit plan at any time.

2

(e) Reimbursement
of Business Expenses. Upon presentation of appropriate documentation as the Company may specify from time to time, the Company
will reimburse Executive for all reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by Executive during the Employment Term and in connection
with the performance of Executives duties hereunder, in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Company as they may
be amended from time to time. In addition, upon presentation of appropriate documentation, the Company shall pay up to $7,500 of Executives
reasonable counsel fees incurred in connection with the negotiation and documentation of this Agreement, and matters related hereto, payable
within thirty (30) days following the Effective Date; provided, however, that in the event the Company requests that Executive submit
invoices associated with such legal representation to substantiate the reimbursement of reasonable attorneys fees and costs, Executive
shall be permitted to redact such legal invoices to protect and preserve attorney-client privilege.

(f) Paid
Time Off. During the Term, Executive will be eligible to take paid time off in accordance
with the Companys paid time off policies for its executive team, as in effect or amended from time to time. 

(g) Full
Compensation. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the compensation described in this
Section 3 is the only compensation which Executive is entitled to for any and all services rendered by Executive to the Company, or any
of its affiliates or clients, in any capacity during the Term. Executive acknowledges and agrees that he is being retained as an employee
and, as of the Effective Date, has no ownership or joint venture interest in the Company, its relationships, or its profits. Nothing
in this Agreement shall preclude Executive from receiving additional compensation, equity or other benefits as determined by the Board
(or committee hereof) or CEO.

4. TERMINATION

(a) Termination.
Executives employment and the Employment Term shall terminate on the first of the following to occur:

(i) Automatically
upon the date of death of Executive.

(ii) Upon
ten (10) days prior written notice by the Company to Executive of termination due to Disability. For purposes of this Agreement,
Disability shall mean that (A) Executive qualifies to receive long-term disability payments under the long-term disability
insurance program, as it may be amended from time to time, covering employees of the Company or any affiliate to which Executive provides
services; or (B) Executive is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration.

(iii) Immediately
upon written notice by the Company to Executive of a termination for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause
shall mean (A) conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony crime involving deceit, dishonesty or fraud (but excluding
traffic violations or similar offenses); (B) embezzlement, theft, fraud or willful misappropriation of any funds or property of the Company
or any subsidiary or any affiliate, customer or vendor of the Company or any subsidiary; (C) breach of fiduciary duty that involves personal
profit or damage to the Company or any affiliate; (D) willful misconduct in connection with Executives duties or failure to perform
Executives responsibilities as reasonably directed by the Company (other than as a result of Disability); (E) material and repeat
violation of any Company rule, regulation, procedure or policy; (F) Executives refusal to perform his duties and responsibilities
as reasonably directed by the CEO; (G) Executives use of alcohol or drugs that substantially interferes with Executives
ability to perform his duties to the Company and its affiliates; (H) any willful act or omission to act by Executive intended to harm
or damage the business, property, operations, financial condition or reputation of the Company or any of its affiliates; or (I) breach
of any provision of any written employment, non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation or other similar agreement executed by Executive
for the benefit of the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate, including Section 5; provided, that in order for Executive to be terminated
for Cause, Executive must have been given written notice detailing the specific Cause event(s) and a period of thirty (30) days following
receipt of such notice to cure such event (if susceptible to cure). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of clause (A), the Company
may terminate Executives employment for Cause without providing an opportunity to cure. For purposes hereof, an act, or a failure
to act, shall not be deemed willful or intentional, unless it is done, or omitted to be done, by Executive in bad faith or without a reasonable
belief that Executives action or omission was in the best interest of the Company. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, any action or inaction taken by Executive based upon Executives reasonable reliance on advice of counsel to the
Company or the direction of the CEO or the Board shall not form the basis for Cause. For the avoidance of doubt, Cause
does not include any failure to achieve any performance targets, whether relating to Executive, the Company, or otherwise.

3

(iv) Immediately
upon written notice by the Company to Executive of an involuntary termination of employment without Cause (other than due to death or
Disability).

(v) Upon
thirty (30) days prior written notice by Executive to the Company of Executives voluntary termination of employment without
Good Reason (as defined below) (which the Company may, in its sole discretion, make effective earlier than any notice date with payment
in lieu thereof).

(vi) Upon
written notice by Executive to the Company of a termination for Good Reason in accordance with this Section 4(a)(vi). Good Reason
shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events without Executives prior written consent: (A) material diminution in Executives
Base Salary or Target Bonus percentage, other than in connection with a reduction that applies to all similarly-situated executives, including
the CEO; (B) material diminution in Executives title, authorities, duties or responsibilities; (C) Executive is required to report
to another person other than CEO; (D) the requirement for Executive to relocate his principal place of employment, or (E) material breach
by the Company of this Agreement or other written agreement between Executive and the Company or any of its affiliates. Executive shall
provide the Company with a written notice detailing the specific circumstances alleged to constitute Good Reason within thirty (30) days
after the first occurrence of such circumstances, and the Company shall have sixty (60) days following receipt of such notice to reasonably
cure such circumstances in all material respects and the Company, fails to reasonably cure the condition within sixty (60) days of receipt
of such notice (the Cure Period). In order to resign for Good Reason, Executive must actually terminate employment
no later than thirty (30) days following the end of such Cure Period, if the Good Reason condition remains uncured.

(b) Consequences
of Termination.

(i) Upon
termination of Executives employment for any reason, the Company will pay Executive (or Executives estate, if applicable):
(A) any unpaid Base Salary through the date of termination, payable on the next normally scheduled payroll date (or earlier if required
by applicable law); (B) reimbursement for any unreimbursed expenses incurred through the date of termination, payable in accordance with
Section 3(f); (C) any accrued but unused paid time off, payable in accordance with Company policy as then in effect; and (D) any earned
but unpaid Annual Bonus for a performance period ending on or preceding the date of termination, and (E) all other vested benefits to
which Executive is entitled under the terms of any applicable compensation or employee benefit plan or program, payable in accordance
with the terms of such plan or program as then in effect.

4

(ii) If
on or before December 31, 2026, Executives employment is terminated by the Company without Cause (other than due to death or Disability)
or by Executive for Good Reason, Executive will be entitled to the following payments and benefits (collectively, the Severance),
subject to Sections 4(b)(iii) and 4(c) and continued compliance with Section 5: 

(1) An
amount equal to Executives monthly Base Salary rate as in effect on the date of termination, paid monthly for a period of six (6)
months following such termination, commencing on the first regularly scheduled pay period following the sixtieth (60th)
day following such termination; provided, however, that the first payment shall include all amounts that would otherwise have been paid
to Executive during the period beginning on the date of termination and ending on the first payment date (without interest); 

(2) The
Annual Bonus for the calendar year preceding the termination date to the extent earned but not already paid, payable at the same time
the Annual Bonus would have been paid if Executive continued to be employed by the Company;

(3) The
next tranche of the Initial Award set to vest shall immediately vest; 

(4) If
Executive is eligible for and timely elects and remains eligible for continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act (COBRA), reimbursement of Executives (and, if applicable, Executives dependents) monthly premium
for continuation coverage (at the coverage levels in effect immediately prior to Executives termination of employment) until the
earlier to occur of (x) the end of the six (6) month period following Executives termination of employment and (y) the date Executive
becomes eligible for health benefits through any arrangement sponsored by, or paid for by, a subsequent employer of Executive, regardless
of whether Executive enrolls for such coverage (Executive shall provide prompt written notice to the Company upon obtaining such eligibility,
but in no event later than ten (10) days following the initial date of such eligibility); and 

(iii) Executive
shall be eligible to participate in a change of control and severance plan to be established by USA Rare Earth, Inc. following the Effective
Date (Severance Plan). Notwithstanding Section 4(b)(ii), to the extent Executive is entitled to any severance
payments and benefits for a qualifying termination pursuant to the Severance Plan, Executive shall not be entitled to receive severance
payments and benefits under both the Severance Plan and Section 4(b)(ii) and Executive shall only be entitled to the higher severance
rights, payments and compensatory benefits provided under the Severance Plan and Section 4(b)(ii).

5

(c) Release;
Restrictive Covenants. Any and all Severance shall only be payable if Executive delivers to the Company and does not revoke a
general release of claims in favor of the Company and its affiliates and their respective employees, officers, directors, employees and
agents, in a form provided by the Company, which form may be substantially the same form as the general release of claims attached to
the Severance Plan (the Release); provided that such release shall specifically exclude: (i) any right
to the benefits, including any severance benefits, to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement; (ii) any claim relating to
directors and officers liability insurance coverage or any right of indemnification under the Companys or its affiliates
organizational documents, applicable law or otherwise or any rights under Section 6(g) hereof; (iii) any rights Executive
may have as a member or holder of equity or other securities of the Company or its affiliates; and (iv) any rights or entitlements
under a sale, purchase, merger or other transaction agreement. The Release must have become fully effective and irrevocable on or before
the sixtieth (60th) day following Executives delivery of the Release to the Company. If the Release has not been executed and delivered
and become irrevocable on or before the end of such sixty (60) day period, no Severance shall be or become payable. During such time that
Executive is receiving the Severance, if Executive breaches any of the covenants set forth in Section 5 (as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction), Executives right to receive the Severance will immediately cease and be forfeited, and any Severance previously
paid to Executive will be immediately repaid by Executive.

(d) Other
Obligations. Upon any termination of Executives employment with the Company, Executive shall promptly resign from any position
as an officer, director or fiduciary of any Company-related entity.

5. RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS.

(a) Confidentiality.
During the course of Executives employment with the Company, Executive will have access to Confidential Information. For purposes
of this Agreement, Confidential Information means all data, information, ideas, concepts, discoveries, trade secrets,
inventions (whether or not patentable or reduced to practice), innovations, improvements, know-how, developments, techniques, methods,
processes, treatments, drawings, sketches, specifications, designs, plans, patterns, models, plans and strategies, and all other confidential
or proprietary information or trade secrets in any form or medium (whether merely remembered or embodied in a tangible or intangible form
or medium) whether now or hereafter existing, relating to or arising from the past, current or potential business, activities and/or operations
of the Company or any of its affiliates, including, without limitation, any such information relating to or concerning finances, sales,
marketing, advertising, transition, promotions, pricing, personnel, customers, suppliers, vendors, and/or competitors. Subject to Sections
5(l) and 5(m) below, Executive agrees that Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, use, make available, sell, disclose or otherwise
communicate to any person, other than in the course of Executives assigned duties and for the benefit of the Company, either during
the Employment Term or at any time thereafter, any Confidential Information or other confidential or proprietary information received
from third parties subject to a duty on the Companys and its subsidiaries and affiliates part to maintain the confidentiality
of such information, and to use such information only for certain limited purposes, in each case, which shall have been obtained by Executive
during Executives employment by the Company (or any predecessor). The foregoing shall not apply to information that (i) was known
to the public prior to its disclosure to Executive; (ii) becomes generally known to the public subsequent to disclosure to Executive through
no wrongful act of Executive or any representative of Executive; (iii) the product of Executives
general knowledge, education, training and/or experience; or (iv) Executive is required to disclose by applicable law, regulation
or legal process (provided that Executive provides the Company with prior notice of the contemplated disclosure and cooperates with the
Company at its expense in seeking a protective order or other appropriate protection of such information).

6

(b) Non-solicitation.

(i) During
the Employment Term and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, Executive agrees that Executive shall not, except in the furtherance
of Executives duties hereunder, directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of any other person, firm, corporation or other
entity, solicit any individual or entity that is an established customer or supplier of the Company or any of its subsidiaries with whom
Executive had material contact or about whom Executive obtained Confidential Information during the twelve (12)-month period immediately
prior to the termination of Executives employment for any reason, to purchase goods or services then sold by the Company or any
of its subsidiaries from another person, firm, corporation or other entity, or stop supplying or purchasing, as applicable, or decrease
the amount of goods, materials or services being supplied to or purchased from the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as applicable.

(ii) During
the Employment Term and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, Executive agrees that Executive shall not, except in the furtherance
of Executives duties hereunder, directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of any other person, firm, corporation or other
entity, solicit, aid or induce any employee, consultant or individual independent contractor of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
to leave such employment or retention or to accept employment with or render services to or with any other person, firm, corporation or
other entity or hire or retain any such employee, consultant or individual independent contractor, or take any action to materially assist
or aid any other person, firm, corporation or other entity in identifying, hiring or soliciting any such employee, consultant or individual
independent contractor. Any person described in this Section 5(c)(ii) shall be deemed covered by this Section 5(c)(ii) while so employed
or retained and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions
of this section shall not be violated by (A) general advertising or solicitation not specifically targeted at Company-related persons
or entities, (B) Executive serving as a reference, upon request, for an employee, or (C) actions taken by any person or entity
with which Executive is associated if Executive is not personally involved in the matter and has not identified such Company-related person
or entity for soliciting or hiring.

(c) Non-disparagement.
Subject to Sections 5(l) and 5(m) below, Executive agrees and the Company agrees not to make or publish negative comments or otherwise
disparage the other or any of their respective affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents
or products other than in the good faith performance of their duties to the Company. The foregoing will not be violated by truthful statements
in response to legal process, required governmental testimony or filings, or administrative or arbitral proceedings (including, without
limitation, depositions in connection with such proceedings).

7

(d) Inventions.

(i) Executive
acknowledges and agrees that all ideas, methods, inventions, discoveries, improvements, work products, developments or works of authorship
(Inventions), whether patentable or unpatentable, (A) that directly relate to Executives work with the Company
or any of its affiliates, made or conceived by Executive, solely or jointly with others, during the Employment Term, or (B) suggested
by any work that Executive performs in connection with the Company or its affiliates, either while performing Executives duties
with the Company or its affiliates or on Executives own time, shall belong exclusively to the Company (or its designee), whether
or not patent applications are filed thereon. Executive will keep full and complete written records (the Records),
in the manner prescribed by the Company, of all Inventions, and will promptly disclose all Inventions completely and in writing to the
Company. The Records shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company, and Executive will surrender them upon the termination of
the Employment Term, or upon the Companys request. Executive hereby irrevocably conveys, transfers and assigns to the Company the
Inventions and all patents that may issue thereon in any and all countries, whether during or subsequent to the Employment Term, together
with the right to file, in Executives name or in the name of the Company (or its designee), applications for patents and equivalent
rights (the Applications). Executive will, at any time during and subsequent to the Employment Term, make such applications,
sign such papers, take all rightful oaths, and perform all acts as may be requested from time to time by the Company with respect to the
Inventions. Executive will also execute assignments to the Company (or its designee) of the Applications, and give the Company and its
attorneys all reasonable assistance (including the giving of testimony) to obtain the Inventions for the Companys benefit, all
without additional compensation to Executive from the Company, but entirely at the Companys expense. If the Company is unable for
any other reason to secure Executives signature on any document for this purpose, then Executive hereby irrevocably designates
and appoints the Company and its duly authorized officers and agents as Executives agent and attorney in fact, to act for and in
Executives behalf and stead to execute any documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts in connection with the foregoing.

(ii) In
addition, the Inventions will be deemed Work for Hire, as such term is defined under the copyright laws of the United States, on behalf
of the Company and Executive agrees that the Company will be the sole owner of the Inventions, and all underlying rights therein, in all
media now known or hereinafter devised, throughout the universe and in perpetuity without any further obligations to Executive. If the
Inventions, or any portion thereof, are deemed not to be Work for Hire, Executive hereby irrevocably conveys, transfers and assigns to
the Company, all rights, in all media now known or hereinafter devised, throughout the universe and in perpetuity, in and to the Inventions,
including, without limitation, all of Executives right, title and interest in the copyrights (and all renewals, revivals and extensions
thereof) to the Inventions, including, without limitation, all rights of any kind or any nature now or hereafter recognized, including,
without limitation, the unrestricted right to make modifications, adaptations and revisions to the Inventions, to exploit and allow others
to exploit the Inventions and all rights to sue at law or in equity for any infringement, or other unauthorized use or conduct in derogation
of the Inventions, known or unknown, prior to the date hereof, including, without limitation, the right to receive all proceeds and damages
therefrom. In addition, Executive hereby waives any so-called moral rights with respect to the Inventions. To the extent
that Executive has any rights in the results and proceeds of Executives service to the Company or its affiliates that cannot be
assigned in the manner described herein, Executive agrees to unconditionally waive the enforcement of such rights. Executive hereby waives
any and all currently existing and future monetary rights in and to the Inventions and all patents that may issue thereon, including,
without limitation, any rights that would otherwise accrue to Executives benefit by virtue of Executive being an employee of or
other service provider to the Company.

8

(iii) Executive
shall not improperly use for the benefit of, bring to any premises of, divulge, disclose, communicate, reveal, transfer or provide access
to, or share with the Company any confidential, proprietary or non-public information or intellectual property relating to a former employer
or other third party without the prior written permission of such third party. Executive represents and warrants that he does not possess
or own any rights in or to any confidential, proprietary or non-public information or intellectual property related to the business of
the Company. Executive shall comply with all relevant policies and guidelines of the Company regarding the protection of confidential
information and intellectual property and potential conflicts of interest, provided same are consistent with the terms of this Agreement.
Executive acknowledges that the Company may amend any such policies and guidelines from time to time, and that Executive remains at all
times bound by their most current version.

(iv) The
provisions of this Section 5(d) shall not apply to an invention or property for which no equipment, supplies, facility, or trade
secret information of the Company was used or which was developed entirely on Executives own time.

(e) Return
of Company Property. On the date of Executives termination of employment with the Company for any reason (or at any time
prior thereto at the Companys request), Executive shall return all property belonging to the Company or its affiliates (including,
but not limited to, any Company-provided laptops, computers, cell phones, wireless electronic mail devices or other equipment, or documents
and property belonging to the Company). Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executives obligation to return the Companys
property shall apply to all property that Executive is aware is in his possession or control (based upon a diligent search) and the Company
acknowledges and agrees that inadvertent or immaterial failures to return property shall not be deemed a breach hereof so long as Executive
promptly returns such property to the Company upon becoming aware that such property is in his possession or control.

(f) Reasonableness
Of Covenants. In signing this Agreement, Executive gives the Company assurance that Executive has carefully read and considered
all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the restraints imposed under this Section 5. Executive agrees that these
restraints are necessary for the reasonable and proper protection of the Company and its affiliates and their trade secrets and confidential
information and that each and every one of the restraints is reasonable in respect to subject matter, length of time and geographic area,
and that these restraints, individually or in the aggregate, will not prevent Executive from obtaining other suitable employment during
the period in which Executive is bound by the restraints. During a period of twelve (12) months following the date of termination, Executive
agrees that, before providing services, whether as an employee or consultant, to any entity Executive will provide a copy of this Agreement
(including, without limitation, this Section 5) to such entity, and the Company shall be entitled to share a copy of this Agreement (including,
without limitation, this Section 5) with such entity or any other entity to which Executive performs services. Executive acknowledges
that each of these covenants has a unique, very substantial and immeasurable value to the Company and its affiliates and that Executive
has sufficient assets and skills to provide a livelihood while such covenants remain in force. Executive further covenants that Executive
will not challenge the reasonableness or enforceability of any of the covenants set forth in this Section 5. It is also agreed that each
of the Companys affiliates will have the right to enforce all of Executives obligations to that affiliate under this Agreement
and shall be third party beneficiaries hereunder, including without limitation pursuant to this Section 5.

9

(g) Cooperation.
Upon the receipt of reasonable notice from the Company (including outside counsel), Executive agrees that during the Employment Term and
for so long as Executive is entitled to indemnification under the Companys D&O policies, Executive will respond and provide
information with regard to matters in which Executive has knowledge as a result of Executives employment with the Company, and
will provide reasonable assistance to the Company, its affiliates and their respective representatives in defense of any claims that may
be made against the Company or its affiliates, and will provide reasonable assistance to the Company and its affiliates in the prosecution
of any claims that may be made by the Company or its affiliates, to the extent that such claims may relate to the period of Executives
employment with the Company (collectively, the Claims). The Company shall reimburse Executive for all reasonable
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Executive in connection with any cooperation provided pursuant to this Section 5(h). In addition, the
Company shall pay Executive an hourly fee, in an amount determined by dividing Executives Base Salary as in effect on the date
of termination by 2,000, for services rendered by Executive in complying with this Section 6(g); provided that no such payment shall be
required by the Company under this Section 6(g) during the Employment Term. Further, the Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable
attorneys fees and costs to the extent Executive believes, in good faith, that separate legal representation is required due to
the Companys request for cooperation; provided, however, that in the event the Company requests that Executive submit invoices
associated with such legal representation to substantiate the reimbursement of reasonable attorneys fees and costs, Executive shall
be permitted to redact such legal invoices to protect and preserve attorney-client privilege. Executive agrees that while employed by
the Company and thereafter to promptly inform the Company if Executive becomes aware of any lawsuits involving Claims that may be filed
or threatened against the Company or its affiliates. Executive also agrees to promptly inform the Company (to the extent that Executive
is legally permitted to do so) if Executive is asked to assist in any investigation of the Company or its affiliates (or their actions)
or another party attempts to obtain information or documents from Executive (other than in connection with any litigation or other proceeding
in which Executive is a party-in-opposition) with respect to matters Executive believes in good faith to relate to any investigation of
the Company or its affiliates, in each case, regardless of whether a lawsuit or other proceeding has then been filed against the Company
or its affiliates with respect to such investigation, and shall not do so unless legally required. During the pendency of any litigation
or other proceeding involving Claims, Executive shall not communicate with anyone (other than Executives attorneys and tax and/or
financial advisors and except to the extent that Executive determines in good faith is necessary in connection with the performance of
Executives duties hereunder) with respect to the facts or subject matter of any pending or potential litigation or regulatory or
administrative proceeding involving the Company or any of its affiliates without giving prior written notice to the Company or the Companys
counsel.

(h) Reformation.
If it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in any state that any restriction in this Section 5 is excessive in duration
or scope or is unreasonable or unenforceable under applicable law, it is the intention of the parties that such restriction may be modified
or amended by the court to render it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law.

10

(i) Tolling.
In the event of any violation of the provisions of this Section 5, Executive acknowledges and agrees that the post-termination restrictions
contained in this Section 5 shall, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, be extended by a period of time equal to the period
of such violation, it being the intention of the parties hereto that the running of the applicable post-termination restriction period
shall be tolled during any period of such violation.

(j) Survival
Of Provisions. The obligations contained in Section 5 shall survive the termination or expiration of the Employment Term and Executives
employment with the Company and shall be fully enforceable thereafter.

(k) DTSA.
18 U.S.C. 1833(b) provides: An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade
secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that(A) is made(i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government
official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under
seal. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade
secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). Accordingly, the parties to this Agreement have the right to disclose
in confidence trade secrets to federal, state, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or
investigating a suspected violation of law. The parties also have the right to disclose trade secrets in a document filed in a lawsuit
or other proceeding, but only if the filing is made under seal and protected from public disclosure.

(l) Employee
Protections. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no provision of this Agreement will be interpreted so
as to impede Executive (or any other individual) from (i) making any disclosure of relevant and necessary information or documents in
any action, investigation, or proceeding relating to this Agreement, or as required by law or legal process, including with respect to
possible violations of law, (ii) filing a complaint or charge with any governmental agency, such as the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission or a state or local fair employment practices agency, (iii) participating, cooperating, or testifying in any action, investigation,
or proceeding with, or providing information to, any governmental agency, legislative body or any self-regulatory organization, including,
but not limited to, the Department of Justice, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Congress, and any agency Inspector General,
(iv) accepting any U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Awards, or (v) making other disclosures under the whistleblower provisions
of federal law or regulation. In addition, nothing in this Agreement or any other agreement or Company policy prohibits or restricts Executive
from initiating communications with, or responding to any inquiry from, any administrative, governmental, regulatory or supervisory authority
regarding any good faith concerns about possible violations of law or regulation. Executive does not need the prior authorization of the
Company to make any such reports or disclosures and Executive will not be required to notify the Company that such reports or disclosures
have been made.

11

(m) Equitable
Relief And Other Remedies. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Companys remedies at law for a breach or threatened
breach of any of the provisions of Section 5 would be inadequate and, in recognition of this fact, Executive agrees that, in the event
of such a breach or threatened breach, in addition to any remedies at law, the Company, without posting any bond, shall be entitled to
obtain equitable relief in the form of specific performance, a temporary restraining order, a temporary or permanent injunction or any
other equitable remedy which may then be available, without the necessity of showing actual monetary damages or the posting of a bond
or other security.

6. MISCELLANEOUS.

(a) Withholdings;
Deductions. The Company may withhold and deduct from any benefits and payments made or to be made pursuant to this Agreement all
federal, state, local and other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling.

(b) Governing
Law; Arbitration; Service Of Process; Waiver Of Jury Trial.

(i) This
Agreement, and all claims or causes of action (whether in contract, tort or statute) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to
this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement (including any claim or cause of action based upon, arising
out of or related to any representation or warranty made in or in connection with this Agreement or as an inducement to enter into this
Agreement), shall be governed by, and enforced exclusively in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Texas, including its
statutes of limitations.

(ii) Executive
and the Company agree that all claims arising out of or relating to his employment, including its termination and the interpretation of
this Agreement, and including any claims or disputes related to discrimination or harassment (to the extent permitted by applicable law),
shall be resolved exclusively by binding arbitration pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA). The dispute will
be arbitrated in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its existing Employment
Arbitration Rules which may be found at http://www.adr.org, and will be held in the State of Oklahoma. Each party in the arbitration shall
split the arbitrators fee and the arbitration expenses equally and bear his/its own attorneys fees and legal costs; provided,
however, that if any party prevails on a statutory claim which affords the prevailing party attorneys' fees and costs, the arbitrator
may award reasonable attorneys fees and costs to the prevailing party to the extent permissible by applicable law. The parties
agree to file any demand for arbitration within the time limit established by the applicable statute of limitations for the asserted claims.
Failure to demand arbitration within the prescribed time period shall result in waiver of said claims. For the avoidance of doubt, any
claim or dispute of sexual assault or sexual harassment may be pursued by Executive in arbitration pursuant to this Section 6(b)(ii) or
in an appropriate state or federal court having jurisdiction over the claim.

(iii) Each
party may be served with process in any manner permitted under Oklahoma law, or by United States registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested.

12

(iv) BY
EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES ARE WAIVING ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING
OUT OF OR BASED ON THIS AGREEMENT.

(c) Representations.
Executive represents and warrants to the Company that (i) Executive has the legal right to enter into this Agreement and to perform all
of the obligations on Executives part to be performed hereunder in accordance with its terms, and (ii) Executive is not a party
to any agreement or understanding, written or oral, and is not subject to any restriction, which, in either case, could prevent Executive
from entering into this Agreement or performing all of Executives duties and obligations hereunder.

(d) Section
409A.

(i) Although
the Company makes no guarantee with respect to the treatment of payments or benefits under this Agreement and shall not be responsible
in any event with regard to this Agreements compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the
regulations issued thereunder (Section 409A), this Agreement is intended to be exempt from, or comply with, the applicable
requirements of Section 409A and shall be limited, construed and interpreted in a manner consistent therewith.

(ii) Notwithstanding
any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, a termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any
provision of this Agreement providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits upon or following a termination of employment unless
such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision
of this Agreement, references to a termination, termination of employment or like terms shall mean separation
from service. If Executive is a specified employee, as defined in, and pursuant to, Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(i)
or any successor regulation, as determined by the Company, on the date of termination of Executives employment hereunder, any payment
or benefit that is nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A) shall be made to Executive on the date that
is the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of Executives termination of employment
or (ii) the date of Executives death (the Delay Period). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments
delayed pursuant to this Section 6(d)(ii) shall be paid or reimbursed to Executive in a lump sum and any remaining payments due under
this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. For purposes of Section
409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment.

(iii) With
regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Section
409A, (A) the right to reimbursement or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit, (B) the
amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits, provided during any taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible
for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other taxable year, provided that the foregoing clause (B) shall not be
violated without regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Internal Revenue Code Section 105(b) solely because such
expenses are subject to a limit related to the period the arrangement is in effect and (C) such payments shall be made on or before the
last day of Executives taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred.

13

(e) No
Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned by Executive. This Agreement may be assigned by the Company, without Executives
consent, to (i) any affiliate of the Company or (ii) any other successor in interest to the Companys business and assets (whether
by merger, sale of assets, contribution of assets or otherwise). This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties and their respective successors, heirs (in the case of Executive) and assigns; provided that the Company shall require any successor
to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to
perform it if no such succession had taken place. The Company is expressly permitted, without the consent of Executive, to assign this
Agreement to Pubco in which case, all references to the Company shall mean Pubco and all references to the Board shall mean Pubcos
board of directors.

(f) Notices.
For purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed
to have been duly given (i) on the date of delivery, if delivered by hand, (ii) on the date of transmission, if delivered by electronic
mail, (iii) on the first (1st) business day following the date of deposit, if delivered by guaranteed overnight delivery service,
or (iv) on the fourth (4th) business day following the date delivered or mailed by United States registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

If to the Company:

USA Rare Earth, LLC

100 W Airport Road

Stillwater, Oklahoma 74075

Attn: Chief Legal Officer

Email: legal@usare.com

If to Executive:

At the address or email address
shown on the records of the Company.

(g) Indemnification.
Without limitation of Executives other rights or entitlements, the Company shall defend and indemnify Executive against and hold
Executive harmless from any and all claims and liabilities expenses (but excluding disputes for breach of this Agreement by Executive)
asserted against Executive (or which Executive may have liability) for actions taken or omitted to be taken by Executive in good faith
and within the scope of Executives responsibilities during the Employment Term. The Company shall cause Executive to be provided
coverage under any D&O liability insurance policies that are maintained by the Company from time to time in the same manner as other
executive officers and directors of the Company are covered. The provisions of this section shall survive the termination of this Agreement
and Executives employment with the Company.

(h) Entire
Agreement. This Agreement together with all exhibits hereto sets forth the entire agreement of the parties hereto in respect of
the subject matter contained herein and supersedes any and all prior agreements or understandings between Executive and the Company with
respect to the subject matter hereof. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject
matter hereof have been made by either party which are not expressly set forth in this Agreement and any such other representations are
hereby disclaimed. Whenever in this Agreement the word including is used, it shall be deemed to be for purposes of identifying
only one or more of the possible alternatives, and the entire provision in which such word appears shall be read as if the phrase including
without limitation were actually used in the text.

14

(i) Legal
Counsel. Executive expressly acknowledges that the Company has advised Executive to consult with independent legal counsel of
his choosing to review and explain to Executive the legal effect of the terms and conditions of this Agreement prior to Executives
signing this Agreement.

(j) No
Waiver. Except for any notice required to be given under this Agreement, no failure by either the Company or Executive at any
time to give notice of any breach by the other of, or to require compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement will be
deemed a waiver of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement.

(k) Severability.
The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the
validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereto.

(l) Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will
constitute one and the same instrument.

[signature page follows]

15

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the Effective Date.

WILLIAM ROBERT STEELE JR

/s/ William Robert Steele Jr.

USA RARE EARTH, LLC

/s/ Joshua Ballard

By: Joshua Ballard

Title: Chief Executive Officer

16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250312.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.DEF
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250312_def.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL DEFINITION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250312_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Class of Stock [Axis] 

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Statement [Table] 

Statement [Line Items] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block] 

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ipxx-20250312_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Cover

Mar. 12, 2025

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Mar. 12, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41711

Entity Registrant Name USA Rare Earth, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key 0001970622

Entity Tax Identification Number 98-1720278

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 100 W Airport Road

Entity Address, City or Town Stillwater

Entity Address, State or Province OK

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 74075

City Area Code 813

Local Phone Number 867-6155

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Entity Emerging Growth Company true

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period false

Entity Information, Former Legal or Registered Name Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II

Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol USAR

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 

Title of 12(b) Security Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share

Trading Symbol USARW

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 7A

-Section B

-Subsection 2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Former Legal or Registered Name of an entity+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityInformationFormerLegalOrRegisteredName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=IPXX_CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type: 

X

- Details

Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=IPXX_WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember

Namespace Prefix: 

Data Type: na

Balance Type: 

Period Type:
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
3 
24 
1 
false 
2 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://inflectionpointacquisition.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ea0234569-8k_usarare.htm 
ipxx-20250312.xsd 
ipxx-20250312_def.xml 
ipxx-20250312_lab.xml 
ipxx-20250312_pre.xml 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>0001213900-25-024359-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>ea0234569-8k_usarare_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001970622 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

0001970622 

IPXX:CommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

0001970622 

IPXX:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfCommonStockAtExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 

2025-03-12 
2025-03-12 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001970622 
8-K 
2025-03-12 
USA Rare Earth, Inc. 
DE 
001-41711 
98-1720278 
100 W Airport Road 
Stillwater 
OK 
74075 
813 
867-6155 
Inflection Point Acquisition Corp. II 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share 
USAR 
NASDAQ 
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share 
USARW 
NASDAQ 
true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>