<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001193125-25-073495.txt : 20250404
<SEC-HEADER>0001193125-25-073495.hdr.sgml : 20250404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250404164540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-25-073495
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250403
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250404

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000354190
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSURANCE AGENTS BROKERS & SERVICES [6411]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		EIN:				362151613
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09761
		FILM NUMBER:		25815510

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2850 GOLF ROAD
		CITY:			ROLLING MEADOWS
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60008-4050
		BUSINESS PHONE:		630-773-3800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2850 GOLF ROAD
		CITY:			ROLLING MEADOWS
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60008-4050

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARTHUR J. GALLAGHER & CO.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190819

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GALLAGHER ARTHUR J & CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d813689d8k.htm
<DESCRIPTION>8-K
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?8-K

false000035419000003541902025-04-032025-04-03

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 3, 2025

ARTHUR J. GALLAGHER & CO.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 1-09761 36-2151613

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization) 

(Commission

File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification Number)

2850 W. Golf Road, Rolling Meadows, Illinois 60008-4050

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrants telephone number, including area code: (630)773-3800

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class 

Trading

Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $1.00 par value AJG New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item 1.01. 

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. 

The disclosure contained in Item 2.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 2.03. 

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. 

On April 3, 2025, Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. (the Company) entered into an amendment and restatement to its Credit Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2023 (as so amended and restated, the A&R Credit Agreement), with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, L/C issuer and swing line lender, and the other lenders and L/C issuers party thereto. The amendment and restatement, among other things, extended the maturity date of the A&R Credit Agreement from June 22, 2028 to April 3, 2030, increased the commitment from $1,700,000,000 to $2,500,000,000 (including a $75,000,000 letter of credit sub-facility and a $250,000,000 Euro swingline sub-facility) and updated the facility fee and applicable margin as determined by reference to the rating of the Companys long-term senior unsecured debt. The Company may also, upon the agreement of either one or more then-existing lenders or of additional banks not currently party to the A&R Credit Agreement, increase the commitments under the A&R Credit Agreement up to $3,000,000,000. Other material terms, including financial ratios and all-in drawn pricing, were not changed by the A&R Credit Agreement. 

The foregoing summary of the A&R Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the A&R Credit Agreement, filed herewith as Exhibit 4.1 and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01. 

Financial Statements and Exhibits. 

10.1 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2025, by and among Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., as borrower, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, L/C issuer and swing line lender, and the lenders and other L/C issuers party thereto. 

104 The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL.

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Date: April 4, 2025 Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.

/s/ WALTER D. BAY

Walter D. Bay

Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>d813689dex101.htm
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1
<TEXT>
EX-10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

Execution Version 

Published Deal CUSIP Number: 04313PAE8 

Published Revolving Credit Facility CUSIP Number: 04313PAF5 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Dated as of April 3, 2025 

among 

ARTHUR J.
GALLAGHER & CO., 

and 

CERTAIN SUBSIDIARIES 

as
the Borrowers, 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 

as Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender, 

and 

The Other Lenders and L/C
Issuers Party Hereto 

with 

BofA SECURITIES, INC., BMO CAPITAL MARKETS CORP., BARCLAYS BANK PLC, CITIBANK, 

N.A., JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. AND MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC., 

as 

Joint Lead Arrangers, Joint
Bookrunners and Syndication Agents 

and 

CAPITAL ONE, N.A., HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, LLOYDS BANK PLC, PNC 

BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, THE TORONTO DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH AND 

WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., 

as

Co-Documentation Agents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Section Page 

ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 

1.01 Defined Terms 1 

1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 27 

1.03 Accounting Terms 27 

1.04 Rounding 28 

1.05 Times of Day 28 

1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts 28 

1.07 Interest Rates; Licensing 28 

1.08 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents 28 

1.09 Additional Alternative Currencies 29 

1.10 Change of Currency 29 

ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 30 

2.01 Committed Loans 30 

2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans 30 

2.03 Letters of Credit 32 

2.04 Swing Line Loans 39 

2.05 Prepayments 41 

2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 41 

2.07 Repayment of Loans 41 

2.08 Interest 42 

2.09 Fees 42 

2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees 43 

2.11 Evidence of Debt 43 

2.12 Payments Generally; Administrative Agents Clawback 44 

2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 45 

2.14 [Reserved] 46 

2.15 Increase in Commitments 46 

2.16 Cash Collateral 47 

2.17 Defaulting Lenders 48 

2.18 Designated Borrowers 49 

ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 50 

3.01 Taxes 50 

3.02 Illegality 53 

3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 54 

3.04 Increased Costs 59 

3.05 Compensation for Losses 60 

3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 60 

3.07 Survival 61 

ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 61 

4.01 Conditions of Initial Credit Extension 61 

4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions 62 

ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 63 

5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power 63 

5.02 Subsidiaries 63 

5.03 Corporate Authority and Validity of Obligations 63 

5.04 Use of Proceeds; Margin Stock 63 

5.05 Financial Reports 64 

i 

5.06 No Material Adverse Effect 64 

5.07 Full Disclosure 64 

5.08 [Reserved] 64 

5.09 Litigation and Other Controversies 64 

5.10 Taxes 64 

5.11 Approvals 64 

5.12 Investment Company Act 65 

5.13 ERISA Compliance 65 

5.14 Compliance with Laws 65 

5.15 No Default 65 

5.16 Compliance with Sanctions Programs 65 

5.17 Outbound Investment Rules 65 

ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 66 

6.01 Financial Reports 66 

6.02 Maintenance of Business 67 

6.03 Taxes and Assessments 67 

6.04 Insurance 67 

6.05 Inspection 67 

6.06 [Reserved] 68 

6.07 Compliance with Laws 68 

6.08 No Changes in Fiscal Year 68 

6.09 Compliance with Sanctions Programs and Anti-Corruption Laws 68 

6.10 Redesignation of Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries 68 

6.11 Limitation on Unrestricted Subsidiaries 69 

6.12 Covenant to Guarantee Obligations 69 

ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 69 

7.01 Cash Flow Leverage Ratio 69 

7.02 Interest Coverage Ratio 69 

7.03 Liens 69 

7.04 Limitations on Consolidated Priority Indebtedness 71 

7.05 Fundamental Changes 71 

7.06 Change in Nature of Business 71 

7.07 Outbound Investment Rules 71 

ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 71 

8.01 Events of Default 71 

8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 73 

8.03 Application of Funds 73 

ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 74 

9.01 Appointment and Authority 74 

9.02 Rights as a Lender 74 

9.03 Exculpatory Provisions 74 

9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent 75 

9.05 Delegation of Duties 75 

9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent 75 

9.07 Non-Reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Other Lenders 77 

9.08 No Other Duties, Etc. 77 

9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 77 

9.10 Guaranty Matters 78 

9.11 Certain ERISA Matters 78 

9.12 Recovery of Erroneous Payments 79 

ii 

ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 79 

10.01 Amendments, Etc. 79 

10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication 81 

10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement 82 

10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 83 

10.05 Payments Set Aside 84 

10.06 Successors and Assigns 85 

10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 88 

10.08 Right of Setoff 89 

10.09 Interest Rate Limitation 89 

10.10 Integration; Effectiveness 89 

10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties 90 

10.12 Severability 90 

10.13 Replacement of Lenders 90 

10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 92 

10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial 91 

10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 92 

10.17 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts 92 

10.18 USA PATRIOT Act 93 

10.19 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 93 

10.20 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 93 

10.21 Judgment Currency 94 

10.22 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 94 

10.23 Amendment and Restatement 95 

iii 

SCHEDULES 

1.01 Existing Letters of Credit

2.01A Commitments and Applicable Percentages

2.01B Swing Line Commitments

2.01C Letter of Credit Commitments

5.02 Subsidiaries

10.02 Administrative Agents Office; Certain Addresses for Notices

EXHIBITS 

A Form of Committed Loan Notice

B Form of Swing Line Loan Notice

C Form of Note

D Form of Compliance Certificate

E-1 Assignment and Assumption

E-2 Form of Administrative Questionnaire

F Form of Company Guaranty

G Form of Subsidiary Guaranty

H [Reserved]

I-1 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Foreign Lenders (Not Partnerships)

I-2 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Non-U.S. Participants (Not Partnerships)

I-3 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Non-U.S. Participants (Partnerships)

I-4 Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate Foreign Lenders (Partnerships)

J Form of Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement

K Form of Designated Borrower Notice

iv 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement) is entered into as of April 3, 2025,among Arthur
J. Gallagher & Co., a Delaware corporation (the Company), certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party hereto pursuant to Section 2.18 (each, a Designated
Borrower and, together with the Company, the Borrowers and each a Borrower), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a
Lender), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, a Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and the other Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party hereto. 

The Company, certain of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2023
(as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2023, and as heretofore amended, restated, amended and restated or as otherwise modified and in effect on the date of this Agreement, the Existing
Credit Agreement). 

The Company has requested that the Lenders and the Administrative Agent amend and restate, in its entirety,
the Existing Credit Agreement upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 

In consideration of the mutual covenants and
agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree that the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

ARTICLE I. 

DEFINITIONS
AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 

1.01Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set
forth below: 

Act has the meaning specified in Section 10.18. 

Administrative Agent means Bank of America (or any of its designated branch offices or Affiliates) in its capacity as
administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 

Administrative Agents
Office means, with respect to any currency, the Administrative Agents address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 with respect to such currency, or such other address or account with respect to such
currency as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Company and the Lenders. 

Administrative
Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in substantially the form of Exhibit E-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution, or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 

Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more
intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 

Aggregate
Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. 

Agreed Currency means Dollars or any Alternative
Currency, as applicable. 

Agreement means this Credit Agreement. 

Agreement Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.23. 

1 

Alternative Currency means each of the following currencies: Euro,
Sterling, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollars, Australian Dollars and New Zealand Dollars, together with each other currency (other than Dollars) that is approved in accordance with Section 1.09; provided that for each
Alternative Currency, such requested currency is an Eligible Currency. 

Alternative Currency Daily Rate means, for any
day, with respect to any Credit Extension: 

(a) denominated in Sterling, the rate per annum equal to SONIA determined
pursuant to the definition thereof; and 

(b) denominated in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent such Loans
denominated in such currency will bear interest at a daily rate), the daily rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders
pursuant to Section 1.09(a) plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.09(a); 

provided, that, if any Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement.
Any change in an Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. 

Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of
Alternative Currency Daily Rate. All Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency. 

Alternative Currency Equivalent means, at any time, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the equivalent
amount thereof in the applicable Alternative Currency as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, by reference to Bloomberg (or such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates), to
be the exchange rate for the purchase of such Alternative Currency with Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the date two (2) Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made; provided,
however, that if no such rate is available, the Alternative Currency Equivalent shall be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, using any reasonable method of determination its
deems appropriate in its sole discretion (and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). 

Alternative
Currency Loan means an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable. 

Alternative Currency Term Rate means, for any Interest Period, with respect to any Credit Extension: 

(a) denominated in Euros (other than any Swing Line Loans), the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate
(EURIBOR), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the day that is two TARGET
Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; 

(b) denominated in
Canadian dollars, the rate per annum equal to the forward-looking term rate based on CORRA (Term CORRA), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as
may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) (in such case, the Term CORRA Rate) that is two (2) Business Days prior to Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period plus the Term
CORRA Adjustment for such Interest Period; 

(c) denominated in Japanese Yen, the rate per annum equal to the Tokyo
Interbank Offer Rate (TIBOR), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on the
Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; 

2 

(d) denominated in Australian dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Bank
Bill Swap Reference Bid Rate (BBSY), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) on
the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; 

(e) denominated in New Zealand dollars, the
rate per annum equal to the Bank Bill Reference Bid Rate (BKBM), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative
Agent from time to time) on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; 

(f) denominated in
any other Alternative Currency (to the extent such Loans denominated in such currency will bear interest at a term rate), the term rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is
approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to Section 1.09(a) plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders pursuant to
Section 1.09(a); 

provided, that, if any Alternative Currency Term Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall
be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan means a Committed Loan that bears
interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Term Rate. All Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency. 

Anti-Corruption Laws has the meaning specified in Section 5.04. 

Applicable Authority means (a) with respect to SOFR, the SOFR Administrator or any Governmental Authority having
jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or the SOFR Administrator with respect to its publication of SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity and (b) with respect to any Alternative Currency, the applicable administrator for the Relevant
Rate for such Alternative Currency or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of the applicable Relevant Rate, in each case acting in such capacity. 

Applicable Law means, as to any Person, all applicable Laws binding upon such Person or to which such a Person is subject.

Applicable Percentage means with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal
place) of the Aggregate Commitments represented by such Lenders Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17. If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the L/C
Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable
Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments and to any Lenders status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth
opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01A or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 

3 

Applicable Rate means, from time to time, the following percentages per
annum, based upon the Debt Rating as set forth below: 

Pricing Level Debt Ratings

S&P/Moodys/Fitch Facility

Fee SOFR Daily

Floating Rate

Loans, Term

SOFR
Loans,

Alternative

Currency

Loans, Swing Line

Loans and Letters

of Credit Base Rate Loans 

1 A-/A3/A-or better 0.075 % 0.800 % 0.000 % 

2 BBB+/Baa1/BBB+ 0.100 % 0.900 % 0.000 % 

3 BBB/Baa2/BBB 0.125 % 1.000 % 0.000 % 

4 BBB-/Baa3/BBB- 0.150 % 1.225 % 0.225 % 

5 BB+/Ba1/BB+ or lower 0.200 % 1.425 % 0.425 % 

Each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Debt Rating shall be effective during the
period commencing on the date the Company notifies the Administrative Agent thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of Moodys, S&P or Fitch shall change, or if
either such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Company and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of
ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the rating most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation. 

Applicable Time means, with respect to any Borrowings and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place
of settlement for such Alternative Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in
the place of payment. 

Applicant Borrower has the meaning specified in Section 2.16(a). 

Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or
(c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 

Approved Jurisdiction means the
United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and any other jurisdiction that is consented to by the Administrative Agent and all the Lenders. 

Arrangers means, collectively, BofA Securities, Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank N.A., JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A. and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., each in its capacity as joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner. 

Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the
consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E-1 or any other form
(including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. 

4 

Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet
of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Company and its
Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. 

Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to
the earliest of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06, and (c) the date of termination of the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and of
the obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02. 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 

Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the
United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 

Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 

Base Ratemeans for any day a fluctuating rate of interest per annum
equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00% and (d)
1.00%. The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of Americas costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some
loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base
Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause
(c) above. 

Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. All Base Rate Loans are only
available to U.S. Borrowers and shall be denominated in Dollars. 

Beneficial Ownership Certification means a
certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 

Beneficial Ownership
Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 

Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit
plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or
otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 

Borrower and Borrowers have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 

Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02. 

Borrowing means a Committed Borrowing. 

Business Daymeans any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day
on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agents Office is located; provided that: 

5 

(a) (x) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an
Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of
any such Alternative Currency Loan, means a Business Day which is also a TARGET Day and (y) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Swing Line Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in
Euro in respect of any such Swing Line Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Swing Line Loan, means a Business Day which is a day on which banks are open for general business in
London, England and which is also a TARGET Day; 

(b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative
Currency Loan denominated in (i) Sterling, means a day other than a day banks are closed for general business in London because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of the United Kingdom; (ii) Japanese Yen,
means a day other than when banks are closed for general business in Japan; and (iii) Canadian Dollar, means a day other than a day banks are closed for general business and foreign exchange business in Toronto, Ontario because such day is a
Saturday, Sunday or a statutory holiday; 

(c) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative
Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than, Euro, Sterling or Japanese Yen, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in the relevant currency are conducted by and between banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for such
currency; and 

(d) if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than
Euro in respect of an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan (other
than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency. 

Capital Lease means any lease of Property which, in accordance with GAAP, would be required to be capitalized on the
balance sheet of the lessee. 

Capitalized Lease Obligation means the amount of the liability shown on the balance sheet
of any Person in respect of a Capital Lease as determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Cash Collateralize means to pledge
and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of one or more of the L/C Issuers or the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of L/C Obligations, cash or
deposit account balances subject to a first priority perfected security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent or, if the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case
pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers. Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and
other credit support. 

Cash Flow Leverage Ratio means, as of any time the same is to be determined, the ratio of
(a) Funded Debt as of the last day of the most recent four fiscal quarters of the Company then ended minus Excess Cash as of the last day of the same such period to (b) EBITDA for the same most recent four fiscal quarters then
ended. 

Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or
taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or
issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for
International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a
Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 

6 

Change of Control means and includes any of the following: 

(a) any person or group (within the meaning of Sections 13(d)(2) and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended) is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the Voting Stock of the Company; or 

(b) the Company shall, at any time, cease to own, directly or indirectly, 100% of the Equity Interests of any Borrower. 

Clean Energy Subsidiarymeans (1) AJG Coal, Inc. and any permitted successor thereto, (2) each of the
direct and indirect Subsidiaries of AJG Coal, Inc. and any permitted successor thereto and (3) any Person not constituting a Subsidiary to the extent an investment in such Person is accounted for in the Net Income of a Clean Energy Subsidiary;
provided that such Clean Energy Subsidiary is principally engaged in the business of clean energy-related ventures; provided further that neither the Company nor any Restricted Subsidiary not constituting a Clean Energy Subsidiary
shall be permitted to transfer, sell, assign (including by way of merger, liquidation or dissolution) any asset or business (other than any clean energy-related assets or business) to any Clean Energy Subsidiary. 

Closing Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or
waived in accordance with Section 10.01. 

CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration
Limited. 

Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 

Collateral Account has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(o). 

Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to (a) make Committed Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to
Section 2.01 and (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 2.01A
or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. As of the Closing Date, the aggregate Commitments are
$2,500,000,000. 

Committed Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type, in
the same currency, and, in the case of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01. 

Committed Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01. 

Committed Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Committed Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Committed Loans from one
Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by the
Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Borrower. 

Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice,
certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 

Company has the meaning
specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 

Company Guaranty means the Company Guaranty made by the Company in
favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, substantially in the form of Exhibit F. 

Compliance
Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D. 

7 

Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or
any conventions associated with SOFR, SONIA or any proposed Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate, SOFR, SONIA, Term
SOFR and Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of
Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the
Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market
practice for such Agreed Currency (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such Agreed
Currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). 

Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or
that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Consolidated Indebtedness means, without duplication, all
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis eliminating intercompany items. 

Consolidated Priority Indebtedness means, without duplication, all Priority Indebtedness of the Company and its Restricted
Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis eliminating intercompany items. 

Consolidated Total Assets means, as of
the date of any determination thereof and without duplication, total assets of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP less, to the extent included therein, the Companys investment
in Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 

Consolidated Total Capitalization means, as of the date of any determination thereof and
without duplication, the sum of (a) Consolidated Indebtedness plus (b) Net Worth. 

Contractual
Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or
policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 

Controlled Group means all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades or businesses (whether or not
incorporated) that, together with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, are treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be members of the Controlled Group.

CORRA means the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average administered and published by the Bank of Canada (or any
successor administrator). 

Covered Entity has the meaning specified in Section 10.23(b). 

Credit Extension means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension. 

Credit Increase Amendment has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(g). 

8 

Debt Rating means, as of any date of determination, the rating asdetermined by S&P, Moodys or Fitch (collectively, the Debt Ratings) of the Companys non-credit-enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt; provided that if the Debt
Rating issued by each of S&P, Moodys and Fitch are (i) in three different Pricing Levels, then the middle of such Debt Ratings shall apply or (ii) any two or more Debt Ratings are in the same Pricing Level, then such Pricing
Level shall apply. If only two of S&P, Moodys or Fitch provides a Debt Rating and such Debt Ratings fall in different Pricing Levels, then the higher of such Debt Rating shall apply, unless there is a split in Debt Ratings of more than one
Pricing Level, in which case the Pricing Level that is one Pricing Level below the higher Debt Rating shall apply. If only one of S&P, Moodys or Fitch provides a Debt Rating, that such Debt Rating shall apply. If no rating is provided by
any of S&P, Moodys or Fitch, Pricing Level 5 shall apply. For purposes of clarity, Pricing Level 5 is the highest Pricing Level and Pricing Level 1 is the lowest Pricing Level. 

Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy,
assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 

Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the
passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 

Default Rate means (a) when used with respect to
Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2% per annum; provided, however, that
with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2% per
annum, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate plus 2% per annum. 

Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.17(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to
(i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company in writing that such failure is the result of
such Lenders determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay
to the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans) within two Business
Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Company, the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to
that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lenders obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lenders determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition
precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Company,
to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Company that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause
(c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Company), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law,
(ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting
Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender
with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any
contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status,
shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.17(b)) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written
notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Company, each L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 

Departing Lender has the meaning specified in Section 10.23(b). 

9 

Designated Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory
paragraph hereto. 

Designated Borrower Notice means the notice substantially in the form of Exhibit K attached
hereto. 

Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement means the notice substantially in the form of Exhibit
J attached hereto. 

Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other
disposition (in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary
of such Person), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 

Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division. 

Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing
Person) among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. 

Dollar and $ mean lawful money of the United States. 

Dollar Equivalent means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in
Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in an Alternative Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with the Alternative Currency last provided (either
by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, as applicable) by the applicable Bloomberg source (or such other publicly available source for displaying exchange rates) on the date that is two (2) Business
Days immediately preceding the date of determination (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as
applicable using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C
Issuer, as applicable, using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer pursuant to clauses (b) or (c) above shall be conclusive absent
manifest error. 

Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision
of the United States. 

EBIT means, for any period, the sum, determined on a GAAP consolidated basis, without
duplication, for the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries of Net Income for such period plus all amounts deducted in determining Net Income for such period in respect of (a) Interest Expense, (b) income and franchise taxes and
(c) to the extent also included in the corresponding calculation under the Note Purchase Agreements, the expense resulting from any change in estimated acquisition earnout payables, minus all amounts included in determining Net Income
for such period in respect of (x) earnings of Unrestricted Subsidiaries and (y) to the extent also included in the corresponding calculation under the Note Purchase Agreements, the income resulting from any change in estimated acquisition
earnout payables. 

EBITDAmeans, for any period, determined on a GAAP consolidated basis, without duplication,
for the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, the sum of EBIT for such period plus all amounts deducted in determining Net Income for such period in respect of (a) amortization, (b) depreciation,
(c) non-cash stock-based compensation expense, (d) restructuring, workforce and lease termination charges, (e) any premiums or make-whole amounts paid in connection with the early extinguishment
of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, and (f) acquisition-related professional expenses; minus any gains attributable to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money. 

10 

Solely for the purposes of calculating EBITDA for the purposes of the Cash Flow Leverage
Ratio, if during any period the Company or any Subsidiary shall have completed an acquisition, disposition, merger, consolidation, business combination or other similar transaction or has reported in its financial statements required to be delivered
hereunder any discontinued operations (as defined under GAAP), then EBITDA for such period shall be adjusted on a pro forma basis, if relevant to the computation thereof, to include or exclude, as appropriate, the EBITDA relating to such
acquisition, disposition, consolidated or merged business or entity, combined business or other similar transaction or such discontinued operations, in each case assuming that all such acquisitions dispositions, mergers, consolidations, business
combinations or other similar transactions and discontinuations had occurred on the first day of such period; provided that in the case of an acquisition, merger, consolidation, business combination or other similar transaction with a
purchase price paid at closing (as determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer), excluding any earnouts that may be payable at any time, of $50,000,000 or less, for the twelve months most recently ended (on an equal monthly basis) prior to
consummation of such transaction, the acquired entity or the acquired business shall be deemed to have EBITDA equal to the purchase price thereof divided by 8.5. Any such pro forma adjustment shall be made in good faith by a responsible
financial or accounting officer of the Company. The calculations included in the Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 shall set forth as a separate line item the net amount of any pro forma adjustments made pursuant
to this paragraph and the basis for such adjustments. The Company agrees to provide any additional information relating to such pro forma adjustment as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 

Solely for the purposes of (i) calculating EBIT and EBITDA (and the defined terms of this Agreement as used in such calculation) and
(ii) any pro forma adjustment to EBITDA as provided in this Agreement, no Clean Energy Subsidiary shall be deemed to be a Restricted Subsidiary of the Company (and each Clean Energy Subsidiary shall be excluded from the calculation of
EBITDA) if, during the relevant period, the aggregate tax credits generated by the Clean Energy Subsidiaries exceed the aggregate pre-tax losses generated by the Clean Energy Subsidiaries. 

EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country
which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution
established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 

EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative
authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Electronic Copy shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.17. 

Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15
USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 

Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements
to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iii), and (v) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii)). 

Eligible Currency means any lawful currency other than Dollars that is readily available, freely transferable and
convertible into Dollars in the international interbank market available to the Lenders or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, in such market and as to which a Dollar Equivalent may be readily calculated. If, after the designation by the Lenders or the
L/C Issuer, as applicable, of any currency as an Alternative Currency (or if, with respect to any currency that constitutes an Alternative Currency on the Closing Date, after the Closing Date), any change in currency controls or exchange regulations
or any change in the national or international financial, political or economic conditions are imposed in the country in which such currency is issued, result in, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders (in the
case of any Committed Loans to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) or the L/C Issuer (in the case of any Letter of Credit to be denominated in an Alternative Currency), (a) such currency no longer being readily available, freely transferable
and convertible into Dollars, (b) a Dollar Equivalent is no longer readily calculable with respect to such currency or (c) no longer a currency in which the Required Lenders are willing to make such Credit Extensions (each of clauses
(a), (b), and (c) a Disqualifying Event), then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and the Company, and such countrys currency shall no longer be an Alternative Currency until
such time as the Disqualifying Event(s) no longer exist(s). Within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent, the applicable Borrower shall repay all Loans in such currency to which the Disqualifying
Event applies or convert such Loans into the Dollar Equivalent of Loans in Dollars, subject to the other terms contained herein. 

11 

Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign
statutes, laws (including common law), regulations, standards, ordinances, rules, judgments, interpretations, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the
protection of human health and safety, the environment and natural resources or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems.

Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of
environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law, directly or indirectly relating to (a) any Environmental Law,
(b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the
environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit
interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or
exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other
ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of
determination. 

ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. 

STR means, in relation to any day, (a) the applicable Euro short
term rate administered by the European Central Bank (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate) displayed (before any correction, recalculation or republication by the administrator) on page STR of the Refinitiv
screen (or any replacement Refinitiv page which displays that rate) or (b) as otherwise determined pursuant to Section 3.03; provided, that if, in either case, the rate is less than zero, STR shall be deemed to
be zero. 

STR Adjustment means 0.10% (10 basis points)per annum. 

EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU
Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 

Euro and mean the single currency of the Participating Member States. 

Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01. 

Excess Cash means, as of any date the same is to be determined, 50% of cash and cash equivalents as set forth on the
consolidated balance sheet of the Company most recently delivered to the Lenders hereunder attributable to the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries (but not including the amounts set forth in the restricted cash line item of such
consolidated balance sheet, or any similar line item in the footnotes to the consolidated financial statements of the Company most recently delivered to the Lenders hereunder, attributable to the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries (or, if no
such line item appears in such consolidated balance sheet or such footnotes, amounts that would have been set forth in such line item if such consolidated financial statements were prepared in the same manner as the consolidated financial statements
delivered to the Lenders for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2024)). 

12 

Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with
respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a
result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are
Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on
the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Company under Section 10.13) or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office,
except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lenders assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender
immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipients failure to comply with Section 3.01(g) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. 

Existing Commitments has the meaning specified in Section 10.23(b). 

Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning given to such term in the introductory paragraph hereto. 

Existing Letters of Credit means the letters of credit described on Schedule 1.01. 

FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor
version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code or any
fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of the withholding of U.S. tax under such Sections of the Code. 

Federal Funds Ratemeans, for any day, the rate per annum calculated
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such days federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and
published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero
for purposes of this Agreement. 

Fee Letter means the letter agreement, dated February 13, 2025, among the
Company, the Administrative Agent and BofA Securities, Inc. 

Fitch means Fitch, Inc. and any successor thereto. 

Foreign Lender means, with respect to any Borrower (a) if such Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S.
Person, and (b) if such Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United
States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 

Foreign
Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that isnot a Domestic Subsidiary. 

FRB means the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 

Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender,
(a) with respect to any L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to
other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to any Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentage of Swing Line Loans other than Swing Line Loans as to which such
Defaulting Lenders participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof. 

13 

Fund means any Person (other than a natural Person) that is (or will be)
engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 

Funded Debt means, at any time the same is to be determined, the aggregate of all Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the
Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis at such time plus all Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other Person which is directly or indirectly guaranteed by the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or which
the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has agreed (contingently or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire or in respect of which the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has otherwise assured a creditor against loss. 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of
the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the
accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 

Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision
thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining
to government (including the Financial Conduct Authority, the Prudential Regulation Authority and any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 

Guarantee means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having
the economic effect of guaranteeing any indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or
indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in
respect of such indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of
income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such indebtedness or
other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any indebtedness or other obligation of any other
Person, whether or not such indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount
equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as
determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 

Guarantors means, collectively, the Company and each Subsidiary Guarantor. 

Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes
or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to
any Environmental Law. 

Indebtedness for Borrowed Money means for any Person (without duplication) (i) all
indebtedness created, assumed or incurred in any manner by such Person representing money borrowed (including by the issuance of debt securities), (ii) all indebtedness for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than
(a) trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business which are not more than 90 days past due and (b) obligations to make earn-out payments in cash, debt instruments or capital
stock, pursuant to acquisitions occurring prior to the date 

14 

of this Agreement or permitted under this Agreement), (iii) all indebtedness secured by any Lien upon Property of such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for the
payment of such indebtedness, (iv) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person, (v) all obligations of such Person on or with respect to letters of credit, bankers acceptances and other similar extensions of credit whether or
not representing obligations for borrowed money, excluding, in each case, indebtedness which is non-recourse to such Person and its subsidiaries, and (vi) any Guarantee of such Person with respect to
liabilities of a type described in any of clauses (i) through (v) hereof. 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes,
other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 

Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b). 

Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07. 

Interest Coverage Ratio means, as of any time the same is to be determined, the ratio of (a) EBITDA for the four
(4) fiscal quarter period of the Company most recently ended to (b) Interest Expense paid or payable in cash during the same such four (4) fiscal quarter period. 

Interest Expense means, with reference to any period, the sum of all interest charges (including imputed interest charges
with respect to Capitalized Lease Obligations and all amortization of debt discount and expense and, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any premiums or make-whole amounts paid in connection with the early extinguishment of Indebtedness for
Borrowed Money) of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP excluding incremental interest charges resulting from consolidation under FIN 46. 

Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and
December and the Maturity Date, (b) as to any Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each month and the Maturity Date and (c) as to any Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term
Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided, however, that if any Interest Period for a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan exceeds three months, the
respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall be Interest Payment Dates. 

Interest Period means as to each Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date
such Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as an Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan and ending on the date (a), in the case of Canadian Benchmark advances, one or three
months thereafter and (b) in the case of Term SOFR Loan or any other Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to availability for the interest rate applicable to the relevant currency, as
selected by the applicable Borrower in its applicable Committed Loan Notice); provided that: 

(i) any Interest
Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding
Business Day; 

(ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which
there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and 

(iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 

15 

Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or
investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of capital stock or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or
other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees indebtedness of such
other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the
amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. 

IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 

ISP means the International Standby Practices, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later
version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time). 

Issuer Documents means with respect to any Letter of
Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by any L/C Issuer and a Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of such L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. 

Judgment Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.23. 

Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines,
regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and
all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 

L/C Advance means, with respect to each Lender, such Lenders funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in
accordance with its Applicable Percentage. All L/C Advances shall be denominated in Dollars. 

L/C Borrowing means an
extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Committed Borrowing. All L/C Borrowings shall be denominated in Dollars. 

L/C Commitment means, with respect to each L/C Issuer, the commitment of such L/C Issuer to issue Letters of Credit
hereunder. The initial amount of each L/C Issuers L/C Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01C, or if an L/C Issuer has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Letter of Credit Commitment after the Closing
Date, the amount set forth for such L/C Issuer as its Letter of Credit Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. The Letter of Credit Commitment of an L/C Issuer may be modified from time to time by agreement between such
L/C Issuer and the Company, and notified to the Administrative Agent. 

L/C Credit Extension means, with respect to any
Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. 

L/C
Disbursement means a payment made by an L/C Issuer pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 

L/C Issuer means Bank of
America (through itself or through one of its designated Affiliates or branch offices), in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and each other Lender (if any) as the Company may from time to time select as an L/C Issuer hereunder
pursuant to Section 2.03; provided that such Lender has agreed to be an L/C Issuer. Any L/C Issuer may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such L/C Issuer, in
which case the term L/C Issuer shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 

L/C Obligations means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit
at such time, including any automatic or scheduled increases provided for by the terms of such Letters of Credit, determined without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could be met at that time, plus (b) the aggregate amount of
all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. The L/C Obligations of any Lender 

16 

at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total L/C Obligations at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its
terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the ISP or similar terms of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant documents have been presented but not yet honored, such
Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrowers and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the L/C Issuers
and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit. 

Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and, unless the context requires otherwise, includes
the Swing Line Lender. 

Lender Parties and Lender Recipient Parties mean, collectively, the Lenders
and the L/C Issuers. 

Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in
such Lenders Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Company and the Administrative Agent,which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or
foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 

Letter of Credit means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder providing for the payment of cash upon the honoring of
a presentation thereunder and shall include the Existing Letters of Credit and any Specified Letter of Credit. Letters of Credit may be issued in Dollars or in an Alternative Currency. 

Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the
form from time to time in use by the applicable L/C Issuer. 

Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in
Section 2.03(j). 

Letter of Credit Report means a certificate substantially in the form
approved by the Administrative Agent. 

Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement,
encumbrance, easement, right-of-way or other encumbrance on title to real property, lien (statutory or other), charge or other security interest or preferential
arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).

Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to a Borrower under Article II in the form of a Committed Loan or
a Swing Line Loan. 

Loan Documents means this Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, each Note, each
Issuer Document, each Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 of this Agreement, the Company Guaranty,
the Subsidiary Guaranty and any amendments, modifications or supplements hereto or to any other Loan Document or waivers hereof or to any other Loan Document. 

Loan Parties means, collectively, the Company andeach Designated Borrower and each Guarantor. 

Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse change in, or material adverse effect upon, the operations,
business, Property or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company or of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) a material impairment of the ability of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, to perform their obligations under this Agreement, the Notes, the Applications, or the Letters of Credit, as applicable, or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrowers
and the Guarantors, taken as a whole, of this Agreement, the Notes, the Applications, or the Letters of Credit, as applicable, or the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or the Lenders thereunder. 

17 

Material Subsidiary means each Restricted Subsidiary that is a Loan Party
or that is a significant subsidiary of the Company, as the term significant subsidiary is defined in Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC. 

Maturity Date means April 3, 2030; provided, however, thatif such date is not a Business Day,
the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. 

Maximum Rate has the meaning specified in
Section 10.09. 

Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, (i) with respect to Cash
Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances, an amount equal to 103% of the Fronting Exposure of all L/C Issuers with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time and (ii) otherwise, an amount determined by the
Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers in their sole discretion. 

Moodys means Moodys Investors Service,
Inc. and any successor thereto. 

Net Income means, for any period, the net earnings (loss) of a Person and its
Subsidiaries attributable to controlling interests for such period, determined on a GAAP consolidated basis. 

Net
Worthmeans, at any time the same is to be determined, the total shareholders equity (including capital stock, additional paid-in capital and retained earnings after deducting treasury
stock, but excluding minority interests in Subsidiaries) which would appear on the balance sheet of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP less, to the extent included therein, the
Companys investment in Unrestricted Subsidiaries. 

Non-Consenting Lender
means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 and (b) has been approved
by the Required Lenders. 

Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender
that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 

Non-Extension Notice Date has
the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b). 

Non-SOFR Successor
Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c). 

Note means a promissory note
made by the Borrowers in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C. 

Note Purchase Agreements means, collectively, the (i) Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2013, by
and among the Obligors (as defined therein), on one hand, and the Purchasers (as defined therein) listed on Schedule A thereto, on the other hand, as amended by the First Amendment thereto dated as of June 24, 2014, the Second Amendment thereto
dated as of June 2, 2016, the Third Amendment thereto dated as of June 13, 2018 and the Fourth Amendment thereto dated as of December 20, 2018 and as further amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time,
(ii) Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2014, by and among the Obligors (as defined therein), on one hand, and the Purchasers (as defined therein) listed on Schedule A thereto, on the other hand, as amended by the First
Amendment thereto dated as of June 2, 2016, the Second Amendment thereto dated as of June 13, 2018 and the Third Amendment thereto dated as of December 20, 2018 and as further amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to
time, (iii) Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2016, by and among the Obligors (as defined therein), on one hand, and the Purchasers (as defined therein) listed on Schedule A thereto, on the other hand, as amended by the First
Amendment thereto dated as of June 13, 2018 and the Second Amendment thereto dated as of December 20, 2018 and as further amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, (iv) Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement,
dated as of December 1, 2016, by and among Obligors (as defined 

18 

therein), on one hand, and the Initial Purchasers (as defined therein), PGIM, Inc. and certain other affiliates of PGIM, Inc., on the other hand, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto dated
as of July 13, 2017, the Second Amendment thereto dated as of June 13, 2018, the Third Amendment thereto dated as of December 20, 2018 and the Fourth Amendment thereto dated June 11, 2019 and as further amended, modified,
supplemented or restated from time to time, (v) Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2017, by and among the Obligors (as defined therein), on one hand, and the Purchasers (as defined therein) listed on Schedule A thereto, on the
other hand, as amended by the First Amendment thereto dated as of June 13, 2018 and the Second Amendment thereto dated as of December 20, 2018 and as further amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, (vi) Note
Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 13, 2018, by and among the Obligors (as defined therein), on one hand, and the Purchasers (as defined therein) listed on Schedule A thereto, on the other hand, as amended by the First Amendment thereto
dated as of December 20, 2018 and as further amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, (vii) Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 13, 2019, by and among the Obligors (as defined therein), on one hand, and
the Purchasers (as defined therein) listed on Schedule A thereto, on the other hand, as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time, (viii) Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2020, by and among the Obligors
(as defined therein), on one hand, and the Purchasers (as defined therein) listed on Schedule A thereto, on the other hand, as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time and (ix) Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of
February 10, 2021, by and among the Obligors (as defined therein), on one hand, and the Purchasers (as defined therein) listed on Schedule A thereto, on the other hand, as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to time. 

Notice of Additional L/C Issuer means a certificate substantially in the form approved by the Administrative Agent. 

Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising
under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including
interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and
fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. Without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations include (a) the obligation to pay principal, interest, Letter of Credit commissions, charges, expenses, fees, indemnities and other amounts payable by
any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of the Loan Parties to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in each case in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or
advance on behalf of the Loan Parties. 

OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department
of the Treasury. 

Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the charter or certificate or
articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or
articles of formation or organization and operating or limited liability agreement (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); and (c) with respect to
any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of
its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S.
jurisdiction). 

Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or
former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or
perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 

19 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary,
intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect
to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06). 

Outbound Investment Rules means the regulations administered and enforced, together with any related public guidance
issued, by the United States Treasury Department under U.S. Executive Order 14105 of August 9, 2023, or any similar law or regulation; as of the date of this Agreement, and as codified at 31 C.F.R. 850.101 et seq. 

Outstanding Amount means (i) with respect to Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans on any date, the Dollar Equivalent
of the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Committed Loans and Swing Line Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date; and (ii) with respect to any L/C
Obligations on any date, the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C
Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrowers of Unreimbursed Amounts. 

Overnight
Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers or the Swing Line
Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C
Issuers, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

Participant has the
meaning specified in Section 10.06(d). 

Participant Register has the meaning specified in
Section 10.06(d). 

Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union
that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any Person succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company,
partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 

Plan means any employee pension benefit plan covered by
Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code that (i) is maintained or contributed to by a member of the Controlled Group for employees of a member of the Controlled Group, (ii) is
maintained pursuant to a collective bargaining agreement or any other arrangement under which more than one employer makes contributions and to which a member of the Controlled Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or
has within the preceding five plan years made contributions or (iii) with respect to which a member of the Controlled Group has any liability. 

Platform means IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar, or a substantially similar electronic transmission system. 

Premium Finance Subsidiary means a Subsidiary that engages in the business of financing insurance policy premiums. 

Priority Indebtedness means, without duplication (a) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Company or a
Restricted Subsidiary secured by a Lien permitted by Section 7.03(j) and (b) any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Companys Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that there shall be excluded from any calculation of Priority
Indebtedness: (i) the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any Borrower or Guarantor (other than Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any Borrower or Guarantor secured by a Lien permitted by Section 7.03(j)), (ii) the Indebtedness for Borrowed
Money of any Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Company or a Wholly-Owned 

20 

Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, and (iii) with respect to any Person which becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of such Person
existing at the time such Person became a Restricted Subsidiary and any extension, renewal or refunding thereof, provided that such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money was not incurred in contemplation of such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary.

Property means any interest in any kind of property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, or tangible or
intangible. 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such
exemption may be amended from time to time. 

Public Lender has the meaning specified in
Section 6.02. 

Rate Determination Date means two (2) Business Days prior to the
commencement of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent; provided that, to the extent such market practice
is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then Rate Determination Date means such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent). 

Recipient means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or
on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder. 

Register has the meaning specified in
Section 10.06(c). 

Regulation U means Regulation U of the FRB, as in effect from time to time
and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 

Related Parties means, with respect to any Person,
such Persons Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors, consultants, service providers and representatives of such Person and of such Persons Affiliates. 

Relevant Rate means with respect to any Credit Extension denominated in (a) Dollars, Term SOFR or SOFR Daily Floating
Rate, (b) Sterling, SONIA, (c) Euros (other than Swing Line Loans), EURIBOR, (d) Canadian Dollars, Term CORRA, (e) Japanese Yen, TIBOR, (f) Australian Dollars, BBSY, (g) New Zealand Dollars, BKBM, and (h) Euros
(with respect to Swing Line Loans), STR, as applicable. 

Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect
to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application and (c) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan notice. 

Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing more than 50% of the Total Credit
Exposures of all Lenders at such time. The Total Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time; provided that, the amount of any participation in any Swing Line Loan and Unreimbursed
Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the Swing Line Lender or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, in making
such determination; provided further, that this definition is subject to Section 3.03. 

Rescindable Amount has the
meaning as specified in Section 2.12(b)(ii). 

Resignation Effective Date has the meaning
specified in Section 9.06(a). 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or,
with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 

21 

Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief
financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of a Loan Party (or an equivalent or comparable person in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary that is a Loan Party), and solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates
pursuant to Section 4.01, the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party (or an equivalent or comparable person in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary that is a Loan Party)and, solely for purposes of
notices given pursuant to Article II, any other officer or employee (or, in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, other person performing the relevant functions, such as a manager or director) of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any
of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee (or, in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, other person performing the relevant functions, such as a manager or director) of the applicable Loan
Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been
authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 

Restricted Subsidiary shall mean (a) any Subsidiary that is a Borrower or Guarantor and (b) any Subsidiary that
is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Committed Loan, each of the
following: (i) each date of a Borrowing of an Alternative Currency Loan, (ii) with respect to an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, each Interest Payment Date, (iii) each date of a continuation of an Alternative Currency Term Rate
Loan pursuant to Section 2.02, and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require; (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following:
(i) each date of issuance, amendment and/or extension of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of any payment by the applicable L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative
Currency and (iii) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require and (c) with respect to any Swing Line Loan, each of the following:
(i) each date of a Borrowing of a Swing Line Loan and (ii) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Swing Line Lender shall require 

Revolving Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of (i) the
aggregate amount of all Committed Loans made by such Lender, (ii) such Lenders participation in L/C Obligations and (iii) the aggregate amount of all Swing Line Loans made by such Lender. 

S&P means Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S&P Global Inc., and any
successor thereto. 

Same Day Funds means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars, immediately
available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in an Alternative Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuers, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of
disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Alternative Currency. 

Sanctioned Country means a country, region or territory that is the subject of a Sanctions Program (at the time of this
Agreement, the Crimea, so-called Donetsk Peoples Republic, so-called Luhansk Peoples Republic, and non-government
controlled areas of the Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions of Ukraine; Cuba; Iran; North Korea; and Syria). 

Sanctioned
Person means (a) a Person named on a Sanctions List, each Person owned fifty percent (50%) or more or controlled by a Person or Persons named on a Sanctions List, and each other Person that is the subject of a Sanctions Program,
(b) an agency or government of a Sanctioned Country or (c) an organization controlled directly or indirectly by a Sanctioned Country. 

Sanctions Event means the event specified in Section 6.09(b). 

22 

Sanctions Lists means, and includes, (a) the list of Specially
Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC, (b) the list of Sectoral Sanctions Identifications maintained by OFAC, (c) the list of Foreign Sanctions Evaders maintained by OFAC, and (d) any similar list maintained by
the U.S. State Department, the U.S. Department of the Treasury, or any other U.S. Governmental Authority, or maintained by a Canadian Governmental Authority, United Kingdom Governmental Authority, including His Majestys Treasury, the United
Nations Security Council, or the European Union. 

Sanctions Programs means (a) all economic, trade, and financial
sanctions programs administered by OFAC (including all laws, regulations, and Executive Orders administered by OFAC), the U.S. State Department, and any other U.S. Governmental Authority, and any and all similar United States federal laws,
regulations or Executive Orders, and (b) to the extent applicable, all similar economic, trade, and financial sanctions programs administered, enacted, or enforced by the European Union, the United Nations Security Council, or the United
Kingdom, including His Majestys Treasury. 

Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in
Section 3.03(b). 

SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental
Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 

SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as
administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator). 

SOFR Adjustment means 0.10% (10
basis points)per annum. 

SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of
SOFR, or any successor administrator of SOFR designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other Person acting as the SOFR Administrator at such time that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

SOFR Daily Floating Rate means, for any day, a fluctuating rate of interest, which can change on each Business Day, equal
to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, with a term equivalent to one (1) month beginning on that date; provided, that, if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such
determination date then the SOFR Daily Floating Rate means such Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first (1st) U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment; provided, further, that, if the SOFR
Daily Floating Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

SOFR Daily Floating
Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of SOFR Daily Floating Rate. 

SOFR
Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c). 

SONIA
means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the fifth Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source
providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time); provided however that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SONIA means such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately
prior thereto. 

Special Notice Currency means at any time an Alternative Currency, other than the currency of a country
that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development at such time located in North America or Europe. 

Specified Letters of Credit means any letter of credit issued by Bank of America, N.A. for the account of any Person that
subsequent to the date of issuance becomes a Subsidiary, which letter of credit Bank of America, N.A. and the Company have agreed to designate as a Letter of Credit hereunder effective at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary or at any time
thereafter, which designation and the effective date thereof shall have been notified to the Administrative Agent. 

23 

Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture,
limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such
power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise
specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company. 

Subsidiary Guarantors means, collectively, each Subsidiary party to the Subsidiary Guaranty. As of the Closing Date, there
are no Subsidiary Guarantors. 

Subsidiary Guaranty means the Subsidiary Guaranty to be made by any Subsidiary
Guarantors in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, substantially in the form of Exhibit G. 

Successor
Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c). 

Swap Contract means
(a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond
index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions,
cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is
governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement),
including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 

Swing Line Borrowing means a borrowing of a
Swing Line Loan pursuant to Section 2.04. 

Swing Line Commitment means as to any Lender
(a) the amount set forth opposite such Lenders name on Schedule 2.01B hereof or (b) if such Lender has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed a Swing Line Commitment after the Closing Date, the amount set
forth for such Lender as its Swing Line Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 10.06(c). 

Swing Line Lender means Bank of America (through itself or through one of its designated Affiliates or branch offices), in
its capacity as provider of Swing Line Loans hereunder, or any successor swing line lender hereunder. 

Swing Line Loan
has the meaning specified in Section 2.04(a). 

Swing Line Loan Notice means a notice of a
Swing Line Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.04(b), which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit B or such other form as approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or
electronic transmission system as shall be approve by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Borrower. 

Swing Line Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the Euro equivalent of $250,000,000 (determined in
accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement) and (b) the Aggregate Commitments. The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Commitments. 

T2 means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system. 

TARGET Day means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 

24 

Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties,
deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term CORRA Adjustment means (i) 0.29547% (29.547 basis points) for an Interest Period of
one-months duration and 0.32138% (32.138 basis points) for an Interest Period of three-months duration. 

Term SOFR means: 

(a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two
(2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term
SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period; and 

(b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen
Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such date with a term of one month commencing that day; provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR
Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such term; 

provided that if the Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would
otherwise be less than zero, the Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

Term SOFR Loan means a
Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 

Term SOFR Screen
Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source
providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). 

Total Credit Exposure
means, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Lender at such time. 

Total
Outstandings means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations as of such date. 

Type means, with respect to a Committed Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, a SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loan, a Term
SOFR Loan, an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan. 

UK Financial Institution
means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from
time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for
the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 

Unfunded Vested Liabilitiesmeans, for any Plan at any time,
the amount (if any) by which the present value of all vested nonforfeitable accrued benefits under such Plan exceeds the fair market value of all Plan assets allocable to such benefits, all determined as of the then most recent valuation date for
such Plan. 

25 

United States and U.S. mean the United States of
America. 

Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(f). 

Unrestricted Subsidiaryshall mean any Premium Finance Subsidiary that is (a) existing on the Closing Date and
identified as a Premium Finance Subsidiary on Schedule 5.02 hereto, (b) newly formed or acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary on or after the Closing Date, (c) created in connection with a reorganization of a Premium Finance
Subsidiary on or after the Closing Date and that is a successor to any portion of such Premium Finance Subsidiarys business, other than a Borrower or a Guarantor, that (i) the Company has designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary on the
Closing Date or within 30 days of the date of acquisition or formation of such Premium Finance Subsidiary by the Company or any Subsidiary (or, if later, within 30 days of the date such Subsidiary becomes a Premium Finance Subsidiary) or
(ii) has been designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.10 hereof or (d) an Unrestricted Subsidiary in any Note Purchase Agreement and has been designated as an Unrestricted
Subsidiary in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.10 hereof. 

U.S. Borrower means any Borrower that is
organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 

U.S. Government Securities
Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because
such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. 

U.S. Person means (i) with respect to the Outbound Investment Rules, any United States citizen, lawful permanent
resident, entity organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States, including any foreign branch of any such entity, or any person in the United States or (ii) otherwise, any Person that is a
United States Person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(g)(ii)(B)(III). 

Voting Stock means,
with respect to any Person, the capital stock of any class or classes or other equity interests (however designated) having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or similar governing body of such Person, other than stock or other
equity interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency. 

Welfare Plan means a
welfare plan, as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA. 

Wholly-Owned means, with respect to any
Subsidiary, a Subsidiary of which all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock (other than directors qualifying shares as required by law) or other equity interests are owned by the Company and/or one or more Wholly-Owned
Subsidiaries of the Company within the meaning of this definition. 

Withholding Agent means any Borrower and the
Administrative Agent. 

Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority,
the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described
in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation
to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that
person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 

26 

1.02Other Interpretive Provisions. With reference to this Agreement and each
other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: 

(a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply
equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and
including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the
context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to
time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include
such Persons successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto, herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be
construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of,
and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference
to any law, rule or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be
construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 

(b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means
from and including; the words to and until each mean to but excluding; and the word through means to and including. 

(c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the
interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(d) Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation,
consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a
division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability
company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 

1.03Accounting Terms. 

(a) Generally. All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all
financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a
manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the
computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825on financial
liabilities shall be disregarded. 

(b) Changes in GAAP. If at any time any change in GAAPwould affect the computation of
any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Company or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Company shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or
requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders); provided that, until so amended, (A) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in
accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (B) the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting
forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP. 

27 

1.04Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Company
pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down
to the nearest number (rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 

1.05Times of
Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 

1.06Letter of Credit Amounts.Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be
deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related
thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such
increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 

1.07Interest Rates; Licensing. 

(a) The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect
to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment)
that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The
Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any
Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its
reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant
to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or
expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such
information source or service. 

(b) By agreeing to make Loans under this Agreement, each Lender is confirming it has all licenses, permits
and approvals necessary for use of the reference rates referred to herein as provided for in this Agreement and it will comply with, preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect such licenses, permits and approvals for use of such rates under
this Agreement. 

1.08Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents. 

(a) The Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Credit Extensions and
Outstanding Amounts denominated in Alternative Currencies. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amounts until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of
financial statements delivered by Loan Parties hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such
Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, as applicable. 

28 

(b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Borrowing, conversion, continuation or
prepayment of an Alternative Currency Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Borrowing, Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated
in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the
Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, as the case may be. 

1.09Additional Alternative Currencies. 

(a) The Company may from time to time request that Alternative Currency Loans be made and/or Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other
than those specifically listed in the definition of Alternative Currency; provided that such requested currency is an Eligible Currency. In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Alternative Currency Loans,
such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in their reasonable discretion; and in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to the
approval of the Administrative Agent and any L/C Issuer, in their reasonable discretion. 

(b) Any such request shall be made to the
Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m., fifteen (15) Business Days prior to the date of the desired Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and, in the case of any such request
pertaining to Letters of Credit, the L/C Issuer, in its or their sole discretion). In the case of any such request pertaining to Alternative Currency Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender thereof; and in the case of any
such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the applicable L/C Issuers thereof. Each Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to Alternative Currency Loans) or each L/C Issuer (in the case
of a request pertaining to Letters of Credit) shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11:00 a.m., seven (7) Business Days after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Alternative
Currency Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit, as the case may be, in such requested currency. 

(c) Any failure by a Lender or a L/C
Issuer, as the case may be, to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to permit Alternative Currency Loans to be made
or Letters of Credit to be issued in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and all the Lenders consent to making Alternative Currency Loans in such requested currency and the Administrative Agent and such Lenders reasonably determine
that an appropriate interest rate is available to be used for such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Company and (i) the Administrative Agent and such Lenders may amend the definition of Alternative Currency Daily
Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate to the extent necessary to add the applicable rate for such currency and any applicable adjustment for such rate and (ii) to the extent the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative
Currency Term Rate, as applicable, has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency for purposes of any Borrowings of Alternative Currency
Loans. If the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Company and (i) the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers may amend
the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, to the extent necessary to add the applicable rate for such currency and any applicable adjustment for such rate and (ii) to the extent the
definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative
Currency, for purposes of any Letter of Credit issuances. If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.09, the Administrative Agent shall promptly
so notify the Company. Any specified currency of an Existing Letter of Credit or a Specified Letter of Credit that is neither Dollars nor one of the Alternative Currencies specifically listed in the definition of Alternative Currency
shall be deemed an Alternative Currency with respect to such Existing Letter of Credit or Specified Letter of Credit only. 

1.10 Change
of Currency. 

(a) Each obligation of the Borrowers to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of
the European Union that adopts the Euro as its lawful currency after the Closing Date shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption. If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed
in this Agreement in respect of that currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or
practice with effect from the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as its lawful currency; provided that, if any Borrowing in the currency of such member state is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall
take effect, with respect to such Borrowing, at the end of the then current Interest Period. 

29 

(b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of
construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro. 

(c) Each provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from
time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency. 

ARTICLE II. 

THE
COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 

2.01Committed Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each
Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a Committed Loan) in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies to any Borrower from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate
amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lenders Commitment; provided, however, that after giving effect to any Committed Borrowing, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate
Commitments and (ii) subject to the immediately succeeding proviso solely with respect to the Swing Line Lender, the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lenders Commitment; provided that, if there are any
Swing Line Loans outstanding on the date on which any Committed Loan is otherwise required to be made, then, unless the Swing Line Lender agrees otherwise in its sole and absolute discretion, the Borrower shall be required to prepay such outstanding
Swing Line Loans in accordance with this Agreement to the extent necessary so that, immediately after giving effect to the making of such Committed Loan and the prepayment of such Swing Line Loans, the Revolving Credit Exposure of the Swing Line
Lender does not exceed the Swing Line Lenders Commitment. Within the limits of each Lenders Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.01,
prepay under Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.01. Committed Loans may be Base Rate Loans, SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans, Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative
Currency Term Rate Loans, as further provided herein. 

2.02Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans.

(a) Each Committed Borrowing, each conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of a Term SOFR Loan or
Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan shall be made upon the applicable Borrowers irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Committed Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic
notice must be confirmed immediately by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Committed Loan Notice. Each such Committed Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. (i) in the case of Term SOFR Loans,
two Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing, continuation of or conversion to Term SOFR Loans or of any conversion of Term SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans, (ii) in the case of Alternative Currency Loans, 1:00 p.m. three
Business Days (or four Business Days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the requested date of any Borrowing or, in the case of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, any continuation, and (iii) on the requested date of any
Borrowing of SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans or Base Rate Loans. Each Borrowing of, continuation of or conversion to Term SOFR Loans or SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans and each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Alternative Currency Loans
shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of $1,000,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Sections 2.03(f), each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans
shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of $500,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of $100,000 in excess thereof. Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the applicable Borrower is requesting a
Committed Borrowing, a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may
be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the currency and principal amount of Committed Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Committed Loans to be borrowed or to 

30 

which existing Committed Loans are to be converted, (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto, and (vi) if applicable, the Designated Borrower
requesting the Borrowing. If the Company fails to specify a currency in a Committed Loan Notice requesting a Borrowing, then the Loans so requested shall be made in Dollars. If the applicable Borrower fails to specify a Type of Committed Loan in a
Committed Loan Notice or if such Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Committed Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans; provided, however, that in the
case of a failure to timely request a continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, such Committed Loans shall be continued as Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans in their original currency with an Interest Period of one (1) month. If
the applicable Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have
specified an Interest Period of one month. Except as provided pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and 3.03, no Committed Loan may be converted into or continued as a Committed Loan denominated in a different currency, but instead
must be repaid in the original currency of such Committed Loan and reborrowed in the other currency. 

(b) Following receipt of a Committed
Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount and currency of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Committed Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the applicable
Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Committed
Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Committed Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agents Office for the applicable currency not later than 3:00 p.m., in the case of Committed Loans
denominated in Dollars, and not later than the Applicable Time in the case of any Committed Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, in each case, on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the
applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the
applicable Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of such Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case
in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by such Borrower; provided, however, that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing denominated in
Dollars is given by such Borrower, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Borrowing, first, shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and second, shall be made available to such
Borrower as provided above. 

(c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan may be
continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Term SOFR Loan Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Committed Loans may be requested as, continued as or converted to Term SOFR Loans,
SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans, Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as applicable, without the consent of the Required Lenders. 

(d) After giving effect to all Committed Borrowings and all continuations of Committed Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than
ten Interest Periods in effect with respect to Committed Loans. 

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any
Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism
approved by the Company, the Administrative Agent, and such Lender. 

(f) With respect to any Alternative Currency Daily Rate, Term SOFR or
SOFR, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such
Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post
each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Company and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

31 

2.03 Letters of Credit. 

(a) General. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in addition to the Loans provided for in
Section 2.01, the Company may request any L/C Issuer, in reliance on the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03, to issue, at any time and from time to time during the
Availability Period, Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency for its own account or the account of any of its Subsidiaries in such form as is acceptable to such L/C Issuer in its reasonable determination. Letters of
Credit issued hereunder shall constitute utilization of the Commitments; provided, that, any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be issued by Bank of America in its capacity as an L/C Issuer. 

(b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension, Reinstatement or Renewal. To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment
of the terms and conditions, extension of the terms and conditions, extension of the expiration date, or reinstatement of amounts paid, or renewal of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the applicable Borrower shall deliver (or transmit by electronic
communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable L/C Issuer) to an L/C Issuer and to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least two Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative
Agent and such L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of
Credit to be amended, extended, reinstated or renewed, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with
Section 2.03(d)), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof, the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare,
amend, extend, reinstate or renew such Letter of Credit. If requested by the applicable L/C Issuer, the applicable Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application and reimbursement agreement on such L/C Issuers standard form in
connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application and reimbursement agreement or other
agreement submitted by the applicable Borrower to, or entered into by such Borrower with, an L/C Issuer relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. 

(c) Limitations on Amounts, Issuance and Amendment. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, extended, reinstated or renewed only
if (and upon issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of each Letter of Credit the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or
renewal (i) unless otherwise agreed by any L/C Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, the aggregate amount of the outstanding Letters of Credit issued by any L/C Issuer shall not exceed its L/C Commitment, (ii) subject to the
immediately succeeding proviso solely with respect to the Swing Line Lender, the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed its Commitment and (iii) the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures shall not exceed the total
Commitments; provided that, if there are any Swing Line Loans outstanding on the date on which any Letter of Credit is otherwise required to be issued, amended, extended, reinstated or renewed, then, unless the Swing Line Lender agrees
otherwise in its sole and absolute discretion, the Borrower shall be required to prepay such outstanding Swing Line Loans in accordance with this Agreement to the extent necessary so that, immediately after giving effect to the issuance, amendment,
extension, reinstatement or renewal of such Letter of Credit and the prepayment of such Swing Line Loans, the Revolving Credit Exposure of the Swing Line Lender does not exceed the Swing Line Lenders Commitment. 

(i) No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: 

(A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain
such L/C Issuer from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L/C Issuer shall prohibit,
or request that such L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement
(for which such L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which such L/C Issuer
in good faith deems material to it; 

32 

(B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies
of such L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally; 

(C) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent
and such L/C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than $500,000; or 

(D) any Lender is at that
time a Defaulting Lender, unless such L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to such L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Borrowers or such Lender to eliminate such L/C Issuers
actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv)) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all
other L/C Obligations as to which such L/C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion. 

(ii) No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) such L/C Issuer would have no
obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to the Letter of Credit. 

(d) Expiration Date. Each Letter of Credit shall have a stated expiration date no later than the earlier of (i) the date twelve
months after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any extension of the expiration date thereof, whether automatic or by amendment, twelve months after the then-current
expiration date of such Letter of Credit) and (ii) the date that is 365 days after the Maturity Date; provided that with respect to any Letter of Credit with an expiration date that is later than the Maturity Date, the applicable
Borrower shall deposit into the Collateral Account, no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date, Cash Collateral in the Dollar Equivalent of (A) in the case of any Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars, the full
amount and (B) in the case of any Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, 103% of the full amount, in each case, then available for drawing under such Letter of Credit. Any such Cash Collateral required by this
Section 2.03(d) shall be held by the Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Section 2.03(o) hereof. 

(e)
Participations. (i) By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount or extending the expiration date thereof), and without any further action on the part of the applicable L/C Issuer or
the Lenders, such L/C Issuer hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from such L/C Issuer, a participation in such Letter of Credit, including any Existing Letters of Credit or Specified Letters of Credit, equal to such
Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this
Section 2.03(e)(i) in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of any
Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments. 

(ii) In
consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent in Dollars, for account of the applicable L/C Issuer, such Lenders Applicable
Percentage of each L/C Disbursement made by an L/C Issuer (expressed in Dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof) not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the notice provided by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders
pursuant to Section 2.03(f) until such L/C Disbursement is reimbursed by the applicable Borrower or at any time after any reimbursement payment is required to be refunded to such Borrower for any reason, including after the
Maturity Date. Such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each such payment shall be made in the same manner as provided in Section 2.02 with respect to Loans made by such
Lender (and Section 2.02 shall apply, mutatismutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable L/C Issuer the amounts so received by it
from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the applicable Borrower pursuant to Section 2.03(f), the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable L/C
Issuer or, to the extent that the Lenders have made payments pursuant to this Section 2.03(e) to reimburse such L/C Issuer, then to such Lenders and such L/C Issuer as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a
Lender pursuant to this Section 2.03(e) to reimburse an L/C Issuer for any L/C Disbursement shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the applicable Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such L/C Disbursement.

33 

Each Lender further acknowledges and agrees that its participation in each Letter of Credit
will be automatically adjusted to reflect such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at each time such Lenders Commitment is amended pursuant to the operation of
Section 2.15, as a result of an assignment in accordance with Section 10.06 or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement. 

(f) Reimbursement. If an L/C Issuer shall make any L/C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the applicable Borrower shall
reimburse such L/C Issuer in respect of such L/C Disbursement in the currency in which such L/C Disbursement was made (or, if requested by such L/C Issuer, in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such L/C Disbursement) by paying to the
Administrative Agent an amount equal to such L/C Disbursement not later than 12:00 noon on (i) the Business Day that such Borrower receives notice of such L/C Disbursement, if such notice is received prior to 10:00 a.m. or
(ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that such Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time, provided that, if such L/C Disbursement is not less than $1,000,000, such Borrower may,
subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.02 that such payment be financed with a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such L/C
Disbursement and, to the extent so financed, such Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. If the applicable Borrower fails to make such payment when due, the
Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the Dollar Equivalent of the applicable L/C Disbursement, the payment then due from such Borrower in respect thereof (the Unreimbursed Amount) and such Lenders Applicable
Percentage thereof. 

(g) Obligations Absolute. The applicable Borrowers obligation to reimburse L/C Disbursements as provided
in Section 2.03(f) shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of: 

(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit, or any term or
provision herein or therein; 

(ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that any
Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), any L/C Issuer or any other Person, whether in
connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; 

(iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent,
invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement in such draft or other document being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such
Letter of Credit; 

(iv) waiver by any L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists for such L/C Issuers protection and
not the protection of any Borrower or any waiver by such L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice any Borrower; 

(v) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit required that demand be in the form of
a draft; 

(vi) any payment made by any L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date
specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC or the ISP, as applicable; 

34 

(vii) payment by the applicable L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit against
presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply strictly with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by any L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter
of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; 

(viii) any other event or
circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.03, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, any
Borrowers obligations hereunder; or 

(ix) any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of
the relevant Alternative Currency to the Company or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally. 

The applicable Borrower
shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with such Borrowers instructions or other irregularity, such Borrower will immediately
notify the applicable L/C Issuer. The applicable Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against each L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 

None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, any L/C Issuer, or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by
reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit by the applicable L/C Issuer or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence),
or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in
interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the applicable L/C Issuer; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse an L/C Issuer from liability to
any Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by each Borrower to the extent permitted by Applicable Law) suffered by such Borrower that are caused by such L/C
Issuers failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful
misconduct on the part of an L/C Issuer (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), an L/C Issuer shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination, and that: 

(i) an L/C Issuer may replace a purportedly lost, stolen, or destroyed original Letter of Credit or missing amendment thereto
with a certified true copy marked as such or waive a requirement for its presentation; 

(ii) an L/C Issuer may accept
documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and may make payment upon
presentation of documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit and without regard to any non-documentary condition in such Letter of Credit; 

(iii) an L/C Issuer shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to decline to accept such documents and to make such payment
if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit; and 

(iv) this sentence shall
establish the standard of care to be exercised by an L/C Issuer when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof (and the parties hereto hereby waive, to the extent permitted by
Applicable Law, any standard of care inconsistent with the foregoing). 

Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Administrative Agent,
the Lenders, any L/C Issuer, or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of (A) any presentation that includes forged or fraudulent documents or that is otherwise affected by the fraudulent, bad faith or
illegal conduct of the beneficiary or other Person, (B) an L/C Issuer declining to take-up documents and make payment (1) against documents that are 

35 

fraudulent, forged, or for other reasons by which that it is entitled not to honor or (2) following a Borrowers waiver of discrepancies with respect to such documents or request for
honor of such documents or (C) an L/C Issuer retaining proceeds of a Letter of Credit based on an apparently applicable attachment order, blocking regulation, or third-party claim notified to such L/C Issuer. 

(h) Applicability of ISP; Limitation of Liability.Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable L/C Issuer and the
applicable Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued by it (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit or Specified Letter of Credit), the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no L/C Issuer shall be responsible to any Borrower for, and no L/C Issuers rights and remedies against a Borrower shall be impaired by, any action or inaction of any L/C Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or
practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where any L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP, or in the decisions,
opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and TradeInternational Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking
Law & Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. 

(i) Role of L/C Issuer.Each L/C
Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and each L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in
Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the
term Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included such L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to such L/C Issuer. 

(j) Letter of Credit Fees. The applicable Borrower (or the Company) shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each
Lender in accordance, subject to Section 2.17, with its Applicable Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee) equal to the Applicable Rate times the Dollar Equivalent of the daily
amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with
Section 1.06. Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of
such Letter of Credit, on the Maturity Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each standby
Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the
Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate. 

(k) Fronting Fee and
Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuers.The applicable Borrower (or the Company) shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee at the rate per annum equal to 0.125% per annum,
computed on the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears. Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June,
September and December in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Maturity Date and
thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with
Section 1.06. In addition, the applicable Borrower (or the Company) shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees,
and other standard costs and charges, of such L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such documented customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. 

(l) Disbursement Procedures. The L/C Issuer for any Letter of Credit shall, within the time allowed by applicable Laws or the specific
terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter of Credit. Such L/C Issuer shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and
the applicable Borrower in writing of such demand for payment if such L/C Issuer has made or will make an L/C Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve such Borrower of its
obligation to reimburse such L/C Issuer and the Lenders with respect to any such L/C Disbursement. 

36 

(m) Interim Interest. If the L/C Issuer for any Letter of Credit shall make any L/C
Disbursement, then, unless the applicable Borrower shall reimburse such L/C Disbursement in full on the date such L/C Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such L/C Disbursement
is made to but excluding the date that such Borrower reimburses such L/C Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to Base Rate Loans; provided that if such Borrower fails to reimburse such L/C Disbursement when due pursuant to
clause (f) of this Section 2.03, then Section 2.08(b) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this clause (m) shall be for account of such L/C Issuer, except that interest accrued on
and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to clause (f) of this Section 2.03 to reimburse such L/C Issuer shall be for account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 

(n) Replacement of any L/C Issuer. Any L/C Issuer may be replaced at any time by written agreement between the applicable Borrower, the
Administrative Agent, the replaced L/C Issuer and the successor L/C Issuer. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an L/C Issuer. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the applicable Borrower
shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(j). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor L/C Issuer shall have all the
rights and obligations of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued by it thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term L/C Issuer shall be deemed to include such successor or any previous
L/C Issuer, or such successor and all previous L/C Issuer, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an L/C Issuer hereunder, the replaced L/C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations
of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 

(o) Cash Collateralization. If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the applicable Borrower
receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with L/C Obligations representing at least 66-2/3% of the total L/C
Obligations) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this clause (o), such Borrower shall immediately deposit into an account established and maintained on the books and records of the Administrative Agent (the Collateral
Account) an amount in cash equal to 103% of the total L/C Obligations as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective
immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to such Borrower described in clause (f) of
Section 8.01. Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the applicable Borrower under this Agreement. In addition, and without limiting the
foregoing or clause (d) of this Section 2.03, if any L/C Obligations remain outstanding after the expiration date specified in said clause (d), the applicable Borrower shall immediately deposit into the Collateral
Account an amount in cash equal to 103% of such L/C Obligations as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon. 

The
Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the Collateral Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the
option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the applicable Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in the Collateral Account. Moneys
in the Collateral Account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse each L/C Issuer for L/C Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed, together with related fees, costs, and customary processing charges, and, to the extent
not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the applicable Borrower for the L/C Obligations at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with L/C
Obligations representing 66-2/3% of the total L/C Obligations), be applied to satisfy other obligations of such Borrower under this Agreement. If the applicable Borrower is required to provide an amount of
cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to such Borrower within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived.

37 

If a Borrower shall have provided Cash Collateral in connection with a Letter of Credit with
a stated expiration date after the Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.03(d) above and such Letter of Credit no longer remains outstanding, then the Administrative Agent shall repay to the Company for the benefit of the applicable Borrower any
remaining amounts held in the Collateral Account within five (5) Business Days. The obligations of the Administrative Agent under this Section 2.03(o) shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other
Obligations hereunder.

(p) L/C Issuer Reports to the Administrative Agent.
Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer shall, in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section 2.03, provide the Administrative Agent a Letter of Credit Report,
as set forth below: 

(i) reasonably prior to the time that such L/C Issuer issues, amends, renews, increases or extends a
Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal, increase or extension and the stated amount of the applicable Letters of Credit after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (and whether the amounts thereof
shall have changed); 

(ii) on each Business Day on which such L/C Issuer makes a payment pursuant to a Letter of Credit,
the date and amount of such payment; 

(iii) on any Business Day on which a Borrower fails to reimburse a payment made
pursuant to a Letter of Credit required to be reimbursed to such L/C Issuer on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such payment; 

(iv) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters
of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer; and 

(v) for so long as any Letter of Credit issued by an L/C Issuer is outstanding,
such L/C Issuer shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (A) on the last Business Day of each calendar month, (B) at all other times a Letter of Credit Report is required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement, and (C) on each
date that (1) an L/C Credit Extension occurs or (2) there is any expiration, cancellation and/or disbursement, in each case, with respect to any such Letter of Credit, a Letter of Credit Report appropriately completed with the information
for every outstanding Letter of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer. 

(q) Additional L/C Issuers. Any Lender hereunder may become an
L/C Issuer upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of a fully executed Notice of Additional L/C Issuer which shall be signed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer. Such new L/C Issuer shall provide its L/C
Commitment in such Notice of Additional L/C Issuer and upon the receipt by the Administrative Agent of the fully executed Notice of Additional L/C Issuer, the defined term L/C Commitment shall be deemed amended to incorporate the L/C Commitment of
such new L/C Issuer. 

(r) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding
hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the applicable Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter
of Credit as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of a Borrower. Each Borrower irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of
such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. Each Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of such Borrower, and that such Borrowers business derives
substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries. 

(s) Conflict with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict
between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. 

38 

2.04Swing Line Loans. 

(a) The Swing Line. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swing Line Lender, in reliance upon the agreements of the
other Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04, shall make loans (each such loan, a Swing Line Loan) to the Company from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed at
any time outstanding the amount of the Swing Line Sublimit; provided, however, that (x) immediately after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (i) the Total Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments, and
(ii) unless otherwise agreed by the Swing Line Lender in its sole and absolute discretion, the Revolving Credit Exposure of the Swing Line Lender shall not exceed such Lenders Commitment, (y) the Company shall not use the proceeds of
any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan, and (z) the Swing Line Lender shall not be under any obligation to make any Swing Line Loan if it shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent
manifest error) that it has, or by such Credit Extension may have, Fronting Exposure. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Company may borrow under this Section 2.04, prepay under
Section 2.05, and reborrow under this Section 2.04. Each Swing Line Loan shall be denominated in Euros. Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to,
purchase from the applicable Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Lenders Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Swing Line Loan. 

(b) Borrowing Procedures. Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the Companys irrevocable notice to the Swing Line Lender
and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) by a Swing Line Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent
of a Swing Line Loan Notice. Each such Swing Line Loan Notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. two Business Days prior to the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the
amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of 100,000, and (ii) the requested borrowing date, which shall be a Business Day. Promptly after receipt by the Swing Line Lender of any Swing Line Loan Notice, the Swing Line Lender will
confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, the Swing Line Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of
the contents thereof. Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Lender) prior to 1:00 p.m. Greenwich Mean Time on the date of the proposed Swing Line
Borrowing (A) directing the Swing Line Lender not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the first proviso to the first sentence of Section 2.04(a), or (B) that one or more of the
applicable conditions specified in Article IV is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Swing Line Lender will, not later than 2:00 p.m. Greenwich Mean Time on the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line
Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Company. 

(c) Refinancing of Swing Line Loans. 

(i) The Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole discretion may request, on behalf of the Company (which hereby irrevocably
authorizes the Swing Line Lender to so request on its behalf), that each Lender make a Loan denominated in Euros in an amount equal to such Lenders Applicable Percentage of the amount of Swing Line Loans then outstanding. Such request shall be
made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.02, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified
therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. The Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Company with a
copy of the applicable Committed Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice available to
the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral available with respect to the applicable Swing Line Loan) for the account of the Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agents Office for
Euro-denominated payments not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day specified in such Committed Loan Notice, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii), each Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Loan
denominated in Euros to the Company in such amount. The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Swing Line Lender. 

39 

(ii) If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a
Committed Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i), the request for Base Rate Loans submitted by the Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swing Line Lender that
each of the Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Lenders payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender pursuant to
Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 

(iii)
If any Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04(c) by the
time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i), the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period
from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect and a rate determined by
the Swing Line Lender in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Swing Line Lender in connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such
amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Lenders Committed Loan included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be. A
certificate of the Swing Line Lender submitted to any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(iv) Each Lenders obligation to make Committed Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swing Line Loans
pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have
against the Swing Line Lender, the Company or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing;
provided, however, that each Lenders obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. No such funding
of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Company to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 

(d) Repayment of Participations. 

(i) At any time after any Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the Swing Line Lender
receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, the Swing Line Lender will distribute to such Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the Swing Line Lender. 

(ii) If any payment received by the Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan is required to
be returned by the Swing Line Lender under any of the circumstances described in Section 10.05 (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Lender shall pay to the
Swing Line Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time
to time in effect. The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of the Swing Line Lender. The obligations of the Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

(e) Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender. The Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Company for interest
on the Swing Line Loans. Until each Lender funds its Base Rate Loan or risk participation pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such Lenders Applicable Percentage of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of
such Applicable Percentage shall be solely for the account of the Swing Line Lender. 

(f) Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender.
The Company shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans directly to the Swing Line Lender. 

40 

2.05 Prepayments. 

(a) Each Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Committed Loans in whole
or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be in a form acceptable to the Administrative Agent and be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. (A) three Business Days prior to any date of
prepayment of Term SOFR Loans, (B) four Business Days (or five Business Days, in the case of prepayment of Loans denominated in Special Notice Currencies) prior to any date of prepayment of any Alternative Currency Loans, (C) one Business
Day prior to the date of prepayment of SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans, and (D) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Term SOFR Loans, SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Loans shall be in a
principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of $5,000,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of
$100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date, amount and currency of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Committed Loans to be prepaid, and if Term
SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lenders
Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by a Borrower, such Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of any
Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05. Subject to
Section 2.17, each such prepayment shall be applied to the Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. 

(b) The Company may, upon notice to the Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to time,
voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that such notice must be in a form acceptable to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent and unless otherwise agreed by the Swing Line
Lender, (i) such notice must be received by the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. Greenwich Mean Time on the date of the prepayment, and (ii) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount
of 100,000. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Company, the Company shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the
date specified therein. 

(c) If for any reason the Total Outstandings at any time exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect, the
Company and/or one or more Designated Borrowers shall immediately prepay Loans and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided, however, that the Borrowers shall not be required to
Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) unless after the prepayment in full of the Loans the Total Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect. 

2.06Termination or Reduction of Commitments. The Company may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate
Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. three (3) Business Days prior to the date of
termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Commitments if,
after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Commitments. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the
Aggregate Commitments. Any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its Applicable Percentage. All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments
shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 

2.07 Repayment of Loans. 

(a) Each Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of Committed Loans made to such Borrower
outstanding on such date. 

41 

(b) The Company shall, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, repay each Swing Line Loan
on the earlier to occur of (i) the date that is five Business Days after such Loan is made and (ii) the Maturity Date. At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, immediately upon the request of theSwing Line Lender,
the Company shall repay the outstanding Swing Line Loans made by the Swing Line Lender in an amount sufficient to eliminate any Fronting Exposure in respect of such Swing Line Loans. 

2.08 Interest. 

(a)
Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to SOFR Daily Floating Rate
plus the Applicable Rate; (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate; (iii) each
Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Daily Rate plus the Applicable Rate, (iv) each
Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Term Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate,
(v) each Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate and (vi) each Swing Line Loan shall
bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the sum of STR, plus the STR Adjustment plus the Applicable Rate. 

(b) (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated
maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such overdue amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 

(ii) If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by any Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due
(without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders, such overdue amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at
all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 

(iii) [Reserved]. 

(iv) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon
demand. 

(c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other
times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 

2.09Fees. In addition to certain fees described in subsections (h) and (i) of
Section 2.03: 

(a) Facility Fee. The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of
each Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a facility fee in Dollars equal to the Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount of the Aggregate Commitments (or, if the Aggregate Commitments have terminated, on the Outstanding
Amount of all Committed Loans, Swing Line Loans and L/C Obligations), regardless of usage, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17. The facility fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period (and
thereafter so long as any Committed Loans, Swing Line Loans or L/C Obligations remain outstanding), including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears
on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period (and, if applicable, thereafter on demand). The facility fee
shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such
Applicable Rate was in effect. 

42 

(b) Other Fees. (i) The Company shall pay to the Arrangers and the
Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts, in Dollars, fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 

(ii) The Company shall pay to the Lenders, in Dollars, such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the
amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 

2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees. 

(a) All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to Term SOFR) and for Loans
denominated in Alternative Currencies (other than Alternative Currency Loans with respect to EURIBOR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed, or, in the case of interest in respect of
Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. All other computations of fees and interest, including those with respect to Term SOFR Loans, SOFR Daily
Floating Rate Loan, Alternative Currency Loans determined by reference to EURIBOR and Swing Line Loans, shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or
interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion
thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a), bear interest for one day. Each
determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 

2.11 Evidence of Debt. 

(a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender in the ordinary
course of business. The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register in accordance with Section 10.06(c). The accounts or records maintained by each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the
Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrowers and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of any Borrower hereunder to pay any amount
owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the Register, the Register shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender to a Borrower
made through the Administrative Agent, such Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lenders Loans to such Borrower in addition to such accounts or records and shall
be in compliance with United States Treasury Regulations section 1.1275-3(b). Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount, currency and maturity of
its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 

(b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a) above,
each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans. In the event of any
conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest
error. 

43 

2.12 Payments Generally; Administrative Agents Clawback. 

(a) General. All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any
counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to
the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agents Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Except as otherwise
expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which
such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agents Office in such Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein. If, for any reason,
any Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, such Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount. The Administrative
Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lenders Lending Office. All payments received by the
Administrative Agent after (i) 2:00 p.m., in the case of payments in Dollars, or (ii) after the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent, in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency, shall, in each case, be deemed received
on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by any Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day,
and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 

(b) (i) Funding by Lenders;
Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Committed Borrowing of Term SOFR Loans, SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Loans
(or, in the case of any Committed Borrowing of SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans or Base Rate Loans, prior to 2:00 p.m. on the date of such Committed Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lenders
share of such Committed Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate
Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount.
In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the applicable Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent
forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to such Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at
(A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative,
processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by such Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans, or in the case of
Alternative Currencies, in accordance with such market practice, in each case, as applicable. If such Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall
promptly remit to such Borrower the amount of such interest paid by such Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such
Lenders Committed Loan included in such Committed Borrowing. Any payment by such Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim such Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.

(ii) Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the Administrative Agent shall have
received notice from a Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or any L/C Issuer hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume
that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuers, as the case may be, the amount due. 

With respect toany payment thatthe Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or any L/C Issuer
hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount): (1) the applicable
Borrower has not in fact made such payment; (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by such Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Administrative Agent has for any reason otherwise
erroneously made such payment; 

44 

then each of the Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such
Lender or such L/C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate
and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 

A notice of the
Administrative Agent to any Lender or Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this clause (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 

(c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent. If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by
such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds are not made available to any Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV
are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 

(d) Obligations of Lenders Several. The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans, to fund participations in Letters
of Credit and Swing Line Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under
Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its
Committed Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c). 

(e) Funding
Source. Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any
particular place or manner. 

(f) Insufficient Funds. If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the
Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, L/C Borrowings, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, toward payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled
thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, toward payment of principal and L/C Borrowings then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts
of principal and L/C Borrowings then due to such parties. 

2.13Sharing of Payments by Lenders. If any Lender shall, by
exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Committed Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations or in Swing Line Loans held by it resulting in
such Lenders receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Committed Loans or participations and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater
proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Committed Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans of the other Lenders, or make
such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Committed Loans and other
amounts owing them, provided that: 

(i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any
portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 

(ii) the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made
by or on behalf of any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in
Section 2.16, or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans to any
assignee or participant, other than an assignment to the Company or any Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall apply). 

45 

Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so
under Applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct
creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 

2.14 [Reserved]. 

2.15Increase in Commitments. 

(a) Request for Increase. Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company may from time to time
request an increase in the Aggregate Commitments; provided that (i) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of $25,000,000, (ii) the Company may make a maximum of five (5) such requests and (iii) in no
event shall the Aggregate Commitments at any time exceed $3,000,000,000. 

(b) [Reserved]. 

(c) Additional Lenders. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase and subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent,
each L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, the Company may invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

(d) Effective Date and Allocations. If the Aggregate Commitments are
increased in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent and the Company shall determine the effective date (the Increase Effective Date) and the final allocation of such increase. The Administrative Agent shall
promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date. 

(e) Conditions
to Effectiveness of Increase. As a condition precedent to such increase, (i) the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Increase Effective Date (in sufficient copies for each
Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (x) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (y) in the case of the Company, certifying that, before and
after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (provided that representations qualified by
materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date,
in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (provided that representations qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date, and
except that for purposes of this Section 2.15, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent
statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01, and (B) no Default exists or would result therefrom and (ii) (x) upon the reasonable request of any
Lender made at least five (5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date, the Borrowers shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection
with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, in each case at least five (5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date and (y) at least five
(5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date, any Loan Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have delivered, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership
Certification in relation to such Loan Party. The applicable Borrower(s) shall prepay any Committed Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05) to the
extent necessary to keep the outstanding Committed Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Commitments under this Section. 

(f) Conflicting Provisions. This Section 2.15 shall supersede any provisions in
Section 2.13 or 10.01 to the contrary. 

46 

(g) Credit Increase Amendment. Any increase pursuant to
Section 2.15 shall be evidenced by an amendment (a Credit Increase Amendment) to this Agreement, giving effect to the modifications permitted by this Section 2.15, executed by
the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each Lender providing a portion of the increase; which such amendment, when so executed, shall amend this Agreement as provided therein. Each Credit Increase Amendment may also provide for such
amendments to the Loan Documents, and such other new Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent and the applicable Borrower(s) reasonably deem necessary or appropriate to effect the modifications and credit extensions permitted by this
Section 2.15. Neither any increase in Commitments, nor any such amendments to the other Loan Documents or such other new Loan Documents, shall be required to be executed or approved by any Lender, other than the Lenders
providing such increase and the Administrative Agent, in order to be effective. The effectiveness of any Credit Increase Amendment shall be subject to the satisfaction on the date thereof of each of the conditions set forth in
Section 2.15(e) and as such other conditions as requested by the Lenders under the increase established in connection therewith. 

2.16 Cash Collateral. 

(a) Obligation to Cash Collateralize. At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one Business Day following the
written request of the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Company shall Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving
effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than the Minimum Collateral Amount. 

(b) Grant of Security Interest. The Company, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants
to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all
balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to
Section 2.16(c). If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer as herein provided, or
that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Company will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount
sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to clause (a)(iv) above, after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the
Defaulting Lender). All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America. The
Company shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. 

(c) Application. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this
Section 2.16 or Sections 2.03, 2.05, 2.17 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations
therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise
be provided for herein. 

(d) Release. Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or
to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender
(or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi))) or (ii) the determination by the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral;
provided, however, the Person providing Cash Collateral and the applicable L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 

47 

2.17 Defaulting Lenders. 

(a) Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then,
until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law: 

(i) Waivers
and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lenders right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and
Section 10.01. 

(ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any payment of principal, interest, fees
or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting
Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the
Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting
Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.16; fourth, as the Company may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which
such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be held in a deposit account and
released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lenders potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers future Fronting Exposure with respect
to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.16; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers or Swing
Line Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under
this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Company as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Company against such Defaulting
Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lenders breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such
payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a
time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting
Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans are
held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or
held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.17(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.

(iii) Certain Fees. 

(A) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive fees payable under Sections 2.09(a) for any period during which
that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to extent allocable to the sum of (1) the outstanding principal amount of the Committed Loans funded by it, and (2) its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it
has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.16. 

48 

(B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit
Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to
Section 2.16. 

(C) With respect to any fee payable under
Section 2.09(a) or any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Company shall (x) pay to each
Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lenders participation in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans that has been
reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y) pay to each L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender, as applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such
Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lenders Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 

(iv) Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or any part of such Defaulting
Lenders participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard
to such Defaulting Lenders Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lenders Commitment. Subject to Section 10.22, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting
Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lenders
increased exposure following such reallocation. 

(v) Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swing Line Loans. If the
reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Company shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under Applicable Law, (x) first, prepay Swing Line Loans
in an amount equal to the Swing Line Lenders Fronting Exposure and (y) second, Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.16. 

(b) Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Company, the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer agree in writing that a
Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with
respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the
Committed Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the Commitments (without giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv)),
whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Company while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and
provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from
that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. 

(c) New Swing Line Loans/Letters of Credit. So long as any Lender is a
Defaulting Lender, (i) theSwing Line Lender shall not be required to fund any Swing Line Loans unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such Swing Line Loan and (ii) no L/C Issuer
shall be required to issue, extend, increase, reinstate or renew any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto. 

2.18 Designated Borrowers. 

(a) Designated Borrowers. The Company may at any time, upon not less than fifteen (15) Business Days notice from the Company
to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), request to designate any additional Subsidiary in any Approved Jurisdiction of the Company (an Applicant
Borrower) as a Designated Borrower to receive Loans hereunder by delivering to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly deliver counterparts thereof to each Lender) a duly executed notice and agreement in substantially the form of
Exhibit J (a Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement). The 

49 

parties hereto acknowledge and agree that prior to any Applicant Borrower becoming entitled to utilize the credit facilities provided for herein (i) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders
that are to provide Commitments and/or Loans in favor of an Applicant Borrower must each agree, in their reasonable discretion, to such Applicant Borrower becoming a Designated Borrower, (ii) the Administrative Agent and such Lenders shall have
received such supporting resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other documents or information, in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as may be required by the Administrative Agent,
and Notes signed by such new Borrowers to the extent any Lender so requires, (iii) upon the reasonable request of any Lender, the Applicant Borrowers shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the
documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and any Applicant Borrower that qualifies
as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have delivered, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Applicant Borrower (the requirements in clauses
(i), (ii) and (iii) hereof, the Designated Borrower Requirements) and (iv) the Administrative Agent and the Company shall have amended this Agreement to reflect any provisions relating to local law, tax
and/or other jurisdiction-specific matters which they determine to be necessary, or customary and advisable in such Approved Jurisdiction. If the Designated Borrower Requirements are met, the Administrative Agent shall send a notice in substantially
the form of Exhibit K (a Designated Borrower Notice) to the Company and the Lenders specifying the effective date upon which the Applicant Borrower shall constitute a Designated Borrower for purposes
hereof, whereupon each of the Lenders agrees to permit such Designated Borrower to receive Loans hereunder, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and each of the parties agrees that such Designated Borrower otherwise shall be a Borrower for
all purposes of this Agreement; provided that (i) no Committed Loan Notice or Letter of Credit Application may be submitted by or on behalf of such Designated Borrower until the date five (5) Business Days after such effective date
and (ii) no Designated Borrower shall be permitted to borrow Swing Line Loans without the consent of the Swing Line Lender. 

(b)
Obligations. The Obligations of all Designated Borrowers shall be several in nature and, for the avoidance of doubt, no Designated Borrower (unless it is a Guarantor) shall be obligated with respect to any Obligations of the Company, any
Guarantor or any other Designated Borrower. 

(c) Appointment. Each Subsidiary of the Company that is or becomes a Designated
Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.18 hereby irrevocably appoints the Company to act as its agent for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and agrees that (i) the Company may execute such
documents on behalf of such Designated Borrower as the Company deems appropriate in its sole discretion and each Designated Borrower shall be obligated by all of the terms of any such document executed on its behalf, (ii) any notice or
communication delivered by the Administrative Agent or the Lender to the Company shall be deemed delivered to each Designated Borrower and (iii) the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may accept, and be permitted to rely on, any document,
instrument or agreement executed by the Company on behalf of each of the Borrowers. 

(d) Termination. The Company may from time to
time, upon not less than five (5) Business Days notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), terminate a Designated Borrowers
status as such, provided that there are no outstanding Loans payable by such Designated Borrower, or other amounts payable by such Designated Borrower on account of any Loans made to it, as of the effective date of such termination. The
Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such termination of a Designated Borrowers status. 

ARTICLE III.

TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 

3.01 Taxes. 

(a)
Defined Terms. For purposes of this Section 3.01, the term Applicable Law includes FATCA. 

50 

(b) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation
of any Borrower or Guarantor under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding
Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or
withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Borrower or Guarantor shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or
withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding
been made. 

(c) Payment of Other Taxes by Borrowers. The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in
accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 

(d)
Indemnification by Borrowers. Each Loan Party shall indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to
amounts payable under this Section) paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were
correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative
Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(e) Indemnification by the Lenders.
Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Borrower has not already indemnified the
Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrowers to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lenders failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the
maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the
Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the
Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this subsection (e). 

(f) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Company to a Governmental Authority as
provided in this Section 3.01, the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required
by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

(g) Status of
Lenders; Tax Documentation. 

(i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with
respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation
reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative
Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject
to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in
Section 3.01(g)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lenders reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material
unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 

51 

(ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that a
Borrower is a U.S. Person, 

(A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent
on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form
W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative
Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the
Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the
benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form
W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the
interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 

(II) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;

(III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c)
of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code,
a 10 percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance
Certificate) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or 

(IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form
W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-2 or Exhibit I-3, IRS
Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign
Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-4 on behalf of each such direct and
indirect partner; 

(C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and
the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of
the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary
documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 

52 

(D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject
to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall
deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as
prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their
obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lenders obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA
shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the Closing Date. 

(iii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or
certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative
Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(h) Treatment of Certain Refunds. Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time
shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or any L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for
the account of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Loan Party or with
respect to which any Loan Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall pay to the Loan Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional
amounts paid, by a Loan Party under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes with respect to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses
(including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Loan Party, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to
repay the amount paid over to the Loan Party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this clause (h), in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to the Loan Party pursuant to this clause (h) the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less
favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the
indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it
deems confidential) to any Loan Partyor any other Person. 

(i) Survival. Each partys obligations under this
Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or an L/C Issuer, the termination of the Commitments, the expiration or
cancellation of all Letters of Credit and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 

3.02Illegality.If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest
is determined by reference to a Relevant Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon a Relevant Rate or to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, any Alternative Currency in the applicable interbank market, then, upon notice thereof
by such Lender to the Company (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or maintain Alternative Currency Loans or Swing Line Loans, as applicable, in the affected currency or currencies or, in the case of Loans
denominated in Dollars, to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans or SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans or SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans shall be, in each case, suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts
the illegality of such Lender 

53 

making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender
shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company that the
circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the applicable Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay all Alternative Currency Loans or
Swing Line Loans, as applicable, in the affected currency or currencies or, if applicable and such Loans are denominated in Dollars, convert all Term SOFR Loans and SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate
on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), in each case, immediately, or, in the case of Term SOFR
Loans and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, on the last day of the Interest Period therefor if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans to such day and (ii) if such notice
asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon SOFR, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Term SOFR
component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the applicable
Borrower(s) shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05.

3.03 Inability to Determine Rates. 

(a) If in connection with any request for a SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans, Term SOFR Loan, an Alternative Currency Loan or a Swing Line Loan
or a conversion of Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans or SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans or a continuation of any of such Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest
error) that (A) no Successor Rate for the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency hasbeen determined in accordance with Section 3.03(b) or Section 3.03(c) and the
circumstances under clause (i) of Section 3.03(b) or of Section 3.03(c) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date, or the SOFR Scheduled Unavailability Date, has occurred with respect to such
Relevant Rate (as applicable), or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period, as applicable, with
respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan, SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loan, Alternative Currency Loan or Swing Line Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine
that for any reason that the Relevant Rate with respect to a proposed Loan denominated in an Agreed Currency for any requested Interest Period or determination date(s) does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such
Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Company and each Lender. 

Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to
make or maintain Loans in the affected currencies, as applicable, or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans or SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans, shall be suspended in each case to the extent of the affected Alternative Currency Loans, Swing
Line Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Tern SOFR
component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of this Section 3.03(a), until
the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. 

Upon receipt of such notice, (i) any
Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans, SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans, Swing Line Loans or Alternative Currency Loans to the extent of the affected Loans or Interest Period
or determination date(s), as applicable or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount specified therein and
(ii) (A) any outstanding SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately and any outstanding Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately at the end
of their respective applicable Interest Period and (B) any outstanding affected Alternative Currency Loans, at the Companys election, shall either (1) be converted into a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars
in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such outstanding Alternative Currency Loan immediately, in the 

54 

case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or (2) be prepaid in full immediately,
in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan; provided that if no election is made by the Company (x) in the case of an
Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, by the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Company of such notice or (y) in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, by the last day of the current Interest Period for the
applicable Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the Company shall be deemed to have elected clause (1) above. 

(b) Replacement of
SOFR or SOFR Successor Rate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Company or
Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Company) that the Company or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: 

(i) (A) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month and six month interest periods of
Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or (ii) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining
SOFR because SOFR is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(ii) (A) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over
the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest
periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. dollar denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease,
provided that, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide such representative interest periods of Term SOFR after such specific date or
(B) the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which SOFR shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of syndicated loans
denominated in Dollars, or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, in each case, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide SOFR on a
representative basis (the latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely or the date on which SOFR is no
longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the SOFR Scheduled Unavailability Date); 

or if the events or
circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b) (i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the SOFR Successor Rate then in effect, then, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend
this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing SOFR for Dollars or any then current SOFR Successor Rate for Dollars in accordance with this Section 3.03 with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any
evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in Dollars for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark
giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in Dollars for such benchmarks (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt,
any adjustment thereto, a SOFR Successor Rate), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the
Company unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 

(c) Replacement of Relevant Rate or Successor Rate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan
Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Company or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Company)
that the Company or Required Lenders (as applicable) (or, solely in the case of Swing Line Loans, the Swing Line Lender and not the Required Lenders) have determined, that: 

55 

(i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Relevant
Rate (other than Term SOFR or SOFR) for an Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) because none of the tenors of such Relevant Rate (other than Term SOFR or SOFR) under this Agreement is available or published on a current basis, and such circumstances
are unlikely to be temporary; or 

(ii) the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a specific date
after which all tenors of the Relevant Rate (other than Term SOFR or SOFR) for an Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) under this Agreement shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or permitted to be used for determining the
interest rate of syndicated loans denominated in such Agreed Currency (other than Dollars), or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, in each case, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the
Administrative Agent that will continue to provide such representative tenor(s) of the Relevant Rate (other than Term SOFR or SOFR) for such Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) (the latest date on which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for such
Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) under this Agreement are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date); 

or if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(c) (i) or (ii) have occurred with
respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency or any then current Successor Rate for an Agreed
Currency in accordance with this Section 3.03 with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and
denominated in such Agreed Currency for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit
facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such benchmarks (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a
Non-SOFR Successor Rate, and collectively with the SOFR Successor Rate, each a Successor Rate), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth
Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Company unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that
such Required Lenders object to such amendment. 

(d) Successor Rate. The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more
notices) notify the Company and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 

Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner
consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the
Administrative Agent. 

Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less
than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

In connection
with the implementation of a Successor Rate the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing
such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment
implementing such Conforming Changes to the Company and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 

(e)
Canadian Benchmark Replacement Setting.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document: 

(i) [Reserved]. 

56 

(ii) Replacing Future Canadian Benchmarks. Upon the occurrence of a
Canadian Benchmark Transition Event, the Canadian Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Canadian Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Canadian Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. on the
fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Canadian Benchmark Replacement is provided by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the applicable Borrower without any amendment to,
or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Canadian Benchmark Replacement from Lenders
comprising the Required Lenders. At any time that the administrator of the then-current Canadian Benchmark has permanently or indefinitely ceased to provide such Canadian Benchmark or such Canadian Benchmark has been announced by the administrator
or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Canadian Benchmark pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Canadian Benchmark is
intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, the applicable Borrower may revoke any request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Loans denominated in Canadian Dollars to be made, converted or continued that
would bear interest by reference to such Canadian Benchmark until the Borrowers receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent that a Canadian Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Canadian Benchmark, and, failing that, the applicable
Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount specified therein. 

(iii) Canadian Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation and administration of a
Canadian Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Canadian Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any
amendments implementing such Canadian Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 

(iv) Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrowers
and the Lenders of (i) the implementation of any Canadian Benchmark Replacement, (ii) [reserved], and (iii) the effectiveness of any Canadian Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be
made by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to
this Section 3.03(e). 

(v) Unavailability of Tenor of Canadian Benchmark. At any time
(including in connection with the implementation of a Canadian Benchmark Replacement), if the then-current Canadian Benchmark is a term rate (including Term CORRA), then (i) the Administrative Agent may remove any tenor of such Canadian
Benchmark that is unavailable or non-representative for Canadian Benchmark (including Canadian Benchmark Replacement) settings and (ii) the Administrative Agent may reinstate any such previously removed
tenor for Canadian Benchmark (including Canadian Benchmark Replacement) settings. 

(vi) [Reserved]. 

(vii) Definitions. For purposes of this Section 3.03(e): 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Canadian Benchmark, as
applicable, (a) if the then-current Canadian Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Canadian Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest
calculated with reference to such Canadian Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Canadian Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of
Interest Period pursuant to Section 3.03(e)(v). 

57 

Canadian Benchmark means, initially, Term CORRA; provided that if
a replacement of the Canadian Benchmark has occurred pursuant to this Section 3.03(e), then Canadian Benchmark means the applicable Canadian Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Canadian Benchmark
Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. Any reference to Canadian Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. 

Canadian Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the sum of (i) the alternate benchmark rate and
(ii) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers as the replacement for such Available Tenor of such Canadian Benchmark giving due
consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendations made by the Relevant Canadian Governmental Body, for Canadian dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time; provided
that, if the Canadian Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, the Canadian Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Any Canadian Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided, that, to the extent
such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Canadian Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company.

Canadian Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Canadian Benchmark Replacement, any
technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate, the definition of
Alternative Currency Term Rate, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods,
the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrowers decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such
Canadian Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Canadian Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent in
consultation with the Borrowers decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Canadian Benchmark Transition Eventmeans, with respect to any then-current Canadian Benchmark, the occurrence of a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Canadian Benchmark, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Canadian Benchmark, any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over
such administrator for such Canadian Benchmark, or the Bank of Canada, announcing or stating that (a) such administrator has ceased or will cease on a specified date to provide all Available Tenors of such Canadian Benchmark, permanently or
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Canadian Benchmark or (b) all Available Tenors of such Canadian
Benchmark are or will no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Canadian Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. 

Floor means 0% (0 basis points) per annum. 

Relevant Canadian Governmental Body means the Bank of Canada, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of
Canada, or any successor thereto. 

(f) For purposes of this Section 3.03, those Lenders that either have not
made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in the relevant Alternative Currency shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 

58 

3.04 Increased Costs. 

(a) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement
against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender or any L/C Issuer; 

(ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses
(b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable
thereto; or 

(iii) impose on any Lender or any L/C Issuer or any applicable interbank market any other condition, cost or
expense affecting this Agreement, Term SOFR Loans, SOFR Daily Floating Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting to, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of
maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or such L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter
of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, the Company will pay (or
cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or
reduction suffered. 

(b) Capital Requirements. If any Lender or any L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such
Lender or such L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lenders or such L/C Issuers holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such
Lenders or such L/C Issuers capital or on the capital of such Lenders or such L/C Issuers holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in
Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lenders or such L/C Issuers holding company could have
achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lenders or such L/C Issuers policies and the policies of such Lenders or such L/C Issuers holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time
to time the Company will pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lenders or
such L/C Issuers holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(c) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a
Lender or an L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in clauses (a) or (b) of this
Section 3.04 and delivered to the Company shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount
shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 

(d) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of
any Lender or any L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lenders or such L/C Issuers right to demand such compensation,
provided that no Borrower shall be required to compensate a Lender or an L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine
months prior to the date that such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lenders or such L/C Issuers intention to claim
compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 

59 

3.05Compensation for Losses. Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the
Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Company shall promptly compensate(or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to compensate) such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result
of: 

(a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of
any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period, as applicable, for such Loan, if applicable (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 

(b) any failure by the Company (or the applicable Designated Borrower)(for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a
Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Company (or the applicable Designated Borrower); 

(c) any assignment of a Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period
therefor as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 10.13; or 

(d) any failure by any Borrower
to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency; 

including any loss of anticipated profits, any foreign exchange loss and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by
it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract. The Company shall also pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) any
customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 

For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Company (or the
applicable Designated Borrower) to the Lenders under this Section 3.05, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan made by it at the Alternative Currency Term Ratefor such
Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the offshore interbank eurodollar market for such currency for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan was in fact so funded. 

3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 

(a) Designation of a Different Lending Office. Each Lender may make any Credit Extension to a Borrower through any Lending Office,
provided that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of such Borrower to repay the Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender requests compensation under
Section 3.04, or requires a Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender, any L/C Issuer, or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or any L/C Issuer pursuant to
Section 3.01, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then at the request of the Company such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a
different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, such designation or
assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to
Section 3.02, as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or
such L/C Issuer, as the case may be. The Company hereby agrees to pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or any L/C Issuer in connection with any such designation or
assignment. 

(b) Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or if a
Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is
unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a), the Company may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13. 

60 

3.07Survival. All of the Borrowers obligations under this Article
III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation of the Administrative Agent. 

ARTICLE IV. 

CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT TO CREDIT EXTENSIONS 

4.01Conditions of Initial Credit Extension. The obligation of each L/C Issuer and each
Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) The
Administrative Agents receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated
the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders: 

(i) executed counterparts of this Agreement and the Company Guaranty; 

(ii) Notes executed by the Borrowers in favor of each Lender requesting a Note; 

(iii) copies of resolutions of each Loan Partys Board of Directors (or equivalent governing body) authorizing the
execution and delivery of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, together with specimen signatures of the persons authorized to execute such documents on behalf of such Borrower, all
certified in each instance by a Responsible Officer; 

(iv) (A) a certificate of good standing for each Borrower (to the
extent applicable), certified as of a date not earlier than 30 days prior to the date hereof by the Secretary of State of such partys jurisdiction of organization and (B) the certificate or articles of incorporation or formation, together
with all amendments thereto, and the bylaws and any amendments thereto, for each Loan Party, certified by a Responsible Officer; 

(v) a favorable opinion of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, and Seth Diehl, Esq., external and in-house counsel, respectively, to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; and 

(vi) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying (A) that the conditions specified in
Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied, and (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) (i) Upon the reasonable request of any Lender made at least five (5) Business
Days prior to the Closing Date, the Borrowers shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer
and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, in each case at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date and (ii) at least two (2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date,
any Loan Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have delivered, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party. 

(c) Any fees required to be paid under the Fee Letter on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid. 

(d) The Company shall have paid, or shall be paying substantially concurrently with the effectiveness of this Agreement on the Closing Date,
to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders party to (and as defined in) the Existing Credit Agreement, all accrued and unpaid interest and fees and other amounts owing under the Existing Credit Agreement (other than the
principal amount of Loans outstanding immediately prior to the Closing Date), whether or not such interest, fees or other amounts are actually due and payable at such time pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement. 

61 

(e) Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Company shall have paid all fees, charges
and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced prior to or on the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements
as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings (providedthat such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of
accounts between the Company and the Administrative Agent). 

Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of
Section 9.03, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or
accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the
proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 

4.02Conditions to all Credit Extensions. The obligation of each
Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans) is subject to the
following conditions precedent: 

(a) The representations and warranties of the Borrowers and each other Loan Party contained in
Article V (other than, in the case of any Credit Extension after the Closing Date, Sections 5.06 and 5.09) or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in
connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects (provided that representations and warranties already qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all
respects) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date, and except that for
purposes of this Section 4.02, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant
to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01; 

(b) No Default or Event of
Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a result of such Credit Extension; 

(c) The Administrative Agent and, if
applicable, the applicable L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof; 

(d) If the applicable Borrower is a Designated Borrower, then the conditions of Section 2.18 to the designation of
such Borrower as a Designated Borrower shall have been met to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent; 

(e) In the case of a Credit
Extension to be denominated in an Alternative Currency, such currency remains an Eligible Currency; and 

(f) After giving effect to such
Credit Extension, the aggregate Dollar Equivalent of Revolving Loans and Dollar Equivalent of L/C Obligations then outstanding shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitments then in effect. 

Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type, or a
continuation of Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans) submitted by a Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by such Borrower that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have
been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 

62 

ARTICLE V. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Each Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 

5.01Existence, Qualification and Power. The Company is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a corporation
under the laws of the State of Delaware, has full corporate power to own its Property and conduct its business as now conducted, and is duly licensed or qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business
conducted by it or the nature of the Property owned or leased by it requires such licensing or qualifying, except where the failure to be so licensed or qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.02Subsidiaries. Each Restricted Subsidiary is duly organized, validly existing and, to the extent applicable, in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or organized, as the case may be, has full corporate or limited liability company power to own its Property and conduct its business as now conducted, and is duly licensed or
qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the nature of the Property owned or leased by it requires such licensing or qualifying, except where the failure to be so licensed or
qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Exhibit 21.1 to the Companys Form 10-K filed with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2024 identifies, as of
December 31, 2024, each Subsidiary and the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization. Schedule 5.02 hereto identifies, as of the Closing Date, each Subsidiary that is an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 

5.03 Corporate Authority and Validity of Obligations. Each Borrower has full corporate or limited liability company power and authority
to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party, to make the borrowings herein provided for, to issue the Notes in evidence thereof, and to perform all of its obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents
to which it is a party. Each Guarantor has full corporate or limited liability company power and authority to enter into this Agreement pursuant to the Subsidiary Guaranty and perform all of its Obligations hereunder. Each Loan Document to which any
Borrower or any Guarantor is a party has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by such Borrower or such Guarantor, as the case may be, and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of such Borrower or such Guarantor enforceable in
accordance with its terms except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether the application of
such principles is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law). No Loan Document, nor the performance or observance by any Borrower or any Guarantor of any of the matters and things herein or therein provided for, (a) contravenes or
constitutes a default under any provision of law or any judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon any Borrower or any Guarantor or any provision of the charter, articles of incorporation or by-laws
(or equivalent organizational document) of any Borrower or any Guarantor, (b) contravenes or constitutes a default under any covenant, indenture or agreement of or affecting any Borrower or any Guarantor or any of their respective Properties,
in each case where such contravention or default, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (c) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any Property of any Borrower or any
Guarantor. 

5.04Use of Proceeds; Margin Stock. 

The Borrowers shall use the proceeds of the Loans and other extensions of credit made available hereunder to fund their general corporate and
working capital purposes and for such other purposes as are consistent with all applicable laws and the terms hereof. Neither the Company nor any Restricted Subsidiary is engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or
carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), and no part of the proceeds of any Loan or any other extension of credit hereunder will be used to purchase or carry margin
stock or used in a manner that violates any provision of Regulation U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Margin stock (as hereinabove defined) constitutes less than 25% of the assets of the Borrowers and their
Restricted Subsidiaries. No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party,
candidate for political office, or anyone else whether or not such Person is acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of any laws relating to bribery or corruption,
including, without limitation, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or the UK Bribery Act 2010, as amended and the rules and regulations thereunder (the Anti-Corruption Laws). 

63 

5.05Financial Reports. 

(a) The consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at December 31, 2024, and the related consolidated statements
of income, retained earnings and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, and accompanying notes thereto, which financial statements are accompanied by the audit report of Ernst & Young LLP, independent
public accountants, fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at said date and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended in
conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent basis. 

(b) The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its subsidiaries
dated September 30, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income, retained earnings and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the
period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present the financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby,
subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii), to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments. 

5.06No Material Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2024, except as previously disclosed in the Companys Form 10-K filed with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2024, there has been no change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole which could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.07Full Disclosure. The written statements and information
furnished to the Lenders in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the commitments by the Lenders to provide all or part of the financing contemplated hereby (in each case, as modified or supplemented by
other written information so furnished) did not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or omit a material fact necessary to make the material statements contained therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading; provided that (i) no representation is made with respect to any information of a general economic or industry nature and (ii) as to any estimates, forecasts, projections or other forward-looking furnished to the Lenders,
the Borrowers only represent that the same were prepared on the basis of information and estimates the Borrowers believed to be reasonable. 

5.08 [Reserved] 

5.09Litigation and Other Controversies. Except as otherwise disclosed in the Companys Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, there is no litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding or labor controversy pending, nor to the knowledge of any Borrower threatened, against the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.10Taxes. All federal
and state income and other material tax returns required to be filed by the Company and its Subsidiaries in any jurisdiction have, in fact, been filed, and all Taxes, upon the Company and its Subsidiaries or upon any of their respective Properties,
income or franchises, which are shown to be due and payable in such returns, have been paid, except for any Tax (i) being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings which prevent or stay enforcement of the matter under contest and as to
which adequate reserves established in accordance with GAAP have been provided or (ii) the failure of which to pay could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.11Approvals. No authorization, consent, license, or exemption from, or filing or registration with, any Governmental
Authority, nor any approval or consent of the stockholders of the Company or any other Person, is or will be necessary to the valid execution, delivery or performance by any Borrower of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except for such
approvals which have been obtained and remain in full force and effect. 

64 

5.12Investment Company Act.Neither the Company nor any Restricted
Subsidiary is an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

5.13ERISA Compliance. In respect of each Plan, the Company and each other member of the Controlled Group has fulfilled its
obligations under the minimum funding standards of, and is in compliance with, ERISA and the Code to the extent applicable and has not incurred any liability to the PBGC or a Plan under Title IV of ERISA other than a liability to the PBGC for
premiums under Section 4007 of ERISA, except for such failure to fulfill obligations or noncompliance or liability that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any material
contingent liabilities with respect to any post-retirement benefits under a Welfare Plan, other than liability for continuation coverage described in Part 6 of Title I of ERISA. 

5.14Compliance with Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the requirements of all federal, state and
local laws, rules and regulations applicable to or pertaining to their Properties or business operations (including, without limitation, the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, and laws and
regulations establishing quality criteria and standards for air, water, land and toxic or hazardous wastes and substances), where any such non-compliance, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received notice to the effect that its operations are not in compliance with any of the requirements of applicable federal, state or local environmental, health
and safety statutes and regulations or are the subject of any governmental investigation evaluating whether any remedial action is needed to respond to a release of any toxic or hazardous waste or substance into the environment, which non-compliance or remedial action, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.15No Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

5.16Compliance with Sanctions Programs.

(a) The Company is in compliance with the requirements of all applicable Sanctions Programs and Anti-Corruption Laws in all material respects.
Each Subsidiary of the Company is in compliance with the requirements of all applicable Sanctions Programs and Anti-Corruption Laws applicable to such Subsidiary, in all material respects. 

(b) The Borrowers and their Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure
compliance by the Borrowers, their Subsidiaries, and the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries respective directors, officers and employees with all applicable Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions Programs. 

(c) No Borrower, Guarantor nor any of their Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, employee, agent, or
Affiliate of a Borrower, Guarantor or any of their Subsidiaries is (i) an individual or entity that is, or is owned or controlled by, a Sanctioned Person or (ii) located (except to the extent permissible for a Person required to comply
with Sanctions), organized or ordinarily resident in a Sanctioned Country. 

5.17Outbound Investment Rules. No Loan
Party is a covered foreign person as that term is used in the Outbound Investment Rules. No Loan Party currently engages, or has any present intention to engage in the future, directly or indirectly, in (i) a covered
activity or a covered transaction, as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, (ii) any activity or transaction that would constitute a covered activity or a covered transaction, as
each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, if any Borrower were a U.S. Person or (iii) any other activity that would cause the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to be in violation of the Outbound Investment Rules or cause the
Administrative Agent or the Lenders to be legally prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from performing under this Agreement. 

65 

ARTICLE VI. 

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 

So
long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, the Company and each other Borrower, if any, covenant and agree that
(with respect to itself only in the case of any Borrower other than the Company): 

6.01Financial Reports. The Company
shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, maintain a standard system of accounting in accordance with GAAP and shall furnish to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and their duly authorized representatives such information respecting the business
and financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request (each Lender to have the right to require the Administrative Agent make such request); and without any request, the Company will furnish
each of the following to the Administrative Agent, with sufficient copies for each Lender (which the Administrative Agent shall promptly distribute to each Lender) or, in lieu of furnishing any such item to the Administrative Agent, may at such time
notify the Administrative Agent that such item has been posted to a website maintained by or on behalf of the Company and accessible to all of the Lenders, such notification to inform the Administrative Agent of any information necessary to allow
the Lenders to access such item: 

(a) within 45 days after the close of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the
Company, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of such period and the consolidated statements of income, retained earnings and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal
quarter and for the fiscal year-to-date period then ended, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date and period in the
previous fiscal year, prepared by the Company in accordance with GAAP (subject to normal year-end adjustments) and certified to by its President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer, or Chief
Accounting Officer; 

(b) within 90 days after the close of each annual accounting period of the Company, a copy of the consolidated
balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the last day of the period then ended and the consolidated statements of income, retained earnings and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the period then ended, and accompanying
notes thereto, each in reasonable detail showing in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, accompanied by an opinion thereon, unqualified as to scope and going-concern status, of Ernst & Young LLP or another firm of
independent public accountants of recognized national standing, to the effect that the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly, in all material respects, in accordance with GAAP the consolidated financial
condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended and that such accountants audit of such financial statements has
been made in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards; 

(c) [reserved]; 

(d) promptly after knowledge thereof shall have come to the attention of any Responsible Officer of the Company, written notice of (i)
[reserved] or (ii) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder; 

(e) within the time periods required by subsections
(a) and (b) of this Section, an unaudited balance sheet and statement of earnings for the dates and periods as in such paragraph (a) or (b) covering the Company and the Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis together with
unaudited consolidating statements reflecting eliminations or adjustments required in order to reconcile such financial statements to the corresponding consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to
paragraphs (a) and (b) above; 

(f) promptly after the effectiveness thereof (i) true and complete copies of any amendments to
any Note Purchase Agreement and (ii) notice of the addition of any guarantor under any Note Purchase Agreement; and 

(g) promptly,
from time to time, information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer requirements under the Patriot Act or other applicable
anti-money laundering laws and regulations. 

66 

Within the time periods required by subsections (a) and (b) of this Section, the
Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a Compliance Certificate signed by the President, the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, or the Vice President and Treasurer of the Company to the effect that to the best of such
officers knowledge and belief no Default or Event of Default has occurred during the period covered by the applicable financial statements or, if any such Default or Event of Default has occurred during such period, setting forth a description
of such Default or Event of Default and specifying the action, if any, taken by the Borrowers to remedy the same. Such Compliance Certificate shall also set forth the calculations supporting such statements in respect of Sections 6.11, 7.01, 7.02
and 7.04 of this Agreement. 

The documents required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (a), (b) or (c) above shall be deemed to have
been delivered on the date on which such documents are filed for public availability on the SECs Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System (it being understood that the Company shall not be required to provide notice to the Administrative
Agent or any Lender of such electronic filing of information); provided that the Company shall deliver electronic copies of such information to any Lender promptly upon request of such Lender through the Administrative Agent. The Administrative
Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company with any such request by a Lender for delivery,
and each Lender shall be solely responsible for timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of copies of such document to it and maintaining its copies of such documents. 

6.02Maintenance of Business. The Company shall, and shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, preserve and maintain its
existence, and preserve and keep in force and effect all licenses, permits and franchises necessary to the proper conduct of its business except where the failure to have any such license, permit or franchise could not reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 6.02 shall prohibit the dissolution, merger, sale, transfer or other disposition of any Restricted Subsidiary which is otherwise permitted under
Section 7.05 hereof. 

6.03Taxes and Assessments. The Company shall duly pay and discharge, and shall cause each
Subsidiary to duly pay and discharge, all material Taxes, rates, assessments, fees and governmental charges upon or against it or its Properties, in each case before the same become delinquent and before penalties accrue thereon, (i) unless and
to the extent that the same are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings which prevent enforcement of the matter under contest and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are provided therefor or (ii) unless the aggregate
amount of such Taxes, rates, assessments, fees and governmental charges could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.04Insurance. The Company shall insure and keep insured, and shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary to insure and keep
insured, with responsible insurance companies, all insurable Property owned by it which is of a character usually insured by Persons similarly situated and operating like Properties against loss or damage from such hazards and risks, and in such
amounts, as are insured by Persons similarly situated and operating like Properties, in each case in all material respects; and the Company shall, and shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, maintain insurance with respect to their respective
businesses covering such other hazards and risks (including employers and public liability risks) with responsible insurance companies as and to the extent usually insured by Persons similarly situated and conducting similar businesses
(including self-insurance), in each case in all material respects. The Company shall upon written request furnish to the Administrative Agent and any Lender a certificate setting forth in summary form the nature and extent of the insurance
maintained pursuant to this Section. 

6.05Inspection. The Company shall, and shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary to,
permit the Administrative Agent or, upon notice delivered by the Administrative Agent if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any Lender or any of their duly authorized representatives and agents during normal business hours to visit
and inspect any of the Properties, corporate books and financial records of the Company and each Restricted Subsidiary, to examine and make copies of the books of accounts and other financial records of the Company and each Restricted Subsidiary,
and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Company and each Restricted Subsidiary with, and to be advised as to the same by, its officers, employees and independent public accountants (and by this provision the Company hereby
authorizes such accountants to discuss with the Administrative Agent and, upon notice delivered by the Administrative Agent if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any such Lender, the finances and affairs of the Company and of each
Restricted Subsidiary) at such reasonable times and reasonable intervals as the Administrative Agent or any such Lender may designate (unless (i) any Loans are outstanding hereunder or (ii) an Event of Default has occurred and is
continuing) no more than once per fiscal year of the Company (subject to reasonable requirements of confidentiality, including requirements imposed by Law or by contract (other than contractual confidentiality provisions by and among the Company and
its affiliates and such accountants)). 

67 

6.06 [Reserved] 

6.07Compliance with Laws. The Company shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, comply with the requirements of all federal,
state and local laws, rules, regulations, ordinances and orders applicable to or pertaining to their Properties or business operations, where any such non-compliance, individually or in the aggregate, could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.08No Changes in Fiscal Year. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary shall change its fiscal year from its present basis without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. 

6.09Compliance with Sanctions Programs and Anti-Corruption Laws. 

(a) The Company shall provide the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, and the Lenders promptly after request therefor any information
regarding the Company, its Affiliates, and its Subsidiaries necessary for the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and the Lenders to comply with all applicable Sanctions Programs and Anti-Corruption
Laws and other similar laws, regulations and orders applicable to any of them; subject however, in the case of Affiliates, to the Companys ability to provide information applicable to them. 

(b) If the Company obtains actual knowledge or receives any written notice that the Company, any Affiliate or any Subsidiary is named on any
then current Sanctions List or otherwise becomes a Sanctioned Person (such occurrence, a Sanctions Event), the Company shall promptly (i) give written notice to the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, and the Lenders
of such Sanctions Event, and (ii) comply with all applicable laws with respect to such Sanctions Event (regardless of whether the party included on the Sanctions List is located within the jurisdiction of the United States of America),
including the Sanctions Programs, and the Company hereby authorizes and consents to the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, and the Lenders taking any and all steps the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, or the Lenders deem
necessary, in their sole but reasonable discretion, to avoid violation of all applicable laws with respect to any such Sanctions Event, including the requirements of the Sanctions Programs (including the freezing and/or blocking of assets and
reporting such action to OFAC). 

(c) No Borrower will use any proceeds of the Loans (and the Company shall not request any Letter of
Credit, the proceeds of which, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, will be used to) (i) to finance or otherwise fund, directly or indirectly, any activity or business with any Sanctioned Person or, except as permitted for a Person required to
comply with Sanctions, in any Sanctioned Country or (ii) in any other manner that will result in a violation of any Sanctions Program or any Anti-Corruption Laws by any Person (including any Person participating in the Loans or Letters of
Credit, whether as lender, underwriter, advisor, investor, or otherwise). 

6.10Redesignation of Restricted and
Unrestricted Subsidiaries. The Company may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary and may designate any Restricted Subsidiary to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary (if such Subsidiary is permitted to be so designated in
accordance with the terms of the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary herein) by giving written notice to the Administrative Agent that the Company has made such designation, provided, however, that no Unrestricted Subsidiary may
be designated a Restricted Subsidiary and no Restricted Subsidiary may be designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless, at the time of such designation and after giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default shall exist. Any Restricted
Subsidiary that has been designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary and that has been redesignated a Restricted Subsidiary, in each case in accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 6.10, shall not at any time thereafter
be redesignated an Unrestricted Subsidiary without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders. Any Unrestricted Subsidiary that has been designated a Restricted Subsidiary and that has then been redesignated an Unrestricted Subsidiary, in
each case in accordance with the provisions of the first sentence of this Section 6.10, shall not, except as required in order for the Company to comply with the requirements of Section 6.11, at any time thereafter be redesignated a
Restricted Subsidiary without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders. For the purpose of determining whether a Default or an Event of Default exists after giving effect to any designation pursuant to this

68 

Section 6.10, compliance with Sections 6.11, 7.01, 7.02 and 7.04 shall be determined as of the end of the fiscal quarter most recently ended on or before the date of such designation on a
pro forma basis as though such designation had been in effect as of the first day of the four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company ending with such most recent fiscal quarter. 

6.11Limitation on Unrestricted Subsidiaries. The Company (a) will not, as of the end of any fiscal quarter, permit the
amount of Consolidated Total Assets to be less than 90% of the Consolidated Total Assets (determined as if the term Restricted Subsidiary appearing in the defined term Consolidated Total Assets was replaced with the term
Subsidiary and without giving effect to the deduction set forth in such defined term) and (b) will not, as of the end of any fiscal quarter, permit EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently
ending on or prior to such time to be less than 90% of EBITDA (determined as if the term Restricted Subsidiary appearing in the defined term EBITDA (and in the definition of each term used therein) was replaced with the term
Subsidiary and without giving effect to clause (x) of the definition of EBIT) for such period. 

6.12Covenant to Guarantee Obligations. The Company shall cause each direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrowers that is a
guarantor under any Note Purchase Agreement to become a Guarantor hereunder within five (5) Business Days after the date on which such Subsidiary has become a guarantor under such Note Purchase Agreement by causing such Subsidiary to duly
execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent the Subsidiary Guaranty (or a joinder agreement thereto) guaranteeing the Obligations under the Loan Documents (and such supporting resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other
documents or information, in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent). In addition, the Company may cause any of its Subsidiaries to become a Guarantor after the Closing Date at its election, in accordance with
the documentary requirements set forth above in this Section 6.12, regardless of whether required to do so by this Section 6.12. 

ARTICLE VII. 

NEGATIVE
COVENANTS 

So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or
unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, the Company and each other Borrower, if any, covenant and agree that (with respect to itself only in the case of any Borrower other than the Company): 

7.01Cash Flow Leverage Ratio. The Company shall not, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, permit its Cash Flow Leverage
Ratio to be more than 3.50 to 1.00. 

7.02Interest Coverage Ratio. The Company shall not, as of the last day of any fiscal
quarter, permit its Interest Coverage Ratio to be less than 4.00 to 1.00. 

7.03Liens. The Company shall not, nor shall it
permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create, incur or permit to exist any Lien of any kind on any Property owned by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not apply to nor operate to prevent:

(a) Liens arising by statute in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance, old age benefits, social security
obligations, Taxes, assessments, statutory obligations or other similar charges (other than Liens arising under ERISA), pledges and deposits in connection with tenders, leases, statutory obligations, surety bonds, performance and return of money
bonds, bids, government contracts, trade contracts, and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business, including those incurred to secure health, safety and environmental obligations, cash deposits required in
connection with any acquisition or similar investment permitted hereby, and other cash deposits required to be made in the ordinary course of business, provided in each case that the obligation is not for borrowed money and that, in the case
of Liens arising by statue or otherwise in respect of statutory obligations, the obligation secured is not overdue or, if overdue, is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings which prevent enforcement of the matter under contest and
adequate reserves have been established therefor; 

69 

(b) mechanics, workmens, materialmens, landlords, carriers, or
other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business with respect to obligations which are not due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings which prevent enforcement of the matter under contest; 

(c) judgment liens and judicial attachment liens not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(g) hereof and the pledge of
assets for the purpose of securing an appeal, stay or discharge in the course of any legal proceeding, or any appeal bond or similar instrument relating to the same, provided that the aggregate amount of liabilities of the Company and its
Restricted Subsidiaries secured by a pledge of assets permitted under this subsection, including interest and penalties thereon, if any, shall not at any one time outstanding be in excess of $150,000,000; 

(d) Liens on Property of the Company or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries created solely for the purpose of securing purchase money
indebtedness or Capitalized Lease Obligations and, representing or incurred to finance, refinance or refund the purchase price of Property, provided that no such Lien shall extend to or cover other Property of the Company or such Restricted
Subsidiary other than the respective Property so acquired, and the principal amount of indebtedness secured by any such Lien shall at no time exceed the original purchase price of such Property as reduced by repayments of principal thereon; 

(e) leases or subleases granted to others in the ordinary course of business and any interest or title of a lessor under any lease permitted
by this Agreement; 

(f) (i) customary Liens (x) relating to the establishment of deposit and securities accounts in each case in the
ordinary course of the cash management of the Company and its Subsidiaries under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution (including rights of set off, revocation, refund or
chargeback under deposit agreements or under the Uniform Commercial Code in favor of banks or other financial institution where the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary maintains deposits in the ordinary course of business), that are within the
general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such banking institutions general terms and conditions or (y) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Company or any Subsidiary to permit satisfaction
of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Company and its Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens arising solely by virtue of any general banking conditions, statutory or common law provision relating to
bankers liens, bankers rights of set-off or similar rights; 

(g) Liens constituting
encumbrances in the nature of zoning restrictions, condemnations, easements, encroachments, covenants, rights of way, minor defects, irregularities and rights or restrictions of record on the title or use of real property, which do not materially
detract from the value of such property or materially impair the use thereof in the business of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary; 

(h) Liens securing Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of a Restricted Subsidiary to the Company or to a Wholly-Owned Restricted Subsidiary; 

(i) Liens existing on any property acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary at the time such property is so acquired (or on the assets of any
Subsidiary at the time such Subsidiary is acquired); provided that (i) no such Lien shall have been created or assumed in contemplation of such consolidation or merger or such Persons such acquisition of property (or of such Subsidiary),
and (ii) each such Lien shall extend solely to the item or items of property so acquired (or the then-existing assets of such acquired Subsidiary) and, if required by the terms of the instrument originally creating such Lien, other property
which is an improvement to or is acquired for specific use in connection with such acquired property or other after-acquired property within the required scope of the original Lien in accordance with a customary after-acquired property clause; and

(j) Liens other than those permitted by any of the foregoing subsections (a) through (i) provided such Liens do not at
any time secure obligations exceeding the greater of $2,000,000,000 and 10% of Net Worth as of the last day of the most recent four fiscal quarters of the Company. 

70 

7.04Limitations on Consolidated Priority Indebtedness. The Company
will not, as at the end of any fiscal quarter, permit Consolidated Priority Indebtedness to exceed 15% of Consolidated Total Capitalization, calculated in accordance with GAAP. 

7.05Fundamental Changes. The Company shall not, nor shall it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, merge, dissolve, liquidate,
consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the assets the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (whether now owned or hereafter
acquired) to or in favor of any Person, except that, so long as no Default exists or would result therefrom: 

(a) the Company, any
Restricted Subsidiary or any other Person may merge into, dissolve into, liquidate into or consolidate with the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that, (i) to the extent such transaction involves the Company, the Company
shall be the continuing or surviving Person, (ii) to the extent such transaction involves a Designated Borrower, a Designated Borrower or the Company shall be the continuing or surviving Person, and (iii) to the extent such transaction
involves a Subsidiary Guarantor, a Subsidiary Guarantor or the Company shall be the continuing or surviving Person; and 

(b) any
Restricted Subsidiary (other than a Designated Borrower) may merge into, dissolve into, liquidate into or consolidate with any other Person (other than the Company or any other Restricted Subsidiary), so long as such merger, dissolution, liquidation
or consolation does not result, directly or indirectly, in the Disposition (in one or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 

7.06Change in Nature of Business. The Company shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to,
engage in any business or activity if as a result the general nature of the business of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole would be changed in any material respect from the general nature of the business engaged in by the
Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Closing Date. 

7.07Outbound Investment Rules. The Loan Parties will not
(a) be or become a covered foreign person, as that term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, or (b) engage, directly or indirectly, in (i) a covered activity or a covered transaction, as
each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment Rules, (ii) any activity or transaction that would constitute a covered activity or a covered transaction, as each such term is defined in the Outbound Investment
Rules, if any Loan Party were a U.S. Person or (iii) any other activity that would cause the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to be in violation of the Outbound Investment Rules or cause the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to be legally
prohibited by the Outbound Investment Rules from performing under this Agreement. 

ARTICLE VIII. 

EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 

8.01Events of Default. Any one or more of the following shall constitute an event of default (each, an Event of
Default): 

(a) default (i) in the payment when due of the principal amount of any Loan or Unreimbursed Amount or
(ii) for a period of three (3) Business Days in the payment when due of interest or fees or any part of any other Obligation payable by the Borrowers hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or 

(b) default in the observance or performance of any Borrowers obligation to deliver cash collateral for Letters of Credit as required by
Section 2.03 hereof; or 

(c) default in the observance or performance of any covenant set forth in Section 6.01(d)(ii),
Section 6.09(c) or Article VII hereof; or

71 

(d) default by any Loan Party in the observance or performance of any other provision hereof
or of any other Loan Document which is not remedied within 30 days after the earlier of (i) the date on which such failure shall first become known to any Responsible Officer of the Company or (ii) written notice thereof is given to the
Company by the Administrative Agent or any Lender; or 

(e) (i) any representation or warranty made by the Company hereinor in any
other Loan Document, or in any statement or certificate furnished by it pursuant hereto or thereto, or in connection with any Loan or other extension of credit made hereunder, proves untrue in any material respect as of the date of the issuance or
making thereof, or (ii) any representation or warranty made by any Borrower (other than the Company) or Guarantor hereinor in any other Loan Document, or in any statement or certificate furnished by it pursuant hereto or thereto, or in
connection with any Loan or other extension of credit made hereunder, proves untrue in any material respect as of the date of the issuance or making thereof and such untruthfulness could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
or

(f) default shall occur under any evidence of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money issued, assumed or guaranteed by the Company or
any Restricted Subsidiary aggregating in excess of $150,000,000, or under any indenture, agreement or other instrument under which the same may be issued, and such default shall continue for a period of time sufficient to permit the acceleration of
the maturity of any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money (whether or not such maturity is in fact accelerated), or any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money shall not be paid when due (whether by lapse of time, acceleration or otherwise); or 

(g) any judgment or judgments, writ or writs, or warrant or warrants of attachment, or any similar process or processes in an aggregate amount
(to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage) in excess of $150,000,000 shall be entered or filed against the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary or against any of their Property
which remains unvacated, unbonded, unstayed or unsatisfied for a period of 30 days; or 

(h) the Company or any other member of the
Controlled Group shall fail to pay when due an amount or amounts aggregating in excess of an amount which has resulted in, or could reasonably be expect to result in, a Material Adverse Effect, which it shall have become liable to pay to the PBGC or
to a Plan under Title IV of ERISA; or notice of intent to terminate a Plan or Plans having aggregate Unfunded Vested Liabilities in excess of an amount which has resulted in, or could reasonably be expect to result in, a Material Adverse Effect
(each such Plan or group of Plans, a Material Plan) shall be filed under Title IV of ERISA by the Company or any other member of the Controlled Group, any plan administrator or any combination of the foregoing; or the PBGC
shall institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate or to cause a trustee to be appointed to administer any Material Plan or a proceeding shall be instituted by a fiduciary of any Material Plan against the Company or any other
member of the Controlled Group to enforce Section 515 or 4219(c)(5) of ERISA and such proceeding shall not have been dismissed within 30 days thereafter; or a condition shall exist by reason of which the PBGC would be entitled to obtain a
decree adjudicating that any Material Plan must be terminated; or 

(i) the occurrence of a Change of Control; or

(j) any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall (i) have entered involuntarily against it an order for relief under the United States
Bankruptcy Code, as amended, (ii) not pay, or admit in writing its inability to pay, its debts generally as they become due, (iii) make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (iv) apply for, seek, consent to, or acquiesce in, the
appointment of a receiver, custodian, trustee, examiner, liquidator or similar official for it or any substantial part of its Property, (v) institute any proceeding seeking to have entered against it an order for relief under the United States
Bankruptcy Code, as amended, to adjudicate it insolvent, or seeking dissolution, winding up, liquidation, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of it or its debts under any Debtor Relief Law or fail to file an answer or other
pleading denying the material allegations of any such proceeding filed against it, (vi) take any action in furtherance of any matter described in parts (ii) through (v) above, or (vii) fail to contest in good faith any
appointment or proceeding described in Section 8.01(k) hereof; or

(k) a custodian, receiver, trustee, examiner, liquidator
or similar official shall be appointed for any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or any substantial part of any of its Property, or a proceeding described in Section 8.01(k)(v) shall be instituted against any Borrower or any Material
Subsidiary, and such appointment continues undischarged or such proceeding continues undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days; or 

72 

(l) any Loan Document or any material provision thereof, at any time after its execution and
delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Borrower or Guarantor contests in writing the validity or
enforceability of any Loan Document or any material provision thereof; or any Borrower or Guarantor denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports in writing to revoke, terminate or rescind
any Loan Document or any material provision thereof. 

8.02Remedies Upon Event of Default. If any Event of Default occurs
and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: 

(a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated,
whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated; 

(b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all
interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby
expressly waived by each Borrower; 

(c) require that the Borrowers Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the
Minimum Collateral Amount with respect thereto); and 

(d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers all rights and
remedies available to it, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under the Loan Documents; 

provided, however, that upon the occurrence of an event
described in Section 8.01(j) or (k) with respect to any Borrower, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate,
the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligations of the Borrowers to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall
automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 

8.03Application of
Funds. After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash
Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.16 and 2.17, be applied by the Administrative
Agent in the following order: 

First, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and
other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 

Second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest
and Letter of Credit Fees) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and any L/C Issuer and amounts payable under Article III), ratably among them in proportion
to the respective amounts described in this clauseSecond payable to them; 

Third, to payment of that portion of the
Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans, L/C Borrowings and other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clauseThird payable to them; 

Fourth, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and
L/C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clauseFourth held by them; 

73 

Fifth, to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L/C Issuers, to
Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Borrowers pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.16; and 

Last, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Company or as otherwise required by
Law. 

Subject to Sections 2.03(c) and 2.16, amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to
clauseFifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining
amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 

ARTICLE IX. 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 

9.01Appointment and Authority. Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on
its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms
hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article IX are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, and neither the Company
nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with
reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to
create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 

9.02Rights as a Lender. The Person
serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or
Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits
from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind banking, trust, financial, advisory, underwriting or other of business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary
or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or to provide notice or consent of the Lenders with respect thereto. 

9.03Exculpatory Provisions. The Administrative Agent or the Arranger, as applicable, shall not have any duties or obligations
except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent or the Arranger, as applicable, and its
Related Parties: 

(a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is
continuing; 

(b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary
rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be
expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to
liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or Applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or
termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; 

74 

(c) shall not have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the
failure to disclose, to any Lender or any L/C Issuer, any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates,
that is communicated to, obtained or in the possession of, the Administrative Agent, Arranger or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the
Administrative Agent herein; 

(d) shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent under or in connection
with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the
Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court
of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the
Company, a Lender or an L/C Issuer; and 

(e) shall not be responsible for or have any duty or obligation to any Lender or participant or
any other Person to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered
hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the
validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other
than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 

9.04Reliance by
Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any
electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement
made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance,
extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such L/C Issuer
unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who
may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 

9.05Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers
hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such
sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article IX shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of
the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the
extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.

9.06Resignation of Administrative Agent. 

(a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Company. Upon receipt of
any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Company, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the
United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed 

75 

by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be
agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, appoint a successor Administrative Agent
meeting the qualifications set forth above, provided that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance
with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 

(b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to
clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Company and such Person remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, in consultation with the
Company, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal
Effective Date), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. 

(c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or removed
Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all
payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each L/C Issuer directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor
Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successors appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the
retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(g) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the
Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already
discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06). The fees payable by the Company to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the
Company and such successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agents resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article IX and Section 10.04 shall
continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them
(i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents,
including in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. 

(d) Any
resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.06 shall also constitute its resignation as an L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender. If Bank of America resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain
all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right
to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c). If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the
Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in
outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to Section 2.04(c).Upon the appointment by the Company of a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), (a)
such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as applicable, (b) the retiring L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender shall be discharged from
all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such
succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 

76 

9.07Non-Reliance on the Administrative
Agent, the Arranger and the Other Lenders. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent nor the Arranger has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent
or the Arranger hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party of any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent
or the Arranger to any Lender or each L/C Issuer as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent or the Arranger have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties) possession. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer
represents to the Administrative Agent and the Arranger that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it
has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all
applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrowers hereunder. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer also acknowledges that
it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make
its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations
as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents and warrants that (i) the Loan
Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender or L/C Issuer for the purpose of
making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or L/C Issuer, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and
each Lender and each L/C Issuer agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans
and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such
other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. 

9.08No Other Duties, Etc. Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Bookrunners, Arrangers or Syndication Agents or Documentation Agents listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities
under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an L/C Issuer hereunder. 

9.09Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law
or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and
irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on any Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 

(a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and
all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent under
Sections 2.03(i) and (j), 2.09 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b) to collect and receive
any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee,
liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall
consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents
and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04. 

77 

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or
accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in
respect of the claim of any Lender or any L/C Issuer in any such proceeding. 

9.10Guaranty Matters. The Lenders and the L/C
Issuers irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty (a) if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan
Documents or (b) if such Subsidiary ceases to, or substantially contemporaneously with the release of its Subsidiary Guaranty hereunder will cease to, or at such time does not, Guarantee any Note Purchase Agreements. The Administrative Agent
shall effect any such release permitted by the immediately preceding sentence at the Companys request (and shall, at the Companys expense execute and deliver such documentation as the Company may reasonably request to effect, evidence or
acknowledge such release); provided that the Company shall deliver a certificate of a Responsible Officer to the Administrative Agent, representing and warranting that (i) no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from such
release and (ii) the Person to be released is not required to be a Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Loan Documents. 

Upon request by the
Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agents authority to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty pursuant to this
Section 9.10. 

9.11 Certain ERISA Matters. 

(a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from
the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any other Loan
Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 

(i) such Lender is not using plan assets
(within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments
or this Agreement, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions
involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a
class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house
asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 

(iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning
of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of
Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole
discretion, and such Lender. 

78 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause
(i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in
the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such
Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect
to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lenders entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or
exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 

9.12Recovery of Erroneous Payments. Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the
Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by any Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each
Lender Recipient Party receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Recipient Party in Same Day Funds in the currency so received, with
interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise
claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient Party
promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. 

ARTICLE X. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

10.01Amendments, Etc. Subject to Section 3.03 and the last paragraph of this
Section 10.01, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Company or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing
signed by the Required Lenders and the Company or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
purpose for which given; provided, however, that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 

(a) waive any condition set
forth in Section 4.01(a) without the written consent of each Lender; 

(b) extend or increase the Commitment of
any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02) without the written consent of such Lender; 

(c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to
the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 

(d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iv) of
the second proviso to this Section 10.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided, however,
that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate; 

(e) modify Section 2.13 or any other provision hereof in a manner that would have the effect of altering the ratable
reduction of Commitments, pro rata payments or the pro rata sharing of payments otherwise required hereunder or modify Section 8.03, in each case, without the written consent of each Lender; 

79 

(f) change any provision of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders
or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; 

(g) release all or substantially all of the value of the Subsidiary Guaranty without the written consent of each Lender, except to the extent
the release of any Subsidiary Guarantor is permitted pursuant to Section 9.10 (in which case such release may be made by the Administrative Agent acting alone); 

(h) release the Company (from its obligations as a Borrower or as a Guarantor hereunder or the Company Guaranty) or any Designated Borrower,
except in connection with the termination of a Designated Borrowers status as such under Section 2.18 or a merger or consolidation permitted under Section 7.05; 

(i) amend Section 1.09 or the definition of Alternative Currency without the written consent of each
Lender directly affected thereby; or 

(j) subordinate the Obligations to the obligations under any other Indebtedness for Borrowed Money
without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby. 

and, provided, further, that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent
shall, unless in writing and signed by the L/C Issuers in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the L/C Issuers under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by
it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; (iii) no amendment,
waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (iv) the Fee
Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto and (v) the term L/C Commitment may be amended pursuant to a fully executed (and delivered to the Administrative Agent) Notice
of Additional L/C Issuer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms
requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended or
the maturity of any of its Loans may not be extended, the rate of interest on any of its Loans may not be reduced and the principal amount of any of its Loans may not be forgiven, in each case without the consent of such Defaulting Lender and
(y) any waiver, amendment, consent or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such
Defaulting Lender. 

Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the
Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, the Company and the Lenders affected thereby to amend the definition of Alternative Currency or Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate or
Section 1.09 solely to add additional currency options and the applicable interest rate with respect thereto, in each case solely to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 1.09. Notwithstanding
any provision herein to the contrary, this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Company solely to effect jurisdiction-specific amendments in connection with the addition of a Designated Borrower, to
the extent permitted pursuant to Section 2.18. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Agreement may be amended and
restated without the consent of any Lender (but with the consent of the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent) if, upon giving effect to such amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so amended and
restated), the Commitments of such Lender shall have terminated, such Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder and shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued for its
account under this Agreement. 

80 

Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, if the Administrative Agent and the
Company acting together identify any ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including the schedules and exhibits thereto), then the Administrative Agent and
the Company shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect, and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other
party to this Agreement. 

Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, this Agreement may be amended in connection with the entry
into any Credit Increase Amendment in accordance with Section 2.15(g), solely by the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and each Lender providing a portion of the increase pursuant thereto, and without the consent of any other Lender. 

10.02Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication. 

(a) Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except
as provided in clause (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or
electronic mail as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 

(i) if to the Company or any other Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender, to the
address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02; and 

(ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its
Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Company). 

Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier
service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business
hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in sub clause
(b) below, shall be effective as provided in such clause (b). 

(b) Electronic Communications. Notices and other
communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging, and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to
procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or any L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the
Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article II by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lender, any L/C Issuer or the Company may each, in its discretion, agree to accept
notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 

Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an
e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the senders receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that,
for both clauses (i) and (ii), if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of
business on the next business day for the recipient. 

81 

(c) The Platform. THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS
AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE
DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties) have any liability to any
Borrower, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Companys, any Loan Partys or the Administrative
Agents transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet. 

(d) Change of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender may change its
address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by
notice to the Company, the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an
effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to
cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender
or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lenders compliance procedures and Applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the
Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Company or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state
securities laws. 

(e) Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuers and Lenders.The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers
and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic or electronic notices, Committed Loan Notices, Letter of Credit Applications, Notice of Loan Prepayment and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on
behalf of any Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the
recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Loan Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the
reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the
parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 

10.03No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement. No failure by any
Lender, any L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single
or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and
privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the
Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuers; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from
exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender from exercising the rights
and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with
Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of 

82 

claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further, that if
at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to
Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.13, any Lender may, with the
consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 

10.04Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 

(a) Costs and Expenses. The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers (including, but not limited to, (a) the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and
other charges of counsel the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers (taken together) and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction and (b) reasonable and documented out-of-pocket due diligence expenses), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by the L/C Issuers in connection with the issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, any Lender or any L/C Issuer (including, but not limited to, the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of
one counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers (taken together) and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its
rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 10.04, or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including
all such reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 

(b) Indemnification by the Company. The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any
sub-agent thereof), each Lender and each L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee) against, and hold each Indemnitee
harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related documented expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of one counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any
Person (including the Company or any other Loan Party) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby
(including, without limitation, the Indemnitees reliance on any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic Record), the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or
thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
(including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any L/C Issuer to honor a demand for
payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any
property owned or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding
relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Company or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER
OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses,
claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or
(y) result from a claim not involving an act or omission of the Company or any other Loan Party and that is brought by an Indemnitee against another Indemnitee (other than against the arranger or the Administrative Agent in their capacities as
such). Without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c), this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from
any non-Tax claim. 

83 

(c) Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Company for any reason fails to
indefeasibly pay any amount required under clauses (a) or (b) of this Section 10.04 to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any
sub-agent thereof), any L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), such L/C Issuer, the Swing Line Lender or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lenders pro rata share (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity
payment is sought based on each Lenders share of the Total Credit Exposure at such time) of such unpaid amount (including any such unpaid amount in respect of a claim asserted by such Lender), such payment to be made severally among them based
on such Lenders Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought), provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related
expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), such L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party
of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), such L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this
clause (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d). 

(d) Waiver of
Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no Borrower shall assert, and each Borrower hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of
liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated
hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in clause (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended
recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan
Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, except to the extent of direct, as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive, damages determined in a final, nonappealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to
have resulted from such Indemnitees gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. 

(e) Payments. All amounts due under
this Section 10.04 shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor. 

(f)
Survival. The agreements in this Section 10.04 and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Swing Line
Lender, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 

10.05Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of any Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent,
any L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or
preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any
proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not
been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and each L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the
Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment.
The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 

84 

10.06Successors and Assigns. 

(a) Successors and Assigns Generally.The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Company nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder (for the avoidance of doubt not
including an assignment or transfer as part of an intercompany merger or consolidation permitted in accordance with Section 7.05) without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender
may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the
provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (e) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer
by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the
extent provided in clause (d) of this Section 10.06 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders) any legal or
equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time
assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this subsection (b),
participations in L/C Obligations and in Swing Line Loans) at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 

(i) Minimum Amounts. 

(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lenders Commitment and/or the Loans at
the time owing to it or contemporaneous assignments to related Approved Funds (determined after giving effect to such Assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in clause (b)(i)(B) of this Section 10.06 in
the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 

(B) in any case not described in clause (b)(i)(A) of this Section 10.06, the aggregate amount
of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of
the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

(ii) Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the
assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, except that this clause (ii) shall not (A) apply to the Swing Line Lenders
rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans or (B) prohibit any Lender from assigning all or a portion of its rights and obligations among the revolving credit facility provided hereunder on a
non-pro rata basis; 

(iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required
for any assignment except to the extent required by clause (b)(i)(B) of this Section 10.06 and, in addition: 

(A) the consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such
assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof; 

85 

(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender; and 

(C) the consent of each L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be
required for any assignment. 

(iv) Assignment and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall execute and
deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of $3,500; provided, however, that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such
processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 

(v) No Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment shall be made (A) to the Company or any of the
Companys Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B), or
(C) to a natural Person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural Persons). 

(vi) Certain Additional Payments. In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender
hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount
sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Company and the
Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all
payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and
participations in Letters of Credit in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under Applicable
Law without compliance with the provisions of this clause (vi), then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 

(vii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (c) of this
Section 10.06, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and
Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement
(and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections
3.01, 3.04, 3.05, and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no
assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lenders having been a Defaulting Lender. Upon request, each Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note
to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this clause (b) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation
in such rights and obligations in accordance with clause (d) of this Section 10.06. 

(c)
Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of any Borrower (and such agency being solely for Tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agents Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption
delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated 

86 

interest) of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive
absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register
shall be available for inspection by any Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

(d) Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, any Borrower, the Administrative Agent, any L/C
Issuer or any Swing Line Lender, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural Person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural Persons, a Defaulting Lender
or the Company or any of the Companys Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant) in all or a portion of such Lenders rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment
and/or the Loans (including such Lenders participations in L/C Obligations and/or Swing Line Loans) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lenders obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender
shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender
in connection with such Lenders rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(b) without regard to the existence of any
participation. 

Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall
retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of
the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. The Company agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits
of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 10.06 (it being understood
that the documentation required under Section 3.01(g) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to clause
(b) of this Section 10.06; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 10.13 as if it were an assignee under clause (b) of this
Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04, with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable
participation would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a
participation agrees, at the Companys request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted
by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address
of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participants interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register); provided that no Lender shall
have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participants interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other
obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under
Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is
recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent)
shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 

(e) Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or
assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank;
provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

87 

(f) Resignation as L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender after Assignment. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America or any L/C Issuer assigns all of its Commitment and Loans pursuant to clause (b) above, Bank of America or such L/C Issuer may, upon 30 days notice to the
Administrative Agent, the Company and the Lenders, resign as an L/C Issuer-and/or (ii) upon 30 days notice to the Company, resign as Swing Line Lender. In the event of any such resignation as an L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, the
Company shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender hereunder; provided, however, that no failure by the Company to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of
America or the applicable L/C Issuer as an L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be. If the applicable L/C Issuer resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the L/C Issuer hereunder with
respect to all Letters of Credit issued by it and outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk
participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c)). If Bank of America resigns as Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of the Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line
Loans made by it and outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to
Section 2.04(c). Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer and/or Swing Line Lender, (x) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C
Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, and (y) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements
satisfactory to the applicable retiring L/C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of the applicable retiring L/C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit. 

10.07Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer agrees
to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates, its auditors and its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made
will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties
(including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto,
(e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder,
(f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.07, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its
rights and obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 2.15(c) or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other
transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to any of the Borrowers and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Company or
its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder or (ii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the application, issuance, publishing and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with
respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h) with the consent of the Company or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this
Section 10.07, (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company who is not to such
partys knowledge subject to confidentiality obligations to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (z) is independently discovered or developed by a party hereto without utilizing any Information received from the Company or violating
the terms of this Section 10.07. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers
to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. 

For purposes of this Section 10.07, Information means all information received from the Company
or any Subsidiary relating to the Company or any Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to
disclosure by the Company or any Subsidiary, provided that, in the case of information received from the Company or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any
Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.07 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to
maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 

88 

Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers acknowledges that
(a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with Applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities
Laws. 

For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein prohibits any individual from communicating or disclosing information regarding
suspected violations of laws, rules or regulations to a governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory authority without any notification to any person. 

10.08Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each L/C Issuer and each of
their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits
(general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, such L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the
account of the Company or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Company or such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such L/C Issuer or their respective
Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, L/C Issuer or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Company or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured
or are owed to a branch, office or Affiliate of such Lender or such L/C Issuer different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall
exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.17 and, pending such
payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the
Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, each L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this
Section 10.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer agrees to notify the
Company and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 

10.09Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or
agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by Applicable Law (the Maximum Rate). If the Administrative Agent or any
Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Company. In determining whether the interest
contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium
rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations
hereunder. 

10.10Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements
with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written,
relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have
received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 

89 

10.11Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations and
warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties
have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have
had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain
outstanding. 

10.12Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal,
invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith
negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a
particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12, if and to the extent that the enforceability of
any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Swing Line Lender as applicable, then such provisions shall be
deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 

10.13Replacement of Lenders. If the Company is entitled to
replace a Lender pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.06, orif any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or a Non-Consenting Lender or if any other circumstance exists
hereunder that gives the Company the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without
recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 3.01
and 3.04) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that: 

(a) the Company shall have paid (or caused a Designated Borrower to pay) to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in
Section 10.06(b); 

(b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal
of its Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05) from the assignee (to the
extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (or applicable Designated Borrower) (in the case of all other amounts); 

(c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments
required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; 

(d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws; and 

(e) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the
applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 

A Lender shall not be required to make any such
assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

Each party hereto agrees that (a) an assignment required pursuant to this Section 10.13 may be effected
pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and (b) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall
be deemed to have consented to an be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such
assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided, further that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 

90 

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 10.13 to the contrary,
(i) any Lender that acts as an L/C Issuer may not be replaced hereunder at any time it has any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements satisfactory to such Lender (including the furnishing of a backstop standby letter of
credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer, reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer or the depositing of cash collateral into a cash collateral account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer)
have been made with respect to such outstanding Letter of Credit and (ii) the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.06. 

10.14Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 

(a) GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN
CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES. 

(b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION,
LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY,
AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND
DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED
IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. 

(c) WAIVER OF VENUE. EACH PARTY HERETO
IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER
LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN CLAUSE (B) OF THIS SECTION 10.14. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH
ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 

(d) SERVICE OF PROCESS. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN
THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 

91 

10.15Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY
OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE
EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND
CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.15. 

10.16No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with all aspects
of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Company and each other Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its
Affiliates understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, and the Lenders are arms-length
commercial transactions between the Company, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) each of the Company and the other Loan
Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Company and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and
conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, each Arrangerand each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in
writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Company, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative
Agent, any Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to the Company, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in
the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company, the other
Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, any Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Company, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the
fullest extent permitted by law, each ofthe Company and each other Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged
breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 

10.17Electronic
Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts. This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic
Signatures. Each of the Loan Parties and each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender Party agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual,
original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if
a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same
Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into
PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any
Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record (Electronic Copy), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Persons business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in
the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the
contrary, neither the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer nor the Swing Line Lender is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by
it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent and/or any L/C Issuer and/or Swing Line Lender has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lender
Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and/or any Lender Party without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender
Party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. 

92 

Neither the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer nor the Swing Line Lender shall be
responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in
connection with the Administrative Agents, any L/C Issuers or Swing Line Lenders reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent, L/C Issuers and
the Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or
intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in
fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 

Each of the Loan Parties and each Lender Party
hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document,
and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Lender Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agents and/or any Lender Partys reliance on or use of Electronic
Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 

10.18USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself
and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the
Act), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Company and each other Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of the Company and each other Loan Party and other information
that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Company and each other Loan Party in accordance with the Act. The Company and each other Loan Party shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative
Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering
rules and regulations, including the Act. 

10.19 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL
AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES. 

10.20Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or any L/C Issuer that is an Affected
Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees
to be bound by: 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such
liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or any L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

93 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or
other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by
it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 

10.21Judgment Currency. If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder
or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on
the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of each Loan Party in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding
any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency) other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency), be discharged only to
the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in
accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from any Loan
Party in the Agreement Currency, such Loan Party agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement
Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to such Loan Party (or to
any other Person who may be entitled thereto under Applicable law). 

10.22Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To
the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support, and each such QFC, a
Supported QFC), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable
notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

(a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party) becomes subject to a proceeding
under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing
such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such
interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special
Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such
Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is
understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 

(b) As used in this Section 10.22, the following terms have the following meanings: 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted
in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 

94 

Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a
covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or
(iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 

Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term
qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

10.23Amendment and Restatement. 

(a) On the Closing Date, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety by
this Agreement and (a) all references to the Existing Credit Agreement in any Loan Document other than this Agreement (including in any amendment, waiver or consent) shall be deemed to refer to the Existing Credit Agreement as amended and
restated hereby, (b) all references to any section (or subsection) of the Existing Credit Agreement in any Loan Document (but not herein) shall be amended to be, mutatis mutandis, references to the corresponding provisions of this
Agreement, (c) except as the context otherwise provides, all references to this Agreement herein (including for purposes of indemnification and reimbursement of fees) shall be deemed to be reference to the Existing Credit Agreement as amended
and restated hereby and (d) each Loan Party (i) reaffirms all of its obligations under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and (ii) acknowledges and agrees that subsequent to, and taking into account all of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, each Loan Document to which it is a party shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with the terms thereof. This Agreement is not intended to constitute, and does not constitute, a novation of the obligations
and liabilities under the Existing Credit Agreement (including the Obligations as defined therein) or to evidence payment of all or any portion of such obligations and liabilities. 

(b) Upon the occurrence of the Closing Date, the Commitments (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) (the Existing
Commitments) of any Lender party to (and as defined in) the Existing Credit Agreement that does not submit its signature page to this Agreement on the Closing Date (each, a Departing Lender) shall be
terminated. After giving effect to (x) the termination of the Existing Commitments of Departing Lenders and (y) the Commitments of the Lenders hereunder on Schedule 2.01, it may be the case that the outstanding Revolving Credit Exposure is
not held pro rata in accordance with the new Commitments. In order to remedy the foregoing, on the Closing Date, each of the parties hereto agrees that Administrative Agent may take any and all actions as may be reasonably necessary to ensure that,
upon the Closing Date and the execution of this Agreement, each Lender shares in the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure pro rata in accordance with the new Commitments. 

95 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed
as of the date first above written. 

ARTHUR J. GALLAGHER & CO.

By: 

/s/ Sara Walsh Elliott

Name: Sara Walsh Elliott

Title: Vice President and Treasurer

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as Administrative Agent

By: 

/s/ David J. Smith

Name: David J. Smith

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,

as a
Lender and an L/C Issuer

By: 

/s/ Sidhima Daruka

Name: Sidhima Daruka

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Ronnie Glenn

Name: Ronnie Glenn

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

BMO BANK N.A.,

as
Lender

By: 

/s/ Brian Doyle

Name: Brian Doyle

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

CITIBANK N.A.,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Maureen Maroney

Name: Maureen Maroney

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Milena Kolev

Name: Milena Kolev

Title: Executive Director

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Michael King

Name: Michael King

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Jesse Lawrence

Name: Jesse Lawrence

Title: Duly Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Holly Michau

Name: Holly Michau

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

LLOYDS BANK PLC,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Lee Chester

Name: Lee Chester

Title: Associate Director

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Kathleen J. McClure

Name: Kathleen J. McClure

Title: VP FIG UW

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

THE TORONTO-DOMINION BANK, NEW YORK BRANCH,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Archana Joshee

Name: Archana Joshee

Title: Authorized Signatory

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Kimberly Shaffer

Name: Kimberly Shaffer

Title: Managing Director

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

NATIONAL WESTMINSTER BANK PLC,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Jonathan Biggs

Name: Jonathan Biggs

Title: Director

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Ryan Benefiel

Name: Ryan Benefiel

Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

LAKE FOREST BANK & TRUST COMPANY, N.A., A SUBSIDIARY OF WINTRUST FINANCIAL CORPORATION,

as Lender

By: 

/s/ Chris Martinelli

Name: Chris Martinelli

Title: VP

[Signature Page to Credit Agreement] 

SCHEDULE 1.01 

EXISTING LETTERS OF CREDIT 

1. 

Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit No. 68197114 issued by Bank of America, N.A. for the account of
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. in favor of Commissioner of Ins. Delaware Dept of Insurance in the amount of USD 25,000, expiring on May 16, 2025. 

2. 

Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit No. 68197115 issued by Bank of America, N.A. for the account of
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. in favor of Charles Schwab in the amount of USD 250,000, expiring on November 17, 2025. 

3. 

Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit No. 68197110 issued by Bank of America, N.A. for the account of
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. in favor of Commissioner of Ins. State of Delaware in the amount of USD 25,000, expiring on December 8, 2025. 

4. 

Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit No. 68197112 issued by Bank of America, N.A. for the account of
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. in favor of Commissioner of Ins. State of Delaware in the amount of USD 25,000, expiring on December 8, 2025. 

5. 

Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit No. 68197111 issued by Bank of America, N.A. for the account of
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. in favor of Commissioner of Ins. State of Delaware in the amount of USD 500,000, expiring on December 8, 2025. 

6. 

Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit No. 68185871 issued by Bank of America, N.A. for the account of
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. in favor of The Hartford Insurance Company in the amount of USD 350,000, expiring on September 16, 2025. 

7. 

Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit No. 68197113 issued by Bank of America, N.A. for the account of
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. in favor of Commissioner of Ins. State of Delaware in the amount of USD 25,000, expiring on December 31, 2025. 

8. 

Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit No. 68197116 issued by Bank of America, N.A. for the account of
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. in favor of Pronto Bene Sterling Casualty Ins Co in the amount of USD 800,000, expiring on November 7, 2025. 

9. 

Irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit No. 68197203 issued by Bank of America, N.A. for the account of
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. in favor of Union Investment Real Estate GmbH in the amount of USD 74,860.41, expiring on January 5, 2026. 

SCHEDULE 2.01A 

COMMITMENTS AND APPLICABLE PERCENTAGES 

Lender Applicable Percentage Commitment 

Bank of America, N.A. 10.00 % $ 250,000,000.00 

BMO Bank, N.A. 8.60 % $ 215,000,000.00 

Barclays Bank PLC 8.60 % $ 215,000,000.00 

Citibank, N.A. 8.60 % $ 215,000,000.00 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8.60 % $ 215,000,000.00 

Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 8.60 % $ 215,000,000.00 

Capital One, N.A. 6.50 % $ 162,500,000.00 

HSBC Bank USA, National Association 6.50 % $ 162,500,000.00 

Lloyds Bank plc 6.50 % $ 162,500,000.00 

PNC Bank, National Association 6.50 % $ 162,500,000.00 

The Toronto-Dominion Bank, New York Branch 6.50 % $ 162,500,000.00 

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 6.50 % $ 162,500,000.00 

National Westminster Bank Plc 4.00 % $ 100,000,000.00 

The Huntington National Bank 2.00 % $ 50,000,000.00 

Lake Forest Bank & Trust, National Association 2.00 % $ 50,000,000.00 

Total 100.00 % $ 2,500,000,000.00 

SCHEDULE 2.01B 

SWING LINE COMMITMENTS 

Swing Line Lender Commitment 

Bank of America, N.A. $ 250,000,000.00 

Total $ 250,000,000.00 

SCHEDULE 2.01C 

LETTER OF CREDIT COMMITMENTS 

L/C Issuer Commitment 

Bank of America, N.A. $ 75,000,000.00 

Total $ 75,000,000.00 

SCHEDULE 5.02 

UNRESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES 

1. 

Elantis Premium Funding Limited 

2. 

Elantis Premium Funding (NZ) Limited 

3. 

Monument Premium Funding Limited 

SCHEDULE 10.02 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENTS OFFICE; CERTAIN ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES 

If to the Company or any other Loan Party: 

Arthur J.
Gallagher & Co. 

2850 Golf Road 

Rolling Meadows,
Illinois 60008-4050 

Attention: General Counsel 

Telephone:

Telecopy: 

Electronic Mail: 

with a copy to: 

Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. 

2850 Golf Road 

Rolling Meadows, Illinois 60008-4050 

Attention: Treasurer 

Telephone: 

Telecopy: 

Electronic Mail: 

If to the Administrative Agent: 

Notices as
Administrative Agent: (for compliance reporting, amendments, consents, waivers and notices) 

Bank of America, N.A. 

Agency Management 

7105 Corporate Drive, Building B 

Mail Code: TX2-981-02-29

Plano, TX 75024 

Attention:

Telephone:

Electronic Mail:

Bank of America, N.A.

Enterprise Credit 

BANK OF AMERICA TOWER 

ONE BRYANT PARK 

United States of America 

Mail Code: NY1-100-35-07

NEW YORK, NY, 10036 

Attention: Sidhima Daruka 

Telephone:

Electronic Mail:

Notices to Administrative Agents Office (for payments and Requests for Credit Extensions):

Bank of America, N.A. 

1950 N. Stemmons Freeway, Ste.
6053 

Dallas, TX 75207 

Mail Code Dallas Infomart 

Attention: Betty Coleman 

Telephone: 

Fax No.: 

Electronic Mail: 

L/C Issuer: Bank of America 

Bank of America Trade
Operations 

Mail Code:
PA6-580-02-30

1 Fleet Way 

Scranton, PA 18507 

Phone: 

Fax: 

Email: 

Attn: Michael Grizzanti 

Phone: 

Fax: 

Email: 

Swing Line Lender: Bank of America, N.A 

EMEA Lending
Services 

26 Elmfield Road 

Bromley, Kent BR1 1LR 

Phone: 

Fax: 

Email: 

with a copy to: 

Bank of America, N.A. 

7105 Corporate Drive, Building B 

Mail Code: TX2-981-02-29

Plano, TX 75024 

Attention: David J. Smith; Betty Coleman

Telephone:

Electronic Mail:

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF COMMITTED LOAN NOTICE 

Date: ___________, _____1

To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

Ladies and
Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended,
supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto (each, a Designated Borrower and, together with the Company, the Borrowers and each a
Borrower), each lender from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, a Swing Line Lender
and an L/C Issuer, and the other Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto. 

The undersigned hereby requests2: 

Indicate:

Borrowing,

Conversion or

Continuation 

Indicate:

Applicable

Borrower

Name 

Indicate:

Requested

Date 

Indicate:

Request

Amount and

Currency 

Indicate:

Base Rate Loans,

SOFR Daily

Floating
Rate

Loans, Term

SOFR Loans,

Alternative

Currency

Loans 

For Term SOFR

Loans or

Alternative

Currency Term

Rate Loans

Indicate:

Interest
Period

(e.g., 1, 3 or 6

month interest

period)

The Committed
Borrowing, if any, requested herein complies with the provisos to the first sentence of Section 2.01 of the Agreement. 

1 

All requests submitted under a single Committed Loan Notice must be effective on the same date. If multiple
effective dates are needed, multiple Committed Loan Notices will need to be prepared and signed. 

2 

For multiple borrowings, conversions and/or continuations, fill out a new row for each borrowing/conversion
and/or continuation. 

[APPLICABLE BORROWER],

By: 

Name: [Type Signatory Name]

Title: [Type Signatory Title]

A-2 

Form of Committed Loan Notice 

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF SWING LINE LOAN NOTICE1

Date: ___________, _____ 

To: Bank of America,
N.A., as Swing Line Lender 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to that certain
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein being used herein as
therein defined), among Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., a Delaware corporation (the Company), certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto (each, a Designated Borrower and, together
with the Company, the Borrowers and each a Borrower), each lender from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender), and BANK OF
AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, a Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and the other Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto. 

The undersigned hereby requests a Swing Line Loan: 

1. 

On______________________________ (a Business Day). 

2. 

In the amount of $__________________2.

The Swing Line Borrowing requested herein complies with the requirements of the provisos to the first sentence of
Section 2.04(a) of the Agreement. 

[BORROWER]

By: 

Name: [Type Signatory Name]

Title: [Type Signatory Title]

1 

To be delivered to the Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. two Business
Days prior to the requested borrowing date. 

2 

To be a minimum of 100,000.00 

B-1 

Form of Swing Line Loan Notice 

EXHIBIT C

FORM OF NOTE1

$[_____________] [ Date ]

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (the Borrower), hereby promises to pay to
_____________________ or registered assigns (the Lender), in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of each Loan from time to time made by the Lender to the Borrower
under that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein
being used herein as therein defined), among Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., a Delaware corporation (the Company), certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto, each lender from time to time party
thereto, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, a Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and the other Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto. 

The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date of such Loan until such principal amount is
paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. All payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lender in the currency in which such Loan was denominated
and in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agents Office for payments in such currency. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the
date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Agreement. 

This Note is one
of the Notes referred to in the Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. This Note is also entitled to the benefits of the Company Guaranty and the
Subsidiary Guaranty. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable all as
provided in the Agreement. Loans made by the Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by the Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Lender may also attach schedules to this Note and endorse thereon the
date, amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 

The Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns,
hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Note. 

1 

Legend pursuant to Treas. Reg. 1.1275-3 to be included to the note
issued with original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

C-1 

Form of Note 

THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT
GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES. 

[APPLICABLE BORROWER]

By: 

Name: [Type Signatory Name]

Title: [Type Signatory Title]

C-2 

Form of Note 

LOANS AND PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT THERETO 

Date 

Type of

Loan

Made 

Amount

of Loan

Made 

Currency

of Loan 

End of

Interest

Period (if

applicable) 

Amount of

Principal

or Interest

Paid
This

Date 

Outstanding

Principal

Balance This

Date 

Notation

Made By

C-3 

Form of Note 

EXHIBIT D

FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

Check for distribution to PUBLIC and Private side
Lenders1

Financial Statement Date: [______________] 

To: Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

Ladies and
Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2025 (as amended, restated,
extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Agreement; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto (each, a Designated Borrower and, together with the Company, the Borrowers and each a
Borrower), each lender from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, a Swing Line Lender
and an L/C Issuer, and the other Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto. 

The undersigned [President]/[Chief
Financial Officer]/[Chief Accounting Officer][Vice President and Treasurer] hereby certifies as of the date hereof that the undersigned is the of the Company, and that, as
such, the undersigned is authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate to the Administrative Agent on the behalf of the Company, and that: 

[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal year-end financial statements] 

1. The Company has delivered (or has been deemed to have delivered in accordance with the last paragraph of
Section 6.01 of the Agreement) the year-end audited financial statements required by Section 6.01(b) of the Agreement for the fiscal year of the Company
ended as of the above date, together with the report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant required by such section. 

[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal quarter-end financial statements]

1. The Company has delivered (or has been deemed to have delivered in accordance with the last paragraph of
Section 6.01 of the Agreement) the unaudited financial statements required by Section 6.01(a) of the Agreement for the fiscal quarter of the Company ended as of the above date. Such financial
statements fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP as at such date and for such period, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 

2. The undersigned has reviewed and is
familiar with the terms of the Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company during the accounting period covered by such
financial statements. 

3. A review of the activities of the Company during such fiscal period has been made under the supervision of the
undersigned with a view to determining whether during such fiscal period the Company performed and observed all its Obligations under the Loan Documents, and 

1 

If this is not checked, this certificate will only be posted to Private side Lenders. 

D-1 

Form of Compliance Certificate 

[select one:] 

[to the best knowledge of the undersigned, during such fiscal period the Company performed and observed each covenant and condition of the
Loan Documents applicable to it, and no Default or Event of Default has occurred during such period.] 

--or--

[to the best knowledge of the undersigned, during
such fiscal period the following covenants or conditions have not been performed or observed and the following is a list of each such Default or Event of Default and its nature and status (including the action, if any, taken by the Borrowers to
remedy such Default or Event of Default):] 

4. Set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto are calculations supporting the foregoing
statement in respect of Sections 6.11, 7.01, 7.02 and 7.04 of the Credit Agreement. 

D-2 

Form of Compliance Certificate 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of
__________________________, ___________. 

ARTHUR J. GALLAGHER & CO.

By: 

Name: [Type Signatory Name]

Title: [Type Signatory Title]

D-3 

Form of Compliance Certificate 

For the Quarter/Year ended ___________________(Statement Date) 

SCHEDULE 1 

to the
Compliance Certificate 

[See attached] 

D-4 

Form of Compliance Certificate 

ARTHUR J. GALLAGHER & CO. 

LINE COVENANT CALCULATIONS 

FOR THE QUARTER ENDED [_____] PAGE 1 OF 2

CASH FLOW LEVERAGE RATIO SECTION 7.01 

DEBT 

DEBT OUTSTANDING - AJG (1) 

DEBT OUTSTANDING - UNRESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES 

DEBT OUTSTANDING - OTHER 

GUARANTEES 

LOCs 

COMMITMENTS 

EXCESS CASH (50% * ((a)-(b))) 

(a) Cash and cash equivalents as per consolidated balance sheet 

(b) Restricted cash 

NET DEBT 

ADJUSTED EBITDA 

NET EARNINGS 

4 quarters ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

NET EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 

4 quarters ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

INTEREST EXPENSE 

4 quarters ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

INCOME TAXES (Including any portion in Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling
interests) 

4 quarters ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

FRANCHISE TAXES 

4 quarters ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

DEPRECIATION/AMORTIZATION 

4 quarters ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

CHANGE IN ESTIMATED EARNOUTS 

4 quarters ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

ACQUISITIONS EBITDA (2) 

401(K) AND SST PLAN MATCH EXPENSE TO BE SETTLED IN STOCK 

4 quarters ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

NON-CASH STOCK COMPENSATION EXPENSE 

4 quarters ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

RESTRUCTURING, WORKFORCE AND LEASE TERMINATION CHARGES 

4 quarters ended [__]/[__]/[_____] * 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

ACQUISITION PROFESSIONAL FEES 

4 quarters ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

TOTAL EBITDA 

UNRESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES - EBITDA 

4 quarters ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

CASH FLOW LEVERAGE RATIO No greater than 3.50 

OK 

(1) - 

Includes all recourse debt of AJGFS, acquisitions, subsidiaries, capital leases and contingent purchase price
of acquisitions required to be paid in cash. 

(2) - 

Name of the acquisition/divestiture and amount being contributed will be provided as reasonably
requested by the Administrative Agent upon request of a Lender 

(*) - 

Net of legal fees, where applicable. 

ARTHUR J. GALLAGHER & CO. 

LINE COVENANT CALCULATIONS 

FOR THE QUARTER ENDED [_____] PAGE 2 OF 2

INTEREST COVERAGE RATIO SECTION 7.02 

ADJUSTED EBITDA 

TOTAL EBITDA 

ACQUISITIONS EBITDA 

TOTAL UNRESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES EBITDA 

ADJUSTED EBITDA 

INTEREST EXPENSE 

4 quarters ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

1 quarter ended [__]/[__]/[_____] 

UNRESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES (3 )

INTEREST COVERAGE RATIO No less than 4.00 

OK 

(3) - Not included in consolidated interest expense. It is in operating expenses.

PRIORITY INDEBTEDNESS SECTION 7.04 

NONE 

RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES SECTION 6.11 

TOTAL CONSOLIDATED ASSETS 

TOTAL UNRESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES ASSETS 

DIFFERENCE 

TOTAL ASSETS OF RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES AS A PERCENT OF TOTAL CONSOLIDATED ASSETS Equal to or greater than 90 % 

OK 

TOTAL EBITDA 

TOTAL UNRESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES EBITDA 

DIFFERENCE 

TOTAL EBITDA OF RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES AS A PERCENT OF TOTAL CONSOLIDATED EBITDA 

Equal to or greater than

90% 

OK 

DEBT OUTSTANDING OF UNRESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES THAT IS
NON-RECOURSE TO THE COMPANY OR ANY RESTRICTED SUBSIDIARY 

EXHIBIT E-1

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 

This Assignment and Assumption (this Assignment and Assumption) is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is
entered into by and between [the][each]1 Assignor identified in item 1 below ([the][each, an] Assignor) and [the][each]2
Assignee identified in item 2 below ([the][each, an] Assignee). [It is understood and agreed that the rights and obligations of [the Assignors][the Assignees]3 hereunder are
several and not joint.]4 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the Credit
Agreement), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by [the][each] Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this
Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 

For an agreed consideration, [the][each] Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and
assigns to [the Assignee][the respective Assignees], and [the][each] Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from [the Assignor][the respective Assignors], subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit
Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of [the Assignors][the respective Assignors] rights and obligations in [its capacity as a Lender][their respective capacities as
Lenders] under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto in the amount[s] and equal to the percentage interest[s] identified below of all the outstanding rights and obligations identified
below (including, without limitation, the Letters of Credit) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under Applicable Law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of [the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)][the
respective Assignors (in their respective capacities as Lenders)] against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan
transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights
and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by [the][any] Assignor to [the][any] Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as
[the][an] Assigned Interest). Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to [the][any] Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by [the][any] Assignor.

1. Assignor[s]: 

[Assignor [is] [is not] a Defaulting Lender]

2. Assignee[s]: 

[for each Assignee, indicate [Affiliate][Approved Fund] of [identify Lender]]

3. Borrower(s): 

4. Administrative Agent: Bank of America, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement

1 

For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignor(s), if the assignment is from a
single Assignor, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is from multiple Assignors, choose the second bracketed language. 

2 

For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignee(s), if the assignment is to a
single Assignee, choose the first bracketed language. If the assignment is to multiple Assignees, choose the second bracketed language. 

3 

Select as appropriate. 

4 

Include bracketed language if there are either multiple Assignors or multiple Assignees. 

E-1-1

Form of Assignment and Assumption 

5. Credit Agreement: Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2025, among
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., a Delaware corporation (the Company), certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto (each, a Designated Borrower and, together with the Company, the
Borrowers and each a Borrower), each lender from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as
Administrative Agent, a Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and the other Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto. 

6.
Assigned Interest[s]: 

Assignor[s]5 Assignee[s]6 Aggregate

Amount of

Commitment

for all Lenders7 Amount of

Commitment

Assigned Percentage

Assigned of

Commitment8 CUSIP

Number 

$ ____________ $ _________ __________ % 

$ ____________ $ _________ __________ % 

$ ____________ $ _________ __________ % 

[7. Trade Date: __________________]9

Effective Date: __________________, 20__ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE
REGISTER THEREFOR.] 

The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to: 

5 

List each Assignor, as appropriate. 

6 

List each Assignee and, if available, its market entity identifier, as appropriate. 

7 

Amounts in this column and in the column immediately to the right to be adjusted by the counterparties to take
into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 

8 

Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder.

9 

To be completed if the Assignor(s) and the Assignee(s) intend that the minimum assignment amount is to be
determined as of the Trade Date. 

E-1-2

Form of Assignment and Assumption 

ASSIGNOR[S]10

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Name: [Type Signatory Name]

Title: [Type Signatory Title]

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

By: 

Name: [Type Signatory Name]

Title: [Type Signatory Title]

ASSIGNEE[S]11

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Name: [Type Signatory Name]

Title: [Type Signatory Title]

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

By: 

Name: [Type Signatory Name]

Title: [Type Signatory Title]

10 

Add additional signature blocks as needed. Include both Fund/Pension Plan and manager making the trade (if
applicable). 

11 

Add additional signature blocks as needed. Include both Fund/Pension Plan and manager making the trade (if
applicable). 

E-1-3

Form of Assignment and Assumption 

[Consented to and]12 Accepted:

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as

Administrative Agent

By: 

Name: [Type Signatory Name]

Title: [Type Signatory Title]

[Consented to:]13

[NAME OF RELEVANT PARTY], as [ ]

By: 

Name: [Type Signatory Name]

Title: [Type Signatory Title]

12 

To be added only if the consent of the Administrative Agent is required by the terms of the Credit Agreement.

13 

To be added only if the consent of the Borrower and/or other parties (e.g. L/C Issuer) is required by the terms
of the Credit Agreement. 

E-1-4

Form of Assignment and Assumption 

ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 

ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 

1.
Representations and Warranties. 

1.1Assignor[s]. [The][Each] Assignor (a) represents and warrants that
(i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, (ii) [the][such] Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken
all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) it is [not] a Defaulting Lender; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any
statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents [or any
collateral thereunder], (iii) the financial condition of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 

1.2Assignee. 

(1) [The][Each] Assignee represents and warrants that: 

(i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement; 

(ii) it meets
all the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iii) and (v) of the Credit Agreement (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii) of
the Credit Agreement); 

(iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit
Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder; 

(iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by [the][such] Assigned Interest
and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire [the][such] Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type; 

(v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of
the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into
this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest; 

(vi) it has, independently and without
reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase [the][such]
Assigned Interest; and 

(vii) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by
it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by [the][such] Assignee; 

(2) [The][Each]
Assignee agrees that: 

E-1-5

Form of Assignment and Assumption 

(i) it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative
Agent, [the][any] Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents; and 

(ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are
required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make
all payments in respect of [the][each] Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to [the][the relevant] Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to [the][the
relevant] Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the
Effective Date to [the][the relevant] Assignee. 

3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and
inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by Electronic Signature shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles. 

E-1-6

Form of Assignment and Assumption 

EXHIBIT E-2

FORM OF ADMINISTRATIVE QUESTIONNAIRE 

[On file with Administrative Agent] 

E-2-1

Form of Administrative Questionnaire 

EXHIBIT F

FORM OF COMPANY GUARANTY 

[See Attached] 

COMPANY GUARANTY 

This COMPANY GUARANTY (this Guaranty), dated as of April [__], 2025, is made and entered into by Arthur J.
Gallagher & Co., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lender Parties), in connection with the Credit
Agreement (as defined below). 

WHEREAS, the Company is party to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended, restated,
amended and restated, waived, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement; capitalized terms used but not defined in this Guaranty being used herein with the definitions provided therefor in the
Credit Agreement), dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Company, certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto (each, a Designated Borrower and, together with the Company, the
Borrowers and each a Borrower), each lender from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as
Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent), a Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and the other Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto. 

WHEREAS, pursuant the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Company is required to execute and deliver this Guaranty; 

NOW THEREFORE, FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and in consideration of the credit and financial
accommodation heretofore and hereafter from time to time made or granted to various Subsidiaries pursuant to the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the Company as a guarantor (in such capacity, the Guarantor) hereby
furnishes its guaranty as follows: 

1.Guaranty. The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the
Administrative Agent and each Lender Party the full and prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, upon acceleration, demand or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Guaranteed Obligations (as hereafter
defined) and the punctual performance of all of the terms contained in the Loan Documents in connection with the Guaranteed Obligations. This Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and performance and is not merely a guaranty of collection. As used
herein, the term Guaranteed Obligations means any and all existing and future Obligations which may be payable by each Borrower to the Administrative Agent and any Lender Party under the Credit Agreement and any other Loan
Documents (including all renewals, extensions, amendments, refinancings and other modifications thereof and all costs, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party in connection with the collection or
enforcement thereof) (in each case, to the extent required to be paid under the Credit Agreement). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Guaranteed Obligations shall include any such indebtedness, obligations, and liabilities which
may be or hereafter become unenforceable or shall be an allowed or disallowed claim under any proceeding or case commenced by or against the Guarantor or any Borrower under any Debtor Relief Laws, and shall include interest that accrues after the
commencement by or against any Borrower of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws. 

2.No Setoff or Deductions; Taxes;
Payments. The Guarantor shall make all payments hereunder without setoff or counterclaim and free and clear of and without deduction for any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions, withholdings, compulsory loans, restrictions
or conditions of any nature now or hereafter imposed or levied by any jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or taxing or other authority therein, in each case, as more fully set forth in the Credit Agreement, unless the Guarantor is
compelled by law to make such deduction or withholding (in which case such deduction or withholding, if any, shall be made as set forth in Section 3.01 of the Credit Agreement). In furtherance thereof,
Section 2.12 and Section 3.01 of the Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Guaranty, mutatis mutandis. The obligations of the Guarantor under this paragraph shall survive the
payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations and termination of this Guaranty. The obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any acts of any legislative body or governmental authority affecting the Guarantor, any Borrower or any other
guarantor, including but not limited to, any restrictions on the conversion of currency or repatriation or control of funds or any total or partial expropriation of the Guarantors, any Borrowers or other guarantors property, or by
economic, political, regulatory or other events in the countries where the Guarantor, any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations or any Borrower is located. 

3.Rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lender Parties. The Guarantor
consents and agrees that the Administrative Agent and Lender Parties may, at any time and from time to time, without notice or demand, and without affecting the enforceability or continuing effectiveness hereof: (a) amend, extend, renew,
compromise, discharge, accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment or the terms of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof; (b) take, hold, exchange, enforce, waive, release, fail to perfect, sell, or otherwise dispose of any
security for the payment of this Guaranty or any Guaranteed Obligations; (c) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion may determine; and (d) release or substitute
one or more of any endorsers or other guarantors of any of the Guaranteed Obligations. The Guarantor hereby consents and agrees that (i) additional Borrowers may become party to the Credit Agreement after the date hereof, and this Guaranty
shall remain in full force in effect (including with respect to Guaranteed Obligations incurred by such additional Borrowers), notwithstanding such addition and (ii) other guarantors may guarantee the Guaranteed Obligations, or any subset
thereof, from time to time, and this Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect, notwithstanding any addition or release of such other guarantors in any manner whatsoever. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Guarantor consents
to the taking of, or failure to take, any action which might in any manner or to any extent vary the risks of the Guarantor under this Guaranty or which, but for this provision, might operate as a discharge of the Guarantor. 

4.Certain Waivers. The Guarantor waives to the fullest extent permitted by law (a) any defense arising by reason of any
disability or other defense of any Borrower or any other guarantor, or the cessation from any cause whatsoever (including any act or omission of the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party) of the liability of any Borrower; (b) any defense
based on any claim that the Guarantors obligations exceed or are more burdensome than those of any Borrower; (c) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting the Guarantors liability hereunder; (d) any right to require
the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party to proceed against any Borrower, proceed against or exhaust any security for the Guaranteed Obligations, or pursue any other remedy in the Administrative Agents or any Lender Partys power
whatsoever and any defense based upon the doctrine of marshalling of assets or of election of remedies; (e) any benefit of and any right to participate in any security now or hereafter held by the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party;
(f) any fact or circumstance related to the Guaranteed Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of the Guarantor under this Guaranty and (g) to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all other
defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by applicable law limiting the liability of or exonerating guarantors or sureties other than the defense that the Guaranteed Obligations have been fully performed and indefeasibly paid in
full in cash. 

The Guarantorexpressly waives all presentments, demands for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or
nonperformance, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and all other notices or demands of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations, and all notices of acceptance of this Guaranty or of the existence,
creation or incurrence of new or additional Guaranteed Obligations. This Guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any instrument or agreement evidencing any Guaranteed
Obligations, or by the existence, validity, enforceability, perfection, non-perfection or extent of any collateral therefor, or by any fact or circumstance relating to the Guaranteed Obligations which might
otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of the Guarantor under this Guaranty, and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way relating to any or all of the foregoing. 

5.Obligations Independent. The obligations of the Guarantor hereunder are those of primary obligor, and not merely as surety,
and are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations and the obligations of any other guarantor, and a separate action may be brought against the Guarantor to enforce this Guaranty whether or not any Borrower or any other person or entity is joined as
a party. 

6.Subrogation. The Guarantor shall not exercise any right of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement
or similar rights with respect to any payments it makes under this Guaranty until all of the Guaranteed Obligations and any amounts payable under this Guaranty have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full and any commitments of the Lenders
pursuant to the Loan Documents are terminated. If any amounts are paid to the Guarantor in violation of the foregoing limitation, then such amounts shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lender
Parties, and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent to reduce the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured. 

7.Termination; Reinstatement. This Guaranty is a continuing and irrevocable
guaranty of all Guaranteed Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain in full force and effect until all Guaranteed Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Guaranty are indefeasibly paid in full in cash and any commitments
of the Lenders pursuant to the Loan Documents are terminated; provided that notwithstanding such termination this Guaranty shall remain in effect as to (i) any Guaranteed Obligation that remains outstanding at the time of such termination
(including, without limitation, all renewals, compromises, extensions and modifications of such Guaranteed Obligation) and (ii) any indemnity obligations that arise after such termination by reason of any Guaranteed Obligation that was
outstanding at or prior to the time of such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect or be revived, as the case may be, if any payment by or on behalf of any Borrower or the Guarantor is made,
or the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party exercises its right of setoff , in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or
preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under
any Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, all as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred and whether or not the Administrative Agent is in possession of or has released this Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation,
rescission, termination or reduction. The obligations of the Guarantor under this paragraph shall survive termination of this Guaranty. 

8.Stay of Acceleration. In the event that acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed,
in connection with any case commenced by or against the Guarantor or any Borrower under any Debtor Relief Laws, or otherwise, all such amounts shall nonetheless be payable by the Guarantor immediately upon demand by the Administrative Agent. 

9.Expenses. The Guarantor shall pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agents and the Lender Parties (including, but not limited to, (a) the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of
counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lender Parties (taken together) and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction and (b) reasonable and documented out-of-pocket due diligence expenses), in connection with this Guaranty or in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, including any incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiation in respect of the
Guaranteed Obligations and any incurred in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Guaranty or in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations. The obligations of the Guarantor under this paragraph shall survive
the payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations and termination of this Guaranty. 

10.Miscellaneous. The Administrative
Agents books and records showing the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding, and shall be binding upon the Guarantor and conclusive, absent manifest error, for the purpose of
establishing the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations. No provision of this Guaranty may be waived, amended, supplemented or modified, except (i) as expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents or (ii) by a written
instrument executed by the Administrative Agent and the Guarantor. No failure by the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, remedy or power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall
any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy or power hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of
any other rights, powers, privileges or remedies provided by law or in equity. The unenforceability or invalidity of any provision of this Guaranty shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other provision herein. This Guaranty embodies
the entire agreement and understanding between the Guarantor and the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders, and supersedes all prior agreements and understanding relating to the subject matter hereof. This Guaranty may be executed in as many
counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both counterparts that are executed on paper and counterparts that are Electronic Records and may be executed using Electronic Signatures, each of which, when so executed shall be deemed to be an
original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of a manually executed paper counterpart of this Guaranty (or of any agreement or document required by this Guaranty and any amendment to

this Guaranty) by facsimile or other electronic imaging means (e.g., pdf or tif) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed paper counterpart of this
Guaranty; provided, however, that any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed paper original if required by the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party, but the failure to do so shall not affect the validity,
enforceability or binding effect of this Guaranty. 

11.Condition of Borrowers. The Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that
it has the sole responsibility for, and has adequate means of, obtaining from each Borrower and any other guarantor such information concerning the financial condition, business and operations of such Borrower and any such other guarantor as the
Guarantor requires, and that the Administrative Agent and Lender Parties have no duty, and the Guarantor is not relying on the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party at any time, to disclose to the Guarantor any information relating to the
business, operations or financial condition of any Borrower or any other guarantor (the guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Administrative Agent and Lender Parties to disclose such information and any defense relating to the failure to
provide the same). 

12.Setoff. Each Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent and the other Guarantee
Beneficiaries have rights of setoff with respect to each Guarantor, as more fully set forth in the Credit Agreement. In furtherance thereof, Section 10.08 of the Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated into this Guaranty,
mutatis mutandis. 

13.Representations and Warranties. The Guarantor represents and warrants that (a) it is duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing as a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware, (b) has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Guaranty and to perform all of its obligations hereunder, (c) this
Guaranty constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable in accordance with its terms except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights
generally and general principles of equity (regardless of whether the application of such principles is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), (d) this Guaranty does not contravene or constitute a default under any (x) provision of
law or any judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Guarantor or any provision of the articles of incorporation or by-laws of the Guarantor or (y) any covenant, indenture or agreement of or
affecting the Guarantor where such contravention or default, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (e) no authorization, consent, license, or exemption from, or filing or
registration with, any Governmental Authority, nor any approval or consent of the stockholders of the Guarantor or any other Person, is or will be necessary to the valid execution, delivery or performance by any Borrower of this Guaranty, except for
such approvals which have been obtained and remain in full force and effect. 

14. THE PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS 10.14, 10.15 AND 10.21 OF
THE CREDIT AGREEMENT ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED INTO THIS GUARANTY, MUTATIS MUTANDIS. 

15.Notices. All notices and other
communications to the Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be in writing and shall be delivered in accordance with 10.02 of the Credit Agreement. 

16.Assignment. This Guaranty shall (a) bind the Guarantor and its successors and assigns, provided that the Guarantor may
not assign its rights or obligations under this Guaranty without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and any attempted assignment without such consent shall be void), and (b) inure to the benefit of the Administrative Agent
and the Lender Parties and their successors and assigns and the Administrative Agent and the Lender Parties may, without notice to the Guarantor and without affecting the Guarantors obligations hereunder, assign, sell or grant participations
in the Guaranteed Obligations and this Guaranty, in whole or in part. The Guarantor agrees that the Administrative Agent and any Lender Party may disclose to any assignee of or participant in, or any prospective assignee of or participant in, any of
its rights or obligations of all or part of the Guaranteed Obligations any and all information in the Lenders possession concerning the Guarantor, this Guaranty and any security for this Guaranty, except as may be expressly limited by the
Credit Agreement. 

17.FINAL AGREEMENT. THIS GUARANTY REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE
CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Guarantor has caused this Guaranty to be duly executed as of the date first above
written. 

ARTHUR J. GALLAGHER & CO., as the Guarantor

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Agreed and Acknowledged:

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT G

FORM OF SUBSIDIARY GUARANTY 

[See Attached] 

G-1 

Form of Subsidiary Guaranty 

FORM OF SUBSIDIARY GUARANTY 

This SUBSIDIARY GUARANTY (this Guaranty), dated as of [ ], is made and entered into by each Person from time
to time party hereto as a guarantor (collectively, the Guarantors and each, individually, a Guarantor), in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and
the Lender Parties), in connection with the Credit Agreement. 

WHEREAS, certain Guarantors and/or their Affiliates are party to that
certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (as amended, restated, amended and restated, waived, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement; capitalized terms used but not defined in this Guaranty
being used herein with the definitions provided therefor in the Credit Agreement), dated as of April 3, 2025, by and among Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., a Delaware corporation (the Company), certain Subsidiaries of the
Company from time to time party thereto (each, a Designated Borrower and, together with the Company, the Borrowers and each a Borrower), each lender from time to time party thereto
(collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent), a Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and the
other Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto; and 

WHEREAS, pursuant the terms of the Credit Agreement, each
Guarantor is required or permitted to execute and deliver this Guaranty; 

NOW THEREFORE, FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, and in consideration of the credit and financial accommodation heretofore and hereafter from time to time made or granted to various Subsidiaries pursuant to the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, each Guarantor,
hereby furnishes its guaranty as follows: 

1.Guaranty. Each Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably
guarantees to the Administrative Agent and each Lender Party the full and prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, upon acceleration, demand or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Guaranteed Obligations
(as hereafter defined) and the punctual performance of all of the terms contained in the Loan Documents in connection with the Guaranteed Obligations. This Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and performance and is not merely a guaranty of collection.
As used herein, the term Guaranteed Obligations means any and all existing and future Obligations which may be payable by each Borrower to the Administrative Agent and any Lender Party under the Credit Agreement and any other Loan
Documents (including all renewals, extensions, amendments, refinancings and other modifications thereof and all costs, attorneys fees and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party in connection with the collection or
enforcement thereof) (in each case, to the extent required to be paid under the Credit Agreement). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Guaranteed Obligations shall include any such indebtedness, obligations, and liabilities which
may be or hereafter become unenforceable or shall be an allowed or disallowed claim under any proceeding or case commenced by or against any Guarantor or any Borrower under any Debtor Relief Laws, and shall include interest that accrues after the
commencement by or against any Borrower of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws. 

2.No Setoff or
Deductions; Taxes; Payments. Each Guarantor shall make all payments hereunder without setoff or counterclaim and free and clear of and without deduction for any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, deductions, withholdings, compulsory
loans, restrictions or conditions of any nature now or hereafter imposed or levied by any jurisdiction or any political subdivision thereof or taxing or other authority therein, in each case, as more fully set forth in the Credit Agreement, unless
such Guarantor is compelled by law to make such deduction or withholding (in which case such deduction or withholding, if any, shall be made as set forth in Section 3.01 of the Credit Agreement). In furtherance thereof,
Section 2.12 and Section 3.01 of the Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Guaranty, mutatis mutandis. The obligations of any Guarantor under this paragraph shall survive the
payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations and termination of this Guaranty. The obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any acts of any legislative body or governmental authority affecting any Guarantor, any Borrower or any other
guarantor, including but not limited to, any restrictions on the conversion of currency or repatriation or control of funds or any total or partial expropriation of any Guarantors, any Borrowers or other guarantors property, or by
economic, political, regulatory or other events in the countries where any Guarantor, any other guarantor of the Guaranteed Obligations or any Borrower is located. 

3.Rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lender Parties.
Each Guarantor consents and agrees that the Administrative Agent and Lender Parties may, at any time and from time to time, without notice or demand, and without affecting the enforceability or continuing effectiveness hereof: (a) amend,
extend, renew, compromise, discharge, accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment or the terms of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof; (b) take, hold, exchange, enforce, waive, release, fail to perfect, sell, or otherwise
dispose of any security for the payment of this Guaranty or any Guaranteed Obligations; (c) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion may determine; and
(d) release or substitute one or more of any endorsers or other guarantors of any of the Guaranteed Obligations. Each Guarantor hereby consents and agrees that (i) additional Borrowers may become party to the Credit Agreement after the
date hereof, and this Guaranty shall remain in full force in effect (including with respect to Guaranteed Obligations incurred by such additional Borrowers), notwithstanding such addition and (ii) other guarantors or Guarantors may guarantee
the Guaranteed Obligations, or any subset thereof, from time to time, and this Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect, notwithstanding any addition or release of such other guarantors or Guarantors in any manner whatsoever. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor consents to the taking of, or failure to take, any action which might in any manner or to any extent vary the risks of such Guarantor under this Guaranty or which, but for this provision, might operate
as a discharge of such Guarantor. 

4.Certain Waivers. Each Guarantor waives to the fullest extent permitted
by law (a) any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of any Borrower, any other Guarantor or any other guarantor, or the cessation from any cause whatsoever (including any act or omission of the Administrative Agent or
any Lender Party) of the liability of any Borrower; (b) any defense based on any claim that such Guarantors obligations exceed or are more burdensome than those of any Borrower; (c) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting
such Guarantors liability hereunder; (d) any right to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party to proceed against any Borrower, proceed against or exhaust any security for the Guaranteed Obligations, or pursue any other remedy
in the Administrative Agents or any Lender Partys power whatsoever and any defense based upon the doctrine of marshalling of assets or of election of remedies; (e) any benefit of and any right to participate in any security now or
hereafter held by the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party; (f) any fact or circumstance related to the Guaranteed Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of such Guarantor under this Guaranty and
(g) to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all other defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by applicable law limiting the liability of or exonerating guarantors or sureties other than the defense that the Guaranteed
Obligations have been fully performed and indefeasibly paid in full in cash. 

Each Guarantor expressly waives all presentments, demands
for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and all other notices or demands of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations, and all notices of
acceptance of this Guaranty or of the existence, creation or incurrence of new or additional Guaranteed Obligations. This Guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any
instrument or agreement evidencing any Guaranteed Obligations, or by the existence, validity, enforceability, perfection, non-perfection or extent of any collateral therefor, or by any fact or circumstance
relating to the Guaranteed Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of a Guarantor under this Guaranty, and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now have or hereafter acquire in any way
relating to any or all of the foregoing. 

5.Obligations Independent. The obligations of each Guarantor
hereunder are those of primary obligor, and not merely as surety, and are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations and the obligations of any other guarantor and any other Guarantor, and a separate action may be brought against any Guarantor to
enforce this Guaranty whether or not any Borrower, any other Guarantor or any other person or entity is joined as a party. 

6.Subrogation. No Guarantor shall exercise any right of
subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or similar rights with respect to any payments it makes under this Guaranty until all of the Guaranteed Obligations and any amounts payable under this Guaranty have been indefeasibly paid and
performed in full and any commitments of the Lenders pursuant to the Loan Documents are terminated. If any amounts are paid to a Guarantor in violation of the foregoing limitation, then such amounts shall be held in trust for the benefit of the
Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lender Parties, and shall forthwith be paid to the Administrative Agent to reduce the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured. 

7.Termination; Reinstatement. This Guaranty is a continuing and irrevocable guaranty of all Guaranteed
Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain in full force and effect until all Guaranteed Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Guaranty are indefeasibly paid in full in cash and any commitments of the Lenders pursuant to
the Loan Documents are terminated; provided that notwithstanding such termination this Guaranty shall remain in effect as to (i) any Guaranteed Obligation that remains outstanding at the time of such termination (including, without limitation,
all renewals, compromises, extensions and modifications of such Guaranteed Obligation) and (ii) any indemnity obligations that arise after such termination by reason of any Guaranteed Obligation that was outstanding at or prior to the time of
such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect or be revived, as the case may be, if any payment by or on behalf of any Borrower or any Guarantor is made, or the Administrative Agent or any
Lender Party exercises its right of setoff, in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required
(including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or
otherwise, all as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred and whether or not the Administrative Agent is in possession of or has released this Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission, termination or
reduction. The obligations of each Guarantor under this paragraph shall survive termination of this Guaranty. 

8.Stay of Acceleration. In the event that acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed, in connection with any case commenced by or against any Guarantor or any Borrower under any Debtor Relief Laws, or
otherwise, all such amounts shall nonetheless be payable by the Guarantors immediately upon demand by the Administrative Agent. 

9.Expenses. The Guarantors shall pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agents and the Lender Parties (including, but not limited to, (a) the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of
counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lender Parties (taken together) and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel in any relevant jurisdiction and (b) reasonable and documented out-of-pocket due diligence expenses), in connection with this Guaranty or in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, including any incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiation in respect of the
Guaranteed Obligations and any incurred in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Guaranty or in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations. The obligations of the Guarantors under this paragraph shall survive
the payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations and termination of this Guaranty. 

10.Miscellaneous. The
Administrative Agents books and records showing the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations shall be admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding, and shall be binding upon the Guarantor and conclusive, absent manifest error, for the
purpose of establishing the amount of the Guaranteed Obligations. No provision of this Guaranty may be waived, amended, supplemented or modified, except (i) as expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents or (ii) by a
written instrument executed by the Administrative Agent and each affected Guarantor. No failure by the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, remedy or

power hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy or power hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, power or remedy. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights, powers, privileges or remedies provided by law or in equity. The unenforceability or invalidity of any provision of
this Guaranty shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other provision herein. The unenforceability or invalidity of the Guaranty of any individual Guarantor or group of Guarantors shall not affect the enforceability or validity as
relating to any other Guarantor. This Guaranty embodies the entire agreement and understanding between each Guarantor and the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders, and supersedes all prior agreements and understanding relating to the
subject matter hereof. This Guaranty may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both counterparts that are executed on paper and counterparts that are Electronic Records and may be executed using Electronic
Signatures, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of a manually executed paper counterpart of this Guaranty (or of any
agreement or document required by this Guaranty and any amendment to this Guaranty) by facsimile or other electronic imaging means (e.g., pdf or tif) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed paper counterpart
of this Guaranty; provided, however, that any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed paper original if required by the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party, but the failure to do so shall not affect the validity,
enforceability or binding effect of this Guaranty. 

11.Condition of Borrowers. Each Guarantor acknowledges
and agrees that it has the sole responsibility for, and has adequate means of, obtaining from each Borrower and any other guarantor and Guarantors such information concerning the financial condition, business and operations of such Borrower and any
such other guarantor or Guarantor as such Guarantor requires, and that the Administrative Agent and Lender Parties have no duty, and no Guarantor is relying on the Administrative Agent or any Lender Party at any time, to disclose to such Guarantor
any information relating to the business, operations or financial condition of any Borrower or any other guarantor or Guarantor (the guarantor or Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Administrative Agent and Lender Parties to disclose such
information and any defense relating to the failure to provide the same). 

12.Setoff. Each Guarantor
acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent and the other Guarantee Beneficiaries have rights of setoff with respect to each Guarantor, as more fully set forth in the Credit Agreement. In furtherance thereof,
Section 10.08 of the Credit Agreement is hereby incorporated into this Guaranty, mutatis mutandis. 

13.Representations and Warranties. The Guarantor represents and warrants that (a) it is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing as a [_______________] under the laws of [_______________], (b) has full [_______________] power and authority to enter into this Guaranty and to perform all of its obligations hereunder, (c) this Guaranty
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable in accordance with its terms except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally
and general principles of equity (regardless of whether the application of such principles is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law), (d) this Guaranty does not contravene or constitute a default under any (x) provision of law or any
judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Guarantor or any provision of the articles of incorporation or by-laws of the Guarantor or (y) any covenant, indenture or agreement of or affecting
the Guarantor where such contravention or default, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (e) no authorization, consent, license, or exemption from, or filing or registration with,
any Governmental Authority, nor any approval or consent of the stockholders of the Guarantor or any other Person, is or will be necessary to the valid execution, delivery or performance by any Borrower of this Guaranty, except for such approvals
which have been obtained and remain in full force and effect. 

14. THE PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS 10.14, 10.15 AND 10.21 OF
THE CREDIT AGREEMENT ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED INTO THIS GUARANTY, MUTATIS MUTANDIS.

15.Notices. All notices and other communications to each
Guarantor under this Guaranty shall be in writing and shall be delivered in accordance with 10.02 of the Credit Agreement. Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably appoints the Company as its agent for service of process. 

16.Assignment. This Guaranty shall (a) bind each Guarantor and its successors and assigns, provided that
such Guarantor may not assign its rights or obligations under this Guaranty without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and any attempted assignment without such consent shall be void), and (b) inure to the benefit of the
Administrative Agent and the Lender Parties and their successors and assigns and the Administrative Agent and the Lender Parties may, without notice to each Guarantor and without affecting such Guarantors obligations hereunder, assign, sell or
grant participations in the Guaranteed Obligations and this Guaranty, in whole or in part. Each Guarantor agrees that the Administrative Agent and any Lender Party may disclose to any assignee of or participant in, or any prospective assignee of or
participant in, any of its rights or obligations of all or part of the Guaranteed Obligations any and all information in the Lenders possession concerning such Guarantor, this Guaranty and any security for this Guaranty, except as may be
expressly limited by the Credit Agreement. 

17.FINAL AGREEMENT. THIS GUARANTY REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT
BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES. 

18.Additional Guarantors. Upon execution and delivery by any Subsidiary of the Company of (i) a joinder
agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (a Guaranty Counterpart Agreement), and (ii) such other documentation as be required by Section 6.12 of the Credit Agreement,
such Person shall become a Guarantor hereunder with the same force and effect as if originally named as a Guarantor herein on the date hereof. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of any such Guaranty Counterpart Agreement shall not require the
consent of any other Guarantor, and shall not affect the Guaranty of any other Guarantor. The rights and obligations of each party to this Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the addition of any such new party to this
Guaranty. Upon effectiveness of a Guaranty Counterpart Agreement, each reference to Guarantor in this Guaranty shall thereafter be deemed to include such joined Person. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph 17 shall in no manner
limit the Administrative Agents right to request alternative or additional guarantee documentation to the extent provided in the Credit Agreement, including pursuant to Section 6.12 thereof. 

19.Release of Guarantors. Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees that, upon written request from the
Company pursuant to Section 9.10 of the Credit Agreement and without the consent of any other Guarantor, the Administrative Agent shall release any Guarantor from this Guaranty, without in any manner affecting the Guaranty
of the other Guarantors hereunder. Any such request shall be subject to the terms and requirements set forth in Section 9.10 of the Credit Agreement, and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall not be
required to release any Guarantor, except to the extent expressly required by such Section 9.10. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Guarantor has caused this Guaranty to be duly executed as of the
date first above written. 

[NAME OF THE GUARANTOR]

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Agreed and Acknowledged:

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT H

[Reserved] 

H-1 

EXHIBIT I-1

Form of 

U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 3, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement) among Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., a Delaware corporation (the Company), certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto (each, a
Designated Borrower and, together with the Company, the Borrowers and each a Borrower), each lender from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and
individually, a Lender), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, a Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and the other Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(g) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that
(i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of
the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Company as described in
Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Company with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable). By executing this
certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Company and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times
furnished the Company and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding
such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to
them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name: [Type Signatory Name]

Title: [Type
Signatory Title]

Date: ________ __, 20[__]

I-1-1

Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 

EXHIBIT I-2

Form of 

U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 3, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement) among Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., a Delaware corporation (the Company), certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto (each, a
Designated Borrower and, together with the Company, the Borrowers and each a Borrower), each lender from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and
individually, a Lender), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, a Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and the other Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(g) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that
(i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent
shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Company as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person
status on IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable). By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if
the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective
certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name: [Type Signatory Name]

Title: [Type Signatory Title]

Date: ________ __, 20[__]

I-2-1

Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 

EXHIBIT I-3

Form of 

U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 3, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement) among Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., a Delaware corporation (the Company), certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto (each, a
Designated Borrower and, together with the Company, the Borrowers and each a Borrower), each lender from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and
individually, a Lender), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, a Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and the other Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(g) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that
(i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such
participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect
partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Company as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The
undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption:
(i) an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY
accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) from each of such partners/members beneficial owners
that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the
undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years
preceding such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By: 

Name: [Type Signatory Name]

Title: [Type Signatory Title]

Date: ________ __, 20[__]

I-3-1

Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 

EXHIBIT I-4

Form of 

U.S. TAX
COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of April 3, 2025 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement) among Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., a Delaware corporation (the Company), certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto (each, a
Designated Borrower and, together with the Company, the Borrowers and each a Borrower), each lender from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and
individually, a Lender), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, a Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and the other Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto. 

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(g) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that
(i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such
Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a
bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent
shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Company as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C)
of the Code. 

The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Company with IRS Form
W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) from each of such partners/members beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing
this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Company and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times
furnished the Company and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding
such payments. 

Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to
them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME OF LENDER]

By: 

Name: [Type Signatory Name]

Title: [Type Signatory Title]

Date: ________ __, 20[__]

I-4-1

Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 

EXHIBIT J

FORM OF DESIGNATED BORROWER REQUEST AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT 

Date: ___________, _____ 

To: 

Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This
Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement is made and delivered pursuant to Section 2.18 of that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended,
supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Credit Agreement; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., a Delaware corporation (the
Company), certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto (each, a Designated Borrower and, together with the Company, the Borrowers and each a
Borrower), each lender from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, a Swing Line Lender
and an L/C Issuer, and the other Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto. All capitalized terms used in this Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
assigned to them in the Credit Agreement. 

Each of [_______________] (the Designated Borrower) and the Company hereby
confirms, represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that the Designated Borrower is a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company in an Approved Jurisdiction. 

The documents required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent under Section 2.18 of the Credit Agreement have
been furnished to the Administrative Agent in accordance with the requirements of the Credit Agreement. 

[[Complete if the
Designated Borrower is a Domestic Subsidiary:] The true and correct U.S. taxpayer identification number of the Designated Borrower is _____________.] 

[[Complete if the Designated Borrower is a Foreign Subsidiary:] The true and correct unique identification number that has been
issued to the Designated Borrower by its jurisdiction of organization and the name of such jurisdiction are set forth below: 

Identification Number 

Jurisdiction of Organization

] 

The parties hereto hereby confirm that with effect from the date of the Designated Borrower Notice for the Designated Borrower, the Designated
Borrower shall have obligations, duties and liabilities applicable pursuant to the Credit Agreement as a Borrower. Effective as of the date of the Designated Borrower Notice for the Designated Borrower, the Designated Borrower confirms its
acceptance of, and consents to, all representations and warranties, covenants, and other terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement. 

The parties hereto hereby request that the Designated Borrower be entitled to receive Loans under the Credit Agreement, and understand,
acknowledge and agree that neither the Designated Borrower nor the Company on its behalf shall (i) have any right to request any Loans for its account unless and until the date five (5) Business Days after the effective date designated by
the Administrative Agent in a Designated Borrower Notice delivered to the Company and the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.18 of the Credit Agreement and (ii) be permitted to borrow Swing Line Loans without the consent of
the Swing Line Lender. 

J-1 

Form of Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement 

This Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document
under the Credit Agreement. 

THIS DESIGNATED BORROWER REQUEST AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have caused this Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

ARTHUR J. GALLAGHER & CO.

By:

Name:

Title:

[DESIGNATED BORROWER]

By:

Name:

Title:

J-2 

Form of Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement 

EXHIBIT K

FORM OF DESIGNATED BORROWER NOTICE 

Date: ___________, _____ 

To: 

Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. 

The Lenders party to the Credit Agreement referred to below 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

This
Designated Borrower Notice is made and delivered pursuant to Section 2.18 of that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of
April 3, 2025 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the Credit Agreement; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Arthur J.
Gallagher & Co., a Delaware corporation (the Company), certain Subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto (each, a Designated Borrower and, together with the Company, the
Borrowers and each a Borrower), each lender from time to time party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as
Administrative Agent, a Swing Line Lender and an L/C Issuer, and the other Swing Line Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto. All capitalized terms used in this Designated Borrower Notice and not otherwise defined herein shall have
the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement. 

The Administrative Agent hereby notifies Company and the Lenders that effective as
of the date hereof, [_________________________] shall be a Designated Borrower and may receive Loans for its account on the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement. 

This Designated Borrower Notice shall constitute a Loan Document under the Credit Agreement. 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent

By: 

Title: 

K-1 

Form of Designated Borrower Notice
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ajg-20250403.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA
<TEXT>
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
link:calculationLink 
link:presentationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ajg-20250403_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 
Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag 
Amendment Flag 

Entity Central Index Key 
Entity Central Index Key 

Document Type 
Document Type 

Document Period End Date 
Document Period End Date 

Entity Registrant Name 
Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Incorporation State Country Code 
Entity Incorporation State Country Code 

Entity File Number 
Entity File Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 
Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Address, Address Line One 
Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, City or Town 
Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 
Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 
Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

City Area Code 
City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 
Local Phone Number 

Written Communications 
Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 
Soliciting Material 

Pre Commencement Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Tender Offer 

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 
Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Security 12b Title 
Security 12b Title 

Trading Symbol 
Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 
Security Exchange Name 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 
Entity Emerging Growth Company
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ajg-20250403_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.1

Document and Entity Information

Apr. 03, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Amendment Flag false

Entity Central Index Key 0000354190

Document Type 8-K

Document Period End Date Apr. 03, 2025

Entity Registrant Name ARTHUR J. GALLAGHER & CO.

Entity Incorporation State Country Code DE

Entity File Number 1-09761

Entity Tax Identification Number 36-2151613

Entity Address, Address Line One 2850 W. Golf Road

Entity Address, City or Town Rolling Meadows

Entity Address, State or Province IL

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 60008-4050

City Area Code (630)

Local Phone Number 773-3800

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre Commencement Tender Offer false

Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Security 12b Title Common Stock, $1.00 par value

Trading Symbol AJG

Security Exchange Name NYSE

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
0 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
100000 - Document - Document and Entity Information 
Sheet 
http://www.ajg.com//20250403/taxonomy/role/DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation 
Document and Entity Information 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

ajg-20250403.xsd 
ajg-20250403_lab.xml 
ajg-20250403_pre.xml 
d813689d8k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>0001193125-25-073495-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>16
<FILENAME>d813689d8k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0000354190 

2025-04-03 
2025-04-03 

false 
0000354190 
8-K 
2025-04-03 
ARTHUR J. GALLAGHER & CO. 
DE 
1-09761 
36-2151613 
2850 W. Golf Road 
Rolling Meadows 
IL 
60008-4050 
(630) 
773-3800 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $1.00 par value 
AJG 
NYSE 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>