<SEC-DOCUMENT>0001493152-25-005093.txt : 20250206
<SEC-HEADER>0001493152-25-005093.hdr.sgml : 20250206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20250206080012
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-25-005093
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	8-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20250205
ITEM INFORMATION:		Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM INFORMATION:		Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM INFORMATION:		Financial Statements and Exhibits
FILED AS OF DATE:		20250206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20250206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BARFRESH FOOD GROUP INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001487197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED, FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT, VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				271994359
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		8-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41228
		FILM NUMBER:		25595505

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3600 WILSHIRE SUITE 1720
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-598-7110

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3600 WILSHIRE SUITE 1720
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90010

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Moving Box Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100315
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>8-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form8-k.htm
<TEXT>
xml version='1.0' encoding='ASCII'?

false000148719700014871972025-02-052025-02-05iso4217:USDxbrli:sharesiso4217:USDxbrli:shares

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 5, 2025

BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware 001-41228 27-1994406

(State
or other jurisdiction

of
incorporation) 

(Commission

File
Number) 

(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)

3600
Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1720, Los Angeles, California90010

(Address
of principal executive offices)

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: (310)598-7113

N/A

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions:

Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title
of each class Trading
Symbol Name
of each exchange on which registered

Common
Stock, $0.000001 par value BRFH The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Item
1.01 Entry
into a Material Definitive Agreement

On
February 5, 2025, Barfresh Food Group Inc. (the Company) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement) with several investors (the Purchasers), pursuant to which the Company will sell to the Purchasers an
aggregate of 1,052,635 shares (the Shares) of common stock, par value $0.000001 per share (the Common Stock)
at a price of $2.85 per share in a registered direct offering (the Offering). The closing of the Offering is expected to
occur on or about February 7, 2025, subject to the satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions.

The
gross proceeds to the Company from the transactions are expected to be approximately $3 million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds
from the Offering for general corporate purposes, including general working capital.

The
Shares were offered and sold by the Company pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-275185),
which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) on October 26, 2023 and subsequently declared effective
on December 3, 2023, and a related prospectus. A prospectus supplement relating to the Offering was filed with the SEC.

The
representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Purchase Agreement were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the
Purchase Agreement. In addition, such representations, warranties and covenants (i) are intended as a way of allocating the risk between
the parties to the Purchase Agreement and not as statements of fact, and (ii) may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different
from what may be viewed as material by stockholders of, or other investors in, the Company. Accordingly, the Purchase Agreement is filed
with this report only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of transaction, and not to provide investors with any
other factual information regarding the Company. Stockholders should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any
descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of the Company. Moreover, information concerning
the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Purchase Agreement, which subsequent information
may or may not be fully reflected in public disclosures.

The
form of the Purchase Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The foregoing summary of the terms
of this document is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, such document, which is incorporated herein by reference.

This
report does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, and these securities cannot be sold in any state
or jurisdiction in which this offer, solicitation, or sale would unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any state or jurisdiction. Any offer will be made only by means of a prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, forming a
part of the effective registration statement.

Item
7.01 Regulation
FD Disclosure

On
February 6, 2025, the Company issued a press release regarding the transactions described above under Item 1.01 of this Current Report
on Form 8-K. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

The
information in this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference
in such a filing.

Item9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits

Exhibit
No. Description

5.1 Opinion of Doida Crow Legal LLC

10.1 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement

99.1 Press release issued by Barfresh Food Group Inc. dated February 6, 2025

104 Cover
Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned duly authorized.

Barfresh
Food Group Inc.,

a
Delaware corporation

(Registrant)

Date:
February 6, 2025 /s/
Riccardo Delle Coste

By: Riccardo
Delle Coste

Its: CEO
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-5.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex5-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit
5.1

7979
E. Tufts Avenue Suite 1750 Denver, Colorado 80237

Phone:
720.306.1001 E-Mail: info@doidacrow.com Web: www.doidacrow.com

February
5, 2025

Barfresh
Food Group Inc.

3600
Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1720

Los
Angeles, CA 90010

Re:
Barfresh Food Group Inc.

Gentlemen:

We
have acted as counsel to Barfresh Food Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company), in connection with
the offer and sale by the Company (the Offering) of up to 1,052,635 shares of the Companys common
stock, par value $0.000001 per share (the Common Stock and each such share of Common Stock, a Share
and collectively, the Shares). The Shares are being offered and sold under a Registration Statement on Form
S-3 (File No. 333-275185), as amended or supplemented, and together with all annexes and exhibits thereto, the Registration
Statement), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission) under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) on October 26, 2023 and declared effective December 3, 2023,
the related prospectus dated December 3, 2023 (the Base Prospectus), and the prospectus supplement relating
to the Shares filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Rules and Regulations of the Act of even date herewith (the Prospectus
Supplement, and collectively with the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus), pursuant to a Securities
Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof by and among the Company and certain purchasers of the Shares (the Purchase Agreement).
All of the Shares are to be sold by the Company as described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus.

In
connection with our opinion expressed below we have examined originals or copies of the Companys certificate of incorporation,
as amended (the Certificate) and bylaws (the Bylaws), certain corporate proceedings
of the Companys board of directors (the Board) relating to the Registration Statement, the Companys
Certificate and Bylaws, and such other agreements, documents, certificates and statements of the Company, its transfer agent and public
or government officials, as we have deemed advisable, and have examined such questions of law as we have considered necessary. We have
assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the genuineness of all signatures on documents submitted to us,
the conformity to originals of all documents submitted to us as copies, and the absence of any undisclosed termination, waiver or amendment
to any document reviewed by us. In giving our opinion, we have also relied upon a good standing certificate regarding the Company issued
by the Delaware Secretary of State and representations made to us by the Company, including representations that the Company has available
a sufficient number of authorized shares of Common Stock that are not currently outstanding or reserved for issuance under other outstanding
securities or plans of the Company, to enable the Company to issue and deliver all of the Shares as of the date of this letter.

Barfresh
Food Group Inc.

February
5, 2025

Page
2

We
render this opinion only with respect to, and express no opinion herein concerning the application or effect of the laws of any jurisdiction
other than, the existing applicable statutory provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (Title 8, Chapter 1 of the Delaware
Code), including interpretations thereof in published decisions of the Delaware courts and applicable provisions of the Delaware Constitution,
and the federal laws of the United States of America. We are not rendering any opinion as to compliance with any federal or state antifraud
law, rule, or regulation relating to securities, or to the sale or issuance thereof.

Based
upon the foregoing, we are of the opinion that when the Shares are issued, sold and delivered in the manner and for the consideration
stated in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the resolutions adopted by the Board with respect to the offering contemplated
by the Registration Statement, such Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.

We
consent to the use of this opinion as an exhibit to the Form 8-K and further consent to all references to us, if any, in the Registration
Statement, the Prospectus constituting a part thereof and any amendments or supplements thereto. We do not thereby admit that we are
within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission
thereunder. This opinion is intended solely for use in connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares subject to the Registration
Statement and is not to be relied upon for any other purpose. In providing this letter, we are opining only as to the specific legal
issues expressly set forth above, and no opinion shall be inferred as to any other matter or matters. This opinion is rendered on, and
speaks only as of, the date of this letter first written above, and does not address any potential change in facts or law that may occur
after the date of this opinion letter. We assume no obligation to advise you of any fact, circumstance, event or change in the law or
the facts that may hereafter be brought to our attention, whether or not such occurrence would affect or modify any of the opinions expressed
herein.

Very
truly yours, 

/s/ Doida Crow Legal LLC 

Doida
Crow Legal LLC
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.1

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement) is dated as of February 5, 2025, between Barfresh Food Group Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company), and each purchaser identified
on the signature pages hereto (each, including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively, the Purchasers).

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), as to the Shares (as defined below), the Company desires to issue
and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company
as more fully described in this Agreement.

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows:

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms
have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.5.

Action
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

Affiliate
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company.

Business
Day means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in The City of New York are authorized
or required by law to remain closed; provided, however, for clarification, commercial banks shall not be deemed to be authorized or required
by law to remain closed due to stay at home, shelter-in-place, non-essential employee or any
other similar orders or restrictions or the closure of any physical branch locations at the direction of any governmental authority so
long as the electronic funds transfer systems (including for wire transfers) of commercial banks in The City of New York are generally
are open for use by customers on such day.

Closing
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares pursuant to Section 2.1.

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties
thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Companys
obligations to deliver the Shares, in each case, have been satisfied or waived, but in no event later than the first (1st)
Trading Day following the date hereof.

Commission
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value $0.000001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed.

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith.

Disclosure
Time means, (i) if this Agreement is signed on a day that is not a Trading Day or after 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) and
before midnight (New York City time) on any Trading Day, 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, and (ii) if this Agreement is signed between midnight (New York City time) and 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any Trading
Day, no later than 9:01 a.m. (New York City time) on the date hereof.

Evaluation
Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(s).

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock, options, restricted stock units, or other equity awards to employees,
consultants, contractors, advisors, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose,
by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors
established for such purpose for services rendered to the Company, (b) securities (including options, rights or warrants) exercisable
or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such
securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise
price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock splits or combinations) or to extend
the term of such securities, (c) up to 100,000 shares of Common Stock or securities exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into,
shares of Common Stock sold to employees, directors, consultants, or any of their affiliated entities in the ordinary course of business
or pursuant to agreements or in connection with commitments in place as of the date hereof, and (d) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions
or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided in the case of each of clauses
(c) and (d) that such securities are issued as restricted securities (as defined in Rule 144) and carry no registration
rights that require or permit the filing of any registration statement in connection therewith during the prohibition period in Section
4.12(a) herein, and provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself
or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company
and shall provide to the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which
the Company is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in
securities.

FCPA
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

GAAP
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Indebtedness
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb).

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p).

Issuer
Free Writing Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(f)(ii).

Liens
means a lien, charge pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

Lock-Up
Agreement means the Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among the Purchasers and the directors and executive
officers, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(b).

2

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n).

Per
Share Purchase Price equals $2.85, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations
and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

Person
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

Proceeding
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened in writing.

Prospectus
means the final prospectus filed under the Registration Statement complying with Rule 424(b).

Prospectus
Supplement means the supplement to the Prospectus complying with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act that will be filed with
the Commission and delivered by the Company to each Purchaser at or prior to the Closing.

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8.

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement with the Commission on Form S-3 (File No. 333-275185), as amended, including
all information, documents and exhibits filed with or incorporated by reference into such registration statement, which registers the
sale of the Shares and includes any Rule 462(b) Registration Statement.

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e).

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
424 means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect
as such Rule.

Rule
462(b) Registration Statement means any registration statement prepared by the Company registering additional Shares, which
was filed with the Commission on or prior to the date hereof and became automatically effective pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated by
the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act.

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

Shares
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement.

Short
Sales means all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be
deemed to include locating and/or borrowing shares of Common Stock).

3

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Shares purchased hereunder as specified below
such Purchasers name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription Amount, in United
States dollars and in immediately available funds.

Subsidiary
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the SEC Reports and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading.

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock
Exchange, OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Lock-Up Agreements and all exhibits and schedules hereto and any other documents or agreements
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

Transfer
Agent means Securities Transfer Corporation and any successor transfer agent of the Company.

Variable
Rate Transaction shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.12(b).

ARTICLE
II.

PURCHASE AND SALE

2.1
Closing. On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly,
agree to purchase, up to an aggregate of approximately $3.0 million of Shares.

Each
Purchaser shall deliver to the Company immediately available funds via wire transfer in an amount equal to its Subscription Amount, the
Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares, and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items set forth
in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing
shall be deemed to have occurred at the Companys executive office or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Company may reject any subscription, in whole or in part, in its sole
discretion.

2.2
Deliveries.

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

(ii)
a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent instructing the Transfer Agent to deliver, on an expedited basis, in book
entry form (unless otherwise requested by the Purchasers) a number of Shares equal to such Purchasers Subscription Amount divided
by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Purchaser;

(iii)
the Companys wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer;

4

(iv)
the Prospectus Supplement (which may be delivered in accordance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act); and

(v)
the Lock-Up Agreements.

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered the following:

(i)
this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser to the Company; and

(ii)
such Purchasers Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified by the Company.

2.3
Closing Conditions.

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality, in all respects)
on the date hereof and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless as of a specific
date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
performed; and

(iii)
the delivery by each and every Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:

(i)
the accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse
Effect, in all respects) on the date hereof and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein
(unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date);

(ii)
all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

(iii)
the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement;

(iv)
there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and

(v)
from the date hereof and through the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or the
Companys principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally as reported by
Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades
are reported by such service, or any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the United States or
New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or international
calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the reasonable
judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or inadvisable to purchase the Shares at the Closing.

5

ARTICLE
III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall
be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained in the
corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a)
Subsidiaries. All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the SEC Reports or have otherwise been
disclosed to Purchasers by the Company. The Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of its capital stock or other equity interests
of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are
validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.
If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

(b)
Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power
and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or
other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good
standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned
by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could
not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction
Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise)
of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Companys ability to perform in
any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material
Adverse Effect) and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking
to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.

(c)
Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no
further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Companys stockholders in connection herewith or therewith
other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been
(or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as
limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by general equitable principles and laws relating to the
availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution
provisions may be limited by applicable law.

6

(d)
No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Shares, and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Companys or any Subsidiarys certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, anti-dilution or similar adjustments,
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument
(evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by
which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and
(iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any
notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state (including state blue sky law), local or other
governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents,
other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.4 of this Agreement, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the Prospectus
Supplement, and (iii) notices and/or application(s) to and approvals by each applicable Trading Market for the listing of the Shares
for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby and (iv) filings required by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
(collectively, the Required Approvals). All references in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus,
the Prospectus Supplement, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, or any amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing, shall be
deemed to include any copy thereof filed with the Commission on EDGAR.

(f)
Issuance of the Securities; Qualification; Registration; Securities Act Compliance and No Stop Orders.

(i) The
Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly
and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, shares of Common Stock free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company, except
for restrictions set forth in the Transaction Documents. The Shares are not and will not be subject to the preemptive rights of any holders
of any security of the Company or similar contractual rights granted by the Company. s

(ii)
The Company has prepared and filed the Registration Statement in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act, which Registration
Statement became effective on December 4, 2023, including the Prospectus, and such amendments and supplements thereto as may have been
required to the date of this Agreement. The Registration Statement is effective under the Securities Act and no stop order preventing
or suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or suspending or preventing the use of the Prospectus or the Prospectus
Supplement has been issued by the Commission and no proceedings for that purpose have been instituted or, to the knowledge of the Company,
are threatened by the Commission. The Company, if required by the rules and regulations of the Commission, shall file the Prospectus
and the Prospectus Supplement with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b). At the time the Registration Statement and any amendments
thereto became effective as determined under the Securities Act, at the date of this Agreement and at the Closing Date, the Registration
Statement and any amendments thereto conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and
did not and will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement and any amendments or supplements
thereto, at the time the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement or any amendment or supplement thereto was issued and at the Closing
Date, conformed and will conform in all material respects to the requirements of the Securities Act and did not and will not contain
an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company was at the time of the filing of the Registration Statement
eligible to use Form S-3. The Company is eligible to use Form S-3 under the Securities Act and meets the transaction requirements with
respect to the aggregate market value of securities being sold pursuant to this offering and during the twelve (12) months prior to this
offering as set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3.

7

Any
issuer free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 433 under the Securities Act) relating to the Shares is hereafter referred
to as an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus. Any reference herein to the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement shall be
deemed to refer to and include the documents incorporated by reference therein as of the date of filing thereof; and any reference herein
to any amendment or supplement with respect to any of the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement shall
be deemed to refer to and include (i) the filing of any document with the Commission incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein
by reference after the date of filing of such Preliminary Prospectus or Prospectus and (ii) any such document so filed.

All
references in this Agreement to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus,
or any amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing, shall be deemed to include any copy thereof filed with the Commission on EDGAR.

(iii)
The Registration Statement complies, and the Prospectus and any further amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or the
Prospectus will comply, in all material respects, with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act. Each part of the Registration
Statement, when such part became effective, did not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The Prospectus, as of its filing date, and any amendment
thereof or supplement thereto, did not and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(iv)
No order preventing or suspending the use of the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
has been issued by the Commission.

(g)
Capitalization. The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule
3.1(g) also includes the number of shares of Common Stock owned beneficially, and of record, by Affiliates of the Company as of the
date hereof. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic
report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise of employee stock options under the Companys stock option plans,
the issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Companys employee stock purchase plans, the issuance of shares
of Common Stock in settlement of performance stock units and restricted stock units, the issuance of shares of Common Stock to directors
as part of established compensation practices, and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding
as of the date of the most recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive
right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except
as set forth in Schedule 3.1(g) or as a result of the purchase and sale of the Shares, there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip
rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the
capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is
or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance
and sale of the Shares will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person
(other than the Purchasers). There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary with any provision that
adjusts the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price of such security or instrument upon an issuance of securities by the Company
or any Subsidiary. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or
similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is
or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or
phantom stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state
securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe
for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for
the issuance and sale of the Shares. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements
or other similar agreements with respect to the Companys capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of
the Company, between or among any of the Companys stockholders.

8

(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the
twelve months preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such material)
(the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, together with the Prospectus
and Prospectus Supplement, being collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports) on a timely basis or has received
a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their
respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act,
as applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) under the Securities Act. The financial statements
of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and
regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (GAAP),
except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements
may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and
its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended,
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments.

(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. Other than as disclosed in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been
no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the
Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Companys financial
statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting
in any material respect, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders
or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued
any equity securities to any executive officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company director compensation, stock
option or omnibus incentive plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of
information. Except for the issuance of the Shares contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence
or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or
their respective businesses, prospects, properties, operations, assets or financial condition that would be required to be disclosed
by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed
at least one Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.

(j)
Litigation. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(j), there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, Proceeding
or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary
or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority
(federal, state, county, local or foreign) (collectively, an Action). None of the Actions set forth on Schedule
3.1(j), (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Shares,
or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or executive officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim
of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty, which could result in a Material
Adverse Effect. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the
Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or executive officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued
any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under
the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

9

(k)
Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Companys or its Subsidiaries
employees is a member of a union that relates to such employees relationship with the Company or such Subsidiary, and neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries believe
that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary
is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third-party,
and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability
with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all applicable U.S. federal, state,
local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages
and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.

(l)
Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that
has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor
has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture,
loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree, or order of any court, arbitrator
or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational
health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m)
Environmental Laws. The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating
to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface
strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or
toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials) into the environment, or otherwise relating
to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well
as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder (Environmental Laws); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

(n)
Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports,
except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect (Material
Permits), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit.

10

(o)
Title to Assets. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(o) or in the SEC Reports, the Company and the Subsidiaries have good
and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by
them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens
as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such
property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves
have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property
and facilities currently held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable
leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects.

(p)
Intellectual Property. To the Companys knowledge, the Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents,
patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses
and other intellectual property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses
as described in the SEC Reports and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual
Property Rights). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any
of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned,
within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement, where such expiration, termination or abandonment would not have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest
audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual
Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not have a Material
Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement
by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures
to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(q)
Insurance. The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses
and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including,
but not limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage in amount deemed prudent by the Company. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain
similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost.

(r)
Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. None of the officers or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge
of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any
Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing
for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of
money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge
of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director,
trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for
services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock
option agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.

11

(s)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls. The Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with any and all applicable requirements
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and regulations promulgated
by the Commission thereunder that are effective as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date. The Company and the Subsidiaries maintain
a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in accordance
with managements general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with
managements general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing assets
at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company and the Subsidiaries have established
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company and the Subsidiaries and
designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commissions
rules and forms. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(s), the Companys certifying officers have evaluated the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures of the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the most recently filed
periodic report under the Exchange Act (such date, the Evaluation Date). The Company presented in its most recently
filed periodic report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures based on their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date. Since the Evaluation Date, there have been no changes in the internal
control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its Subsidiaries that have materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(t)
Certain Fees. No brokerage or finders fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary to any
broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The Purchasers shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims
made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(u)
[Reserved]

(v)
Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Shares, will
not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

(w)
Registration Rights. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement,
no Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities
of the Company or any Subsidiary that has not been satisfied or waived prior to the date hereof.

(x)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The Common Stock is registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and the Company
has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.
Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading
Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing
or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(x), the Company is, and has no reason
to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements.
The Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation
and the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in
connection with such electronic transfer.

(y)
Application of Takeover Protections. The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order
to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement)
or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Companys certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the
laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company
fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of
the Companys issuance of the Shares and the Purchasers ownership of the Shares.

12

(z)
Disclosure. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and the representations made in Section 3.1(i), the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided
any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public
information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions
in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company
and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this
Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The press
releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges
and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(aa)
No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers
or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Shares
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any
such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of
the securities of the Company are listed or designated.

(bb)
Indebtedness. Schedule 3.1(bb) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the
Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable or accrued payroll
liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect
of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Companys consolidated balance sheet (or the
notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary
course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized
in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

(cc)
Tax Status. The Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all material United States federal, state and local income
and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii)
has paid all material taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due
on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of all material
taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no
basis for any such claim.

(dd)
[Reserved]

(ee)
Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any
agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful
contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate
funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf
of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA.

13

(ff)
Accountants. The Companys accounting firm is set forth in the SEC Reports. To the knowledge and belief of the Company,
such accounting firm (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with
respect to the financial statements to be included in the Companys Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.

(gg)
No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated
by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company
is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Companys ability to perform any
of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents.

(hh)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Shares. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, to its knowledge, each
of the Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arms length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the
transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that, to its knowledge, no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor
or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated
thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction
Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Shares. The Company
further represents to each Purchaser that the Companys decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives.

(ii)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding
(except for Sections 3.2(g) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been
asked by the Company to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the
Company, or derivative securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Shares for any specified term,
(ii) past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative
transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price of
the Companys publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counter-parties in derivative transactions to
which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a short position in the Common Stock and
(iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arms length counter-party in any derivative
transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various
times during the period that the Shares are outstanding and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing
stockholders equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company
acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

(jj)
Regulation M Compliance. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly,
any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
the sale or resale of any of the Shares, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of
the Shares, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of
the Company.

14

(kk)
FDA. As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (FDCA) that is manufactured,
packaged, labeled, tested, and/or distributed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each such product, a Food Product),
the Company represents that all such Food Product is being manufactured, packaged, labeled, and tested pursuant to arrangements made
with its contract manufacturers and that such manufacturers are required by the Company to be in compliance with all applicable requirements
under the FDCA and other similar laws, rules, and regulations relating to registration, labeling, food safety, packaging, advertising,
recordkeeping, and filing of reports, including but not limited to, compliance with good manufacturing practices (GMP), Hazard Analysis
and Critical Control Point (HACCP) guidelines, and all other applicable health and safety regulations, except where the failure to comply
would not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has quality assurance protocols to ensure compliance by the manufacturers. There
is no pending, completed, or to the Companys knowledge, threatened in writing, action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or
legal, administrative, or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice, warning letter or other communication from the FDA or any
other governmental entity, which: (i) contests the licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing
or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any Food Product; (ii) withdraws its approval of, requests
the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to,
any Food Product; (iii) imposes a hold on any product testing by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (iv) enjoins production at any
facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (v) proposes or intends to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any laws, rules, or regulations by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not been
informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, sale, or use in the United States of any Food Product proposed to be developed,
produced, or marketed by the Company, nor has the FDA expressed any concern regarding the approval or clearance for marketing of any
product being developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

(ll)
Reserved.

(mm)
Stock Option Plans. Each stock option granted by the Company under the Companys stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance
with the terms of the Companys stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at least equal to the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date such stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No stock option granted under the
Companys stock option plan has been backdated. The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has been no Company
policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or
prospects.

(nn)
Office of Foreign Assets Control. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Companys knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the
Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (OFAC).

(oo)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within
the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchasers
request.

(pp)
Bank Holding Company Act. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended (the BHCA) and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5%) or more
of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity
that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries exercises a controlling
influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

15

(qq)
Money Laundering. The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance in
all material respects with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting
Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator
involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any
Subsidiary, threatened.

3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date):

(a)
Organization; Authority. Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited
liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance
by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate,
partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to
which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof,
will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law.

(b)
Understandings or Arrangements. Such Purchaser is acquiring the Shares as principal for its own account and has no direct or indirect
arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Shares (this representation
and warranty not limiting such Purchasers right to sell the Shares pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance
with applicable federal and state securities laws).

(c)
Purchaser Status. At the time such Purchaser was offered the Shares, it was either (i) an accredited investor as
defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), (a)(9), (a)(12) or (a)(13) under the Securities Act, or (ii) a qualified institutional
buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act.

(d)
Experience of Such Purchaser. Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Shares, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment
in the Shares and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e)
Access to Information. Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including
all exhibits and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports, the Registration Statement and Preliminary Prospectus and has been afforded
(i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company
concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares and the merits and risks of investing in the Shares; (ii) access to
information about the Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient
to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or
can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment.

16

(f)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Other than consummating the transactions contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser has
not, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, directly or indirectly executed any
purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing as of the time that such Purchaser
first received a term sheet (written or oral) from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending immediately prior to the execution hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of
such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers
managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion
of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Shares covered by this Agreement. Other
than to other Persons party to this Agreement or to such Purchasers representatives, including, without limitation, its officers,
directors, partners, legal and other advisors, employees, agents and Affiliates, such Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of
all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions,
with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

(g)
Brokers. Except as set forth in the Prospectus, no agent, broker, investment banker, person or firm acting in a similar capacity
on behalf of or under the authority of the Purchaser is or will be entitled to any brokers or finders fee or any other
commission or similar fee, directly or indirectly, for which the Company or any of its Affiliates after the Closing could have any liabilities
in connection with this Agreement, any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or on account of any action taken by the Purchaser
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchasers
right to rely on the Companys representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document, or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained
herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or preclude any actions, with respect to locating or borrowing shares in order
to effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

ARTICLE
IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1
Legends. The Shares shall be issued free of legends.

4.2
Furnishing of Information; Public Information. Until the earlier of the date on which no Purchaser owns any Shares or the one
year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g)
of the Exchange Act and to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports
required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

4.3
Integration. The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security
(as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares for purposes of the rules
and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction
unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction.

17

4.4
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company shall (a) by the Disclosure Time, issue a press release disclosing the material
terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits
thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act. From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company
represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition, effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges
and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company,
any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the
Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate. The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other
in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall
issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any
press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press release of the Company, which
consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the disclosing party
shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission
or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (a) as required by federal securities
law in connection with (i) any registration statement contemplated by this Agreement and (ii) the filing of final Transaction Documents
with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company
shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b).

4.5
Shareholder Rights Plan. No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person,
that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill
(including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by
the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving
Shares under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.6
Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents, which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.4, and except for representations made under Section 3.1(i), the Company covenants
and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information
that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser
shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company
understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the
Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchasers consent,
the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries,
or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or
any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public
information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any
Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company
shall simultaneously with the delivery of such notice file such material non-public information with the Commission pursuant to a Current
Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting
transactions in securities of the Company.

4.7
Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder for general corporate and working
capital purposes and shall not use such proceeds: (a) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (b) for the
settlement of any outstanding litigation or (c) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

18

4.8
Indemnification of Purchasers. Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.8, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser
and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent
role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser
(within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders,
agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding
a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party) harmless from any
and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or
incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or
any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect
to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is solely based upon a material breach of such
Purchaser Partys representations, warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings
such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws
or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct).
If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such
Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with
counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate
counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense
of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing,
(ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there
is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position
of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such
separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party
effected without the Companys prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent,
but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any Purchaser Partys breach of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification
required by this Section 4.8 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense,
as and when bills are received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action
or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law.

4.9
Reservation of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve and keep
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company
to issue the Shares pursuant to this Agreement.

4.10
Listing of Common Stock. The Company hereby agrees to use commercially reasonable best efforts to maintain the listing or quotation
of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Market on which each is currently listed, and concurrently with the Closing, the Company
shall apply to list or quote all of the Shares on such Trading Market and promptly secure the listing of all of the Shares on such Trading
Market. The Company further agrees, if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will then
include in such application all of the Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary to cause all of the Shares to be listed
or quoted on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible. The Company will then take all action reasonably necessary to continue
the listing and trading of the Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all material respects with the Companys reporting,
filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. The Company agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts
to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing
corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing
corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.11
[Reserved]

4.12
Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a)
From the date hereof until 30 days following the Closing Date, neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall (i) issue, enter into any
agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or (ii) file any registration
statement or any amendment or supplement thereto, other than the Prospectus Supplement or a registration statement on Form S-8 with respect
to a shareholder approved equity incentive plan.

19

(b)
From the date hereof until one (1) year following the Closing Date, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into an
agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination
of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction means a transaction in which the Company
(i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or include the right to
receive additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange rate or other price that is based
upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after the initial issuance of
such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date
after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security (other than in connection with a stock split or stock dividend or similar
event) or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the
market for the Common Stock, or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity
line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined price. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive
relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

(c)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.12 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction
shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.13
Equal Treatment of Purchasers. No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid
to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the same consideration
is also offered to all of the parties to the Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate
right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to treat
the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the
purchase, disposition or voting of Shares or otherwise.

4.14
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that
neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any purchases or sales, including
Short Sales, of any of the Companys securities during the period commencing with the execution of this Agreement and ending at
such time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as
described in Section 4.4. Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described
in Section 4.4, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this transaction and the information included
in the Disclosure Schedules. Notwithstanding the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary,
the Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will
not engage in effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.4, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted
or prohibited from effecting any transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable securities laws from and
after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial press release
as described in Section 4.4 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have any duty of confidentiality or duty not to trade in the securities of the
Company to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.4. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate
portions of such Purchasers assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the
portfolio managers managing other portions of such Purchasers assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect
to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Shares covered by this Agreement.

20

ARTICLE
V.

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchasers obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Closing has not been consummated on or before the fifth (5th) Trading Day following the date hereof; provided, however,
that no such termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties).

5.2
Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes and other
taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Shares to the Purchasers.

5.3
Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4
Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the time of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto at or prior to 6:00 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the time of transmission, if such
notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the
signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 6:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c)
the second (2nd) Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service
or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications
shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document
constitutes, or contains material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously
with the delivery of such notice file such material non-public information with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.

5.5
Amendments; Waivers. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1% in interest of the Shares, or, in the
case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification
or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted
Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement
of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner
impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the
rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior
written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding upon
each Purchaser and holder of Shares and the Company.

5.6
Headings. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Shares, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred
Shares, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers.

21

5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise
set forth in Section 4.8 and this Section 5.8.

5.9
Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or
in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of
any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that
it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.8, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall
be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation,
preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding.

5.10
Survival. The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Shares for the
applicable statute of limitations.

5.11
Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission
or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, by other electronic signing created on an electronic platform (such as
DocuSign) or by digital signing (such as Adobe Sign), such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing
(or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or .pdf or other electronic
or digital signature page were an original thereof.

5.12
Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights.

22

5.14
Replacement of Shares. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Shares is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company
shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu
of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company
of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable
third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Shares.

5.15
Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16
Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise
or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by
or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other Person under any law (including,
without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such
restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect
as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17
Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood
and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser,
solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers collectively and not between and among the Purchasers.

5.18
[Reserved]

5.19
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day.

5.20
Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement.

5.21
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY,
THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.

23

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above.

BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP Inc. Address for Notice:

By: Email:

Name: Riccardo Delle Coste Fax:

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

With a copy to (which shall not constitute
notice):

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS]

24

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO BARFRESH FOOD GROUP Inc. SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above.

Name of
Purchaser: 

Signature of Authorized
Signatory of Purchaser: 

Name of Authorized Signatory: 

Title of Authorized
Signatory: 

Email Address of Authorized
Signatory: 

Address for Notice to
Purchaser: 

Address
for Delivery of Shares to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice):

DWAC
for Shares: ____________________

Subscription
Amount: $_________________

Shares:
_________________

EIN
Number: _________________

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the
Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii)
the Closing shall occur on the first (1st) Trading Day following the date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing
contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i) above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed
of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or purchase price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead
be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed (as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate
or the like or purchase price (as applicable) to such other party on the Closing Date.

25
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99-1.htm
<TEXT>
Exhibit 99.1

Barfresh
Secures $3 Million in Profitable Growth Financing

LOS
ANGELES, Calif., February 6, 2025 Barfresh Food Group Inc. (the Company or Barfresh)
(Nasdaq: BRFH), a provider of frozen, ready-to-blend and ready-to-drink beverages, today announced the completion of a $3 million financing
round for common stock at $2.85 per share, primarily supported by existing shareholders. This strategic investment will fuel the Companys
expansion of manufacturing capabilities to meet growing customer demand, following continued customer wins through its education channel
and strong market feedback from select testing for its new Pop & Go 100% Juice Freeze Pops. The Company expects this financing
will enable it to achieve positive cash flow.

The
financing will enable Barfresh to improve margins by scaling production capacity to fully serve current customer commitments and support
aggressive profitable growth initiatives to capture opportunities within the existing sales pipeline. The timing of this investment aligns
with the Companys preparations to introduce its new Pop & Go 100% Juice Freeze Pops to the education market, following
highly positive feedback during initial testing in select school locations. The Company continues to build momentum, having secured a
large number of new customers within the education channel, demonstrating growing demand for its suite of better-for-you smoothie beverages.

Riccardo
Delle Coste, the Companys Chief Executive Officer, stated, This funding round represents a strong vote of confidence from
our existing investors and validates our profitable growth strategy. With this additional capital, we are well-positioned to meet the
increasing demand from our customers and capitalize on the significant opportunities in our pipeline. The enthusiastic response to our
Pop & Go in test markets and this expanded manufacturing capacity will enable us to capture a larger share of the education
market, where weve only scratched the surface of the opportunity.

About
Barfresh Food Group

Barfresh
Food Group Inc. (Nasdaq: BRFH) is a developer, manufacturer and distributor of ready-to-blend and ready-to-drink beverages, including
smoothies, shakes and frappes, primarily for the education market, foodservice industry and restaurant chains, delivered as fully prepared
individual portions or single serving and bulk formats for on-site preparation. The Companys single serving, on-site prepared
product utilizes a proprietary, patented system that uses portion-controlled pre-packaged beverage ingredients, delivering a freshly
made frozen beverage that is quick, cost efficient, better for you and without waste. For more information, please visit www.barfresh.com
.

Forward
Looking Statements

Except
for historical information herein, matters set forth in this press release are forward-looking, including statements about the Companys
commercial progress, success of its strategic relationship(s), and projections of future financial performance. These forward-looking
statements are identified by the use of words such as grow, expand, anticipate, intend,
estimate, believe, expect, plan, should, hypothetical,
potential, forecast and project, continue, could, may,
predict, and will and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in the press release that address activities, events or
developments that the Company believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. These statements
are based on certain assumptions made based on experience, expected future developments and other factors the Company believes are appropriate
under the circumstances. Such statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the
control of the Company. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. The contents of this
release should be considered in conjunction with the Companys recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including any warnings, risk factors
and cautionary statements contained therein. Furthermore, the Company expressly disclaims any current intention to update publicly any
forward-looking statements after the distribution of this release, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in
assumptions or otherwise.

Contact

John
Mills

ICR

646-277-1254

John.Mills@icrinc.com

Deirdre
Thomson

ICR

646-277-1283

Deirdre.Thomson@icrinc.com
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>GRAPHIC
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex5-1_001.jpg
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.SCH
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>brfh-20250205.xsd
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL SCHEMA FILE
<TEXT>
00000001 - Document - Cover 
link:presentationLink 
link:calculationLink 
link:definitionLink
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.LAB
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>brfh-20250205_lab.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL LABEL FILE
<TEXT>
Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 

Amendment Flag 

Amendment Description 

Document Registration Statement 

Document Annual Report 

Document Quarterly Report 

Document Transition Report 

Document Shell Company Report 

Document Shell Company Event Date 

Document Period Start Date 

Document Period End Date 

Document Fiscal Period Focus 

Document Fiscal Year Focus 

Current Fiscal Year End Date 

Entity File Number 

Entity Registrant Name 

Entity Central Index Key 

Entity Primary SIC Number 

Entity Tax Identification Number 

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code 

Entity Address, Address Line One 

Entity Address, Address Line Two 

Entity Address, Address Line Three 

Entity Address, City or Town 

Entity Address, State or Province 

Entity Address, Country 

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 

Country Region 

City Area Code 

Local Phone Number 

Extension 

Written Communications 

Soliciting Material 

Pre-commencement Tender Offer 

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer 

Title of 12(b) Security 

No Trading Symbol Flag 

Trading Symbol 

Security Exchange Name 

Title of 12(g) Security 

Security Reporting Obligation 

Annual Information Form 

Audited Annual Financial Statements 

Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer 

Entity Voluntary Filers 

Entity Current Reporting Status 

Entity Interactive Data Current 

Entity Filer Category 

Entity Small Business 

Entity Emerging Growth Company 

Elected Not To Use the Extended Transition Period 

Document Accounting Standard 

Other Reporting Standard Item Number 

Entity Shell Company 

Entity Public Float 

Entity Bankruptcy Proceedings, Reporting Current 

Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 

Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-101.PRE
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>brfh-20250205_pre.xml
<DESCRIPTION>XBRL PRESENTATION FILE
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>R1.htm
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
/* Do Not Remove This Comment */
function toggleNextSibling (e) {
if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
}v3.25.0.1

Cover

Feb. 05, 2025

Cover [Abstract] 

Document Type 8-K

Amendment Flag false

Document Period End Date Feb. 05, 2025

Entity File Number 001-41228

Entity Registrant Name BARFRESH
FOOD GROUP INC.

Entity Central Index Key 0001487197

Entity Tax Identification Number 27-1994406

Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code DE

Entity Address, Address Line One 3600
Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1720

Entity Address, City or Town Los Angeles

Entity Address, State or Province CA

Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90010

City Area Code (310)

Local Phone Number 598-7113

Written Communications false

Soliciting Material false

Pre-commencement Tender Offer false

Pre-commencement Issuer Tender Offer false

Title of 12(b) Security Common
Stock, $0.000001 par value

Trading Symbol BRFH

Security Exchange Name NASDAQ

Entity Emerging Growth Company false

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_AmendmentFlag

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Area code of city+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CityAreaCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Cover page.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_CoverAbstract

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_DocumentType

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the City or Town+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Code for the postal or zip code+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the state or province.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:stateOrProvinceItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityFileNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:fileNumberItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarStateCountryItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b-2

+ Details

Name: dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:employerIdItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Local phone number for entity.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_LocalPhoneNumber

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 13e

-Subsection 4c

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementIssuerTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14d

-Subsection 2b

+ Details

Name: dei_PreCommencementTenderOffer

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Title of a 12(b) registered security.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection b

+ Details

Name: dei_Security12bTitle

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:securityTitleItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 12

-Subsection d1-1

+ Details

Name: dei_SecurityExchangeName

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:edgarExchangeCodeItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Exchange Act

-Number 240

-Section 14a

-Subsection 12

+ Details

Name: dei_SolicitingMaterial

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.+ References

No definition available.+ Details

Name: dei_TradingSymbol

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: dei:tradingSymbolItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration

X

- Definition

Boolean flag that is true when the Form 8-K filing is intended to satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant as written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act.+ References

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef

-Publisher SEC

-Name Securities Act

-Number 230

-Section 425

+ Details

Name: dei_WrittenCommunications

Namespace Prefix: dei_

Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType

Balance Type: na

Period Type: duration
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EXCEL
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>Financial_Report.xlsx
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>Show.js
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>report.css
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>FilingSummary.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
3.25.0.1 

html 
1 
22 
1 
false 
0 
0 
false 
3 

false 
false 
R1.htm 
00000001 - Document - Cover 
Sheet 
http://barfresh.com/role/Cover 
Cover 
Cover 
1 

false 
false 
All Reports 
Book 
All Reports 

brfh-20250205.xsd 
brfh-20250205_lab.xml 
brfh-20250205_pre.xml 
form8-k.htm 

http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2024 

true 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>JSON
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>MetaLinks.json
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>ZIP
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>0001493152-25-005093-xbrl.zip
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>XML
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>form8-k_htm.xml
<DESCRIPTION>IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT
<TEXT>
0001487197 

2025-02-05 
2025-02-05 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

iso4217:USD 

shares 

false 
0001487197 
8-K 
2025-02-05 
BARFRESH FOOD GROUP INC. 
DE 
001-41228 
27-1994406 
3600 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 1720 
Los Angeles 
CA 
90010 
(310) 
598-7113 
false 
false 
false 
false 
Common Stock, $0.000001 par value 
BRFH 
NASDAQ 
false
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>